
 10-K
 1
 corp10k2017.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended   Commission file December 31, 2017   number 1-5805 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware   13-2624428 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. employer identification no.)       270 Park Avenue, New York, New York   10017 (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip code)       Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (212) 270-6000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock   The New York Stock Exchange Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.70% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series T   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series AA   The New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing a one-four hundredth interest in a share of 6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series BB   The New York Stock Exchange Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024   NYSE Arca, Inc. Guarantee of Callable Step-Up Fixed Rate Notes due April 26, 2028 of JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC   The New York Stock Exchange Guarantee of Cushing 30 MLP Index ETNs due June 15, 2037 of JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC   NYSE Arca, Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   o   Yes   x   No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or   Section 15(d)   of the Act.   o   Yes   x   No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or   15(d)   of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x   Yes   o   No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   x   Yes   o   No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this   Form 10-K   or any amendment to this   Form 10-K.   x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x   Large accelerated filer o   Accelerated filer o   Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) o   Smaller reporting company o  Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  o   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   o   Yes   x   No The aggregate market value of  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  common stock held by non-affiliates as of  June 30, 2017 :  $319,702,076,316 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of  January 31, 2018 :  3,431,958,491 Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on  May 15, 2018 , are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. Form 10-K Index Part I   Page Item 1. Business . 1   Overview 1   Business segments 1   Competition 1   Supervision and regulation 1   Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity; interest rates and interest differentials 278   Return on equity and assets 38, 277, 278   Securities portfolio 290   Loan portfolio 99–116, 211–230,  291–296   Summary of loan and lending-related commitments loss experience 117–119, 231–235,  297–298   Deposits 248,299   Short-term and other borrowed funds 300 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 8–26 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 26 Item 2. Properties. 27 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 27 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 27       Part II     Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 28 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 28 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 28 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 28 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 29 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 29 Item 9B. Other Information. 29       Part III     Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 30 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 31 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 31 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 31 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 31       Part IV     Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 32-35 Part I Item 1. Business. Overview JPMorgan Chase & Co.   (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”),  a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States of America  (“U.S.”) , with operations worldwide; the Firm had  $2.5 trillion  in assets and  $255.7 billion  in stockholders’ equity as of   December 31, 2017 .  The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S. and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. JPMorgan Chase’s principal bank subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in  23  states, and Chase Bank USA, National Association (“Chase Bank USA, N.A.”), a national banking association that is the Firm’s principal credit card-issuing bank. JPMorgan Chase’s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMorgan Securities”), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm’s principal operating subsidiary in the  U.K.  is J.P. Morgan Securities plc, a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  The Firm’s website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorgan Chase makes available free of charge, through its website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes such material to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. The Firm has adopted, and posted on its website, a Code of Conduct for all employees of the Firm and a Code of Ethics for its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and all other professionals of the Firm worldwide serving in a finance, accounting, tax or investor relations role. Business segments JPMorgan Chase’s activities are organized, for management reporting purposes, into  four  major reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate   segment. The Firm’s consumer business is the Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”) segment. The Firm’s wholesale business segments are Corporate & Investment Bank (“CIB”), Commercial Banking (“CB”), and Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”). A description of the Firm’s business segments and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases is provided in the “Business segment results” section    of Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”), beginning on page  40  and in Note  31 . Competition JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries and affiliates operate in a highly competitive environment. Competitors include other banks, brokerage firms, investment banking companies, merchant banks, hedge funds, commodity trading companies, private equity firms, insurance companies, mutual fund companies, investment managers, credit card companies, mortgage banking companies, trust companies, securities processing companies, automobile financing companies, leasing companies, e-commerce and other Internet-based companies, financial technology companies, and other companies engaged in providing similar products and services. The Firm’s businesses generally compete on the basis of the quality and variety of the Firm’s products and services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. Competition also varies based on the types of clients, customers, industries and geographies served. With respect to some of its geographies and products, JPMorgan Chase competes globally; with respect to others, the Firm competes on a national or regional basis. The Firm’s ability to compete also depends on its ability to attract and retain professional and other personnel, and on its reputation. It is likely that competition in the financial services industry will continue to be intense as the Firm’s businesses compete with other financial institutions that may have a stronger local presence in certain geographies or that operate under different rules and regulatory regimes than the Firm, or with companies that provide new or innovative products or services that the Firm does not provide. Supervision and regulation The Firm is  subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., as well as the applicable laws of each of the various jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which  the Firm  does business.   The Firm has experienced an extended period of significant change in regulation which has had and could continue to have significant consequences for how the Firm conducts business in the U.S. and abroad. The Firm devotes substantial resources to complying with existing and new laws, rules and regulations, while, at the same time, endeavoring to best meet the needs and expectations of its customers, clients and shareholders. As a result of legislative and regulatory changes and expanded supervision, the Firm has implemented and refined policies, procedures and controls, and made adjustments to its business and operations, legal entity structure, and capital and liquidity management. The combined effect of numerous rule-makings by multiple governmental agencies and regulators, and the potential conflicts or inconsistencies among such rules, continue to present challenges and risks to the Firm’s business and operations.      1 Part I Because regulatory changes are ongoing, the Firm cannot currently quantify all of the possible effects on its business and operations of the significant changes that are underway. For more information, see Risk Factors on  pages 8–26 . Financial holding company: Consolidated supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) . As a bank holding company (“BHC”) and a financial holding company, JPMorgan Chase is subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve acts as an “umbrella regulator” and certain of JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiaries are regulated directly by additional regulatory authorities based on the particular activities of those subsidiaries. For example, JPMorgan Chase’s national bank subsidiaries, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A., are subject to supervision and regulation by the  Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”)  and, with respect to certain matters, by the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”).  Certain non-bank  subsidiaries, such as  the Firm’s  U.S. broker-dealers, are subject to supervision and regulation by the  SEC, and subsidiaries of the Firm that engage in  certain futures-related and swaps-related activities   are subject to supervision and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”). J.P. Morgan Securities plc, is a U.K. bank licensed within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) to undertake all banking activity and is regulated by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”), a subsidiary of the Bank of England which has responsibility for prudential regulation of banks and other systemically important institutions, and by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), which regulates conduct matters for all market participants.  The Firm’s  other non-U.S. subsidiaries are regulated by the banking and securities regulatory authorities in the countries in which they operate. See Securities and broker-dealer regulation, Investment management regulation and Derivatives regulation below. In addition,  the Firm’s  consumer activities are subject to supervision and regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”)   and to regulation under various state statutes which are enforced by the respective state’s Attorney General.   Scope of permissible business activities.  The Bank Holding Company Act generally restricts BHCs from engaging in business activities other than the business of banking and certain closely-related activities. Financial holding companies generally can engage in a broader range of financial activities than are otherwise permissible for BHCs,   including underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities, and making merchant banking investments in non-financial companies.   The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit a financial holding company’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities if the financial holding company or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet the applicable eligibility    requirements (including requirements that the   financial holding company and each of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries maintain their status as “well-capitalized” and “well-managed”).   The Federal Reserve may also impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements on the financial holding company and may, for example, require divestiture of the holding company’s depository institutions if the deficiencies persist. Federal regulations also provide that if any depository institution controlled by a financial holding company fails to maintain a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act, the Federal Reserve must prohibit the financial holding company and its subsidiaries from engaging in any activities other than those permissible for bank holding companies. In addition, a financial holding company must obtain Federal Reserve approval before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both in the U.S. and internationally, as further described under Regulation of acquisitions below.   Activities restrictions under the Volcker Rule.  Section 619 (the “Volcker Rule”) of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) prohibits banking entities, including  the Firm , from engaging in certain “proprietary trading” activities, subject to exceptions for underwriting, market-making, risk-mitigating hedging and certain other activities. In addition, the Volcker Rule limits the sponsorship of, and investment in, “covered funds” (as defined by the Volcker Rule) and imposes limits on certain transactions between  the Firm  and its sponsored funds (see JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiary banks — Restrictions on transactions with affiliates below). The period during which banking entities were required to bring covered funds into conformance with the Volcker Rule ended on July 21, 2017. The Volcker Rule requires banking entities to establish comprehensive compliance programs reasonably designed to help ensure and monitor compliance with the restrictions under the Volcker Rule, including, in order to distinguish permissible from impermissible risk-taking activities, the measurement, monitoring and reporting of certain key metrics. Capital and liquidity requirements.  The Federal Reserve establishes capital and leverage requirements for  the Firm  and evaluates its compliance with such requirements. The OCC establishes similar capital and leverage requirements for  the Firm’s  national banking subsidiaries . For more information about the applicable requirements relating to risk-based capital and leverage, see Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91  and Note  26 .  Under Basel III, bank holding companies and banks are required to measure their liquidity against two specific liquidity tests: the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”). In the U.S., the final LCR rule (“U.S. LCR”) became effective on January 1, 2015. In April 2016, the U.S. banking regulators issued a proposed rule for NSFR, but no final rule has been issued.  For additional information on LCR, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 92–97 .  On December 19, 2016, the Federal Reserve published final U.S. LCR public disclosure requirements. Beginning in the second quarter of 2017,  the Firm  began disclosing its  2     consolidated LCR pursuant to the U.S. LCR rule.   On September 8, 2016, the Federal Reserve published the framework that will apply to the setting of the countercyclical capital buffer. The Federal Reserve reviews the amount of this buffer at least annually, and on December 1, 2017, the Federal Reserve reaffirmed setting this buffer at 0%.   Banking supervisors globally continue to consider refinements and enhancements to the Basel III capital framework for financial institutions. On December 7, 2017, the Basel Committee issued Basel III: Finalizing post-crisis reforms (“Basel III Reforms”), which seeks to reduce excessive variability in RWA and converge capital requirements between Standardized and Advanced approaches. The Basel III Reforms include revisions to both the standardized and internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, streamlining of the available approaches under the credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”) framework, a revised approach for operational risk, revisions to the measurement and calibration of the leverage ratio, and a capital floor based on 72.5% of the revised Standardized approaches. The Basel Committee expects national regulatory authorities to implement the Basel III Reforms in the laws of their respective jurisdictions and to require banking organizations subject to such laws to meet most of the revised requirements by January 1, 2022, with certain elements being phased in through January 1, 2027.   U.S. banking regulators will now propose requirements applicable to U.S. financial institutions.   Stress tests.  The Federal Reserve has adopted supervisory stress tests for large bank holding companies, including JPMorgan Chase, which form part of the Federal Reserve’s annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) framework. Under the framework,  the Firm  must conduct semi-annual company-run stress tests and, in addition, must submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate stress tests designed by  the Firm  and the Federal Reserve. In reviewing  the Firm’s  capital plan, the Federal Reserve considers both quantitative and qualitative factors. Qualitative assessments include, among other things, the comprehensiveness of the plan, the assumptions and analysis underlying the plan, and the extent to which  the Firm  has satisfied certain supervisory matters related to  the Firm’s  processes and analyses, including the design and operational effectiveness of the controls governing such processes. Moreover,  the Firm  is required to receive a notice of non-objection from the Federal Reserve before taking capital actions, such as paying dividends, implementing common equity repurchase programs or redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments. The OCC requires JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to perform separate, similar annual stress tests.  The Firm  publishes each year the results of its mid-cycle stress tests under  the Firm’s  internally-developed “severely adverse” scenario and the results of its (and its two primary subsidiary banks’) annual stress tests under the supervisory “severely adverse” scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve and the OCC.  The Firm  is required to file its 2018 annual CCAR submission on April 5,    2018. Results will be published by the Federal Reserve by June 30, 2018, with disclosures of results by BHCs, including  the Firm,  to follow within 15 days. The mid-cycle capital stress test submissions are due on October 5, 2018 and BHCs, including  the Firm , will publish results by November 4, 2018.   For additional information on the Firm’s CCAR, see Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91 .  In December 2017, the Federal Reserve released a set of proposals intended to provide more detailed disclosure and transparency concerning the Federal Reserve’s approach, design and governance of the supervisory stress testing process. The proposals were open for public comment through January 22, 2018.   Enhanced prudential standards.  The Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”), among other things, recommends prudential standards and reporting and disclosure requirements to the Federal Reserve for systemically important financial institutions (“SIFIs”), such as JPMorgan Chase. The Federal Reserve has adopted several rules to implement the heightened prudential standards, including final rules relating to risk management and corporate governance of subject BHCs. BHCs with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets are required to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, and their boards of directors are required to conduct appropriate oversight of their risk management activities.  For information on liquidity measures, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 92–97 . Orderly liquidation authority and resolution and recovery.  As  a BHC with assets of $50 billion or more,  the Firm  is required to submit periodically to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a plan for resolution under the Bankruptcy Code in the event of material distress or failure (a “resolution plan”).   On December 19, 2017, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC announced joint determinations on the 2017 resolution plans of eight systemically important domestic banking institutions, including that of JPMorgan Chase, and extended the filing deadline for the next resolution plan for each of these entities until July 1, 2019.   The agencies determined that JPMorgan Chase’s 2017 resolution plan did not have any “deficiencies,” which are weaknesses severe enough to trigger a resubmission process that could result in more stringent requirements, or any “shortcomings,” which are less-severe weaknesses that would need to be addressed in the next resolution plan.  For more information about the Firm’s resolution plan, see Risk Factors on  pages 8–26 .  Certain financial companies, including JPMorgan Chase and certain of its subsidiaries, can also be subjected to resolution under an “orderly liquidation authority.” The U.S. Treasury Secretary, in consultation with the President of the United States, must first make certain extraordinary financial distress and systemic risk determinations, and action must be recommended by the FDIC and the Federal Reserve. Absent such actions,  the Firm , as a BHC, would remain subject to resolution under the Bankruptcy Code. In December 2013, the FDIC issued a draft policy statement      3 Part I describing its “single point of entry” strategy for resolution of systemically important financial institutions under the orderly liquidation authority. This strategy seeks to keep operating subsidiaries of the BHC open and impose losses on shareholders and creditors of the holding company in receivership according to their statutory order of priority.  For further information see Risk Factors on  pages 8–26 . The FDIC also requires each insured depository institution (“IDI”) with $50 billion or more in assets, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A., to provide an IDI resolution plan. The Firm has a comprehensive recovery plan detailing the actions it would take to avoid failure by remaining well-capitalized and well-funded in the case of an adverse event. JPMorgan Chase has provided the Federal Reserve with comprehensive confidential supervisory information and analyses about the Firm’s businesses, legal entities and corporate governance and about its crisis management governance, capabilities and available alternatives to generate liquidity and capital in severe market circumstances.  The OCC has published guidelines establishing standards for recovery planning by insured national banks, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. have submitted their recovery plans to the OCC.   In addition, certain of  the Firm’s  non-U.S. subsidiaries are subject to resolution and recovery planning requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate.   Regulators in the U.S. and abroad have proposed and implemented measures designed to address the possibility or perception that large financial institutions, including  the Firm,  may be “too big to fail,” and to provide safeguards so that, if a large financial institution does fail, it can be resolved without the use of public funds. Higher capital surcharges on  global systemically important banks (“GSIBs”),  requirements for certain large bank holding companies to maintain a minimum amount of long-term debt to facilitate orderly resolution of those firms (referred to as Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”)), and the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) protocol relating to the “close-out” of derivatives transactions during the resolution of a large cross-border financial institution, are examples of initiatives to address “too big to fail.”   For further information  on the GSIB framework and TLAC, see Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91  and Risk Factors on  pages 8–26 , and  on the ISDA close-out protocol, see Derivatives regulation below.   Holding company as source of strength for bank subsidiaries . JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to serve as a source of financial strength for its depository institution subsidiaries and to commit resources to support those subsidiaries. This support may be required by the Federal Reserve at times when  the Firm  might otherwise determine not to provide it.   Regulation of acquisitions.  Acquisitions by bank holding companies and their banks are subject to multiple requirements by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. For example, financial holding companies and bank holding companies are required to obtain the approval of the    Federal Reserve before they may acquire more than 5% of the voting shares of an unaffiliated bank. In addition, acquisitions by financial companies are prohibited if, as a result of the acquisition, the total liabilities of the financial company would exceed 10% of the total liabilities of all financial companies. In addition, for certain acquisitions,  the Firm  must provide written notice to the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any company with over $10 billion in assets that is engaged in activities that are “financial in nature.” JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiary banks:   The Firm’s  two principal subsidiary banks, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A., are FDIC-insured national banks regulated by the OCC. As national banks, the activities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. are limited to those specifically authorized under the National Bank Act and related interpretations by the OCC. FDIC deposit insurance.  The FDIC deposit insurance fund provides insurance coverage for certain deposits and is funded through assessments on banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. Changes in the methodology used to calculate such assessments, resulting from the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, significantly increased the assessments that  the Firm’s  bank subsidiaries pay annually to the FDIC. The FDIC instituted a new assessment surcharge on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets greater than $10 billion in order to raise the reserve ratio for the FDIC deposit insurance fund.  FDIC powers upon a bank insolvency.  Upon the insolvency of an insured depository institution, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the FDIC could be appointed as the conservator or receiver under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (“FDIA”).   The FDIC has broad powers to transfer any assets and liabilities without the approval of the institution’s creditors.    Cross-guarantee.  An FDIC-insured depository institution can be held liable for any loss incurred or expected to be incurred by the FDIC if another FDIC-insured institution that is under common control with such institution is in default or is deemed to be “in danger of default” (commonly referred to as “cross-guarantee” liability). An FDIC cross-guarantee claim against a depository institution is generally superior in right of payment to claims of the holding company and its affiliates against such depository institution.   Prompt corrective action and early remediation.  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 requires the relevant federal banking regulator to take “prompt corrective action” with respect to a depository institution if that institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards. While these regulations apply only to banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A., the Federal Reserve is authorized to take appropriate action against the parent BHC, such as  4     JPMorgan Chase & Co., based on the undercapitalized status of any bank subsidiary. In certain instances, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the capital restoration plan for its undercapitalized subsidiary.   OCC Heightened Standards.  The OCC has established guidelines setting forth heightened standards for large banks. The guidelines establish minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework for banks. While the bank can use certain components of the parent company’s risk governance framework, the framework must ensure that the bank’s risk profile is easily distinguished and separate from the parent for risk management purposes. The bank’s board or risk committee is responsible for approving the bank’s risk governance framework, providing active oversight of the bank’s risk-taking activities, and holding management accountable for adhering to the risk governance framework. Restrictions on transactions with affiliates.  The bank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase   (including subsidiaries of those banks)   are subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on extensions of credit to, investments in stock or securities of, and derivatives, securities lending and certain other transactions with, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain other affiliates. These restrictions prevent JPMorgan Chase & Co. and other affiliates from borrowing from   such subsidiaries   unless the loans are secured in specified amounts and comply with certain other requirements. For more information, see Note   25 .  In addition, the Volcker Rule imposes a prohibition on such transactions between any JPMorgan Chase entity and covered funds for which a JPMorgan Chase entity serves as the investment manager, investment advisor, commodity trading advisor or sponsor, as well as, subject to a limited exception, any covered fund controlled by such funds.   Dividend restrictions.  Federal law imposes limitations on the payment of dividends by national banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  and Chase Bank USA, N.A. See Note  25   for the amount of dividends that  the Firm’s principal bank subsidiaries  could pay, at January 1, 2018, to  their respective bank holding companies  without the approval of  their  banking regulators.   In addition to the dividend restrictions described above, the OCC and the Federal Reserve have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends of the  bank subsidiaries they supervise , if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the  bank.  Depositor preference.  Under federal law, the claims of a receiver of an insured depository institution for administrative expense and the claims of holders of U.S. deposit liabilities (including the FDIC and deposits in non-U.S. branches that are dually payable in the U.S. and in a non-U.S. branch) have priority over the claims of other unsecured creditors of the institution, including public noteholders and depositors in non-U.S. branches. As a result, such persons could receive substantially less than the depositors in U.S. offices of the depository institution.   CFPB regulation and supervision, and other consumer regulations.  JPMorgan Chase and its national bank subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A., are subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. These laws include the Truth-in-Lending, Equal Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOA”), Fair Credit Reporting, Fair Debt Collection Practice, Electronic Funds Transfer, Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure (“CARD”) and Home Mortgage Disclosure Acts. The CFPB has authority to impose new disclosure requirements for certain consumer financial products and services. The CFPB’s rule-making efforts have addressed mortgage-related topics, including ability to repay and qualified mortgage standards, mortgage servicing standards, loan originator compensation standards, high-cost mortgage requirements, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requirements, appraisal and escrow standards and requirements for higher-priced mortgages. The CFPB continues to issue informal guidance on a variety of topics (such as the collection of consumer debts and credit card marketing practices). Other areas of focus include sales incentives, pre-authorized electronic funds transfers, “add-on” products, matters involving consumer populations considered vulnerable by the CFPB, credit reporting, and the furnishing of credit scores to individuals. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB has authority to take enforcement actions against firms that offer certain products and services to consumers, including  JPMorgan Chase.  Securities and broker-dealer regulation:  The Firm  conducts securities underwriting, dealing and brokerage activities in the U.S. through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and other non-bank broker-dealer subsidiaries, all of which are subject to regulations of the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the New York Stock Exchange, among others.  The Firm  conducts similar securities activities outside the U.S. subject to local regulatory requirements. In the U.K., those activities are conducted by J.P. Morgan Securities plc, a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and are regulated by the PRA and the FCA. Broker-dealers are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings, publication of research reports, use of customers’ funds, the financing of clients’ purchases, capital structure, record-keeping and retention, and the conduct of their directors, officers and employees.  For information on the net capital of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and the applicable requirements relating to risk-based capital for J.P. Morgan Securities plc, see Broker-dealer regulatory capital on  page 91 .  In addition, rules adopted by the U.S. Department of Labor (“DOL”) have imposed (among other things) a new standard of care applicable to broker-dealers when dealing      5 Part I with customers. For more information see Investment management regulation below.   Investment management regulation:  The Firm’s  asset and wealth management businesses are subject to significant regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world relating to, among other things, the safeguarding and management of client assets, offerings of funds and marketing activities. Certain of  the Firm’s  subsidiaries are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers. As such,  the Firm’s  registered investment advisers are subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as various state securities laws. For information regarding investigations and litigation in connection with disclosures to clients related to proprietary products, see Note   29 . The Firm’s  asset and wealth management businesses continue to be affected by ongoing rule-making and implementation of new regulations.  The DOL’s fiduciary rule, which became effective June 9, 2017, has significantly expanded the universe of persons viewed as investment advice fiduciaries to retirement plans and individual retirement accounts (“IRAs”) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”).   The prohibited transaction exemptions issued in connection with the rule require adherence to “impartial conduct standards” (including a requirement to act in the “best interest” of retirement clients), although compliance with requirements relating to conditions requiring new client contracts, implementation of policies and procedures, websites and other disclosures to both investors and the DOL have been delayed until July 1, 2019. Furthermore, the DOL is performing a review of the rule and the related exemptions in accordance with a February 2017 memorandum from the President. Subject to the outcome of the DOL’s review, it is expected that the rule and related prohibited transaction exemptions will have a significant impact on the fee and compensation practices at financial institutions that offer investment advice to retail retirement clients.   In addition to the impact of the DOL’s fiduciary rule,  the Firm’s  asset and wealth management businesses may be affected by ongoing rule-making and implementation of new regulations by the SEC and certain U.S. states relating to enhanced standards of conduct for broker-dealers and certain other market participants.   In the European Union (“EU”), substantial revisions to the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID II”) became effective across EU member states beginning January 3, 2018. These revisions introduced expanded requirements for a broad range of investment management activities, including product governance, transparency on costs and charges, independent investment advice, inducements, record keeping and client reporting. In addition, final regulations on European Money Market Fund Reform were published in July 2017 and, following an 18-month transition period for existing funds, will implement    new requirements to enhance the liquidity and stability of money market funds in the EU.   Derivatives regulation:  The Firm  is subject to comprehensive regulation of its derivatives businesses. The regulations impose capital and margin requirements (including the collecting and posting of variation margin and initial margin in respect of non-centrally cleared derivatives), require central clearing of standardized over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives, require that certain standardized over-the-counter swaps be traded on regulated trading venues, and provide for reporting of certain mandated information. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the registration of “swap dealers” and “major swap participants” with the CFTC and of “security-based swap dealers” and “major security-based swap participants” with the SEC. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan Ventures Energy Corporation have registered with the CFTC as swap dealers, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc may be required to register with the SEC as security-based swap dealers. As a result of their registration as swap dealers or security-based swap dealers, these entities will be subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to their swap or security-based swap activities, which includes capital requirements, rules regulating their swap activities, rules requiring the collateralization of uncleared swaps, rules regarding segregation of counterparty collateral, business conduct and documentation standards, record-keeping and reporting obligations, and anti-fraud and anti-manipulation requirements. Further, some of the rules for derivatives apply extraterritorially to U.S. firms doing business with clients outside of the U.S., as well as to the overseas activities of non-U.S. subsidiaries of  the Firm  that either deal with U.S. persons or that are guaranteed by U.S. subsidiaries of  the Firm ; however, the full scope of the extra-territorial impact of the U.S. swaps regulation has not been finalized and therefore remains unclear. The effect of these rules may require banking entities, such as  the Firm , to modify the structure of their derivatives businesses and face increased operational and regulatory costs. In the EU, the implementation of the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”) and MiFID II will result in comparable, but not identical, changes to the European regulatory regime for derivatives. The combined effect of the U.S. and EU requirements, and the potential conflicts and inconsistencies between them, present challenges and risks to the structure and operating model of  the Firm’s  derivatives businesses.   The Firm  and other financial institutions have agreed to adhere to the 2015 Universal Resolution Stay Protocol (the “Protocol”) developed by ISDA in response to regulator concerns that the close-out of derivatives and other financial transactions during the resolution of a large cross-border financial institution could impede resolution efforts and potentially destabilize markets. The Protocol provides for the contractual recognition of cross-border stays under  6     various statutory resolution regimes and a contractual stay on certain cross-default rights.   In the U.S., one subsidiary of  the Firm , J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, is registered as a futures commission merchant, and other subsidiaries are either registered with the CFTC as commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors or are exempt from such registration. These CFTC-registered subsidiaries are also members of the National Futures Association.   Data regulation:  The Firm  and its subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and international laws and regulations concerning the use and protection of certain customer, employee and other personal and confidential information, including those imposed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as well as the EU Data Protection Directive. In addition, various U.S. regulators, including the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the SEC, have increased their focus on cybersecurity and data privacy through guidance, examinations and regulations. In May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) will replace the EU Data Protection Directive, and it will have a significant impact on how businesses can collect and process the personal data of EU individuals. In addition, numerous proposals regarding privacy and data protection are pending before U.S. and non-U.S. legislative and regulatory bodies. The Bank Secrecy Act and Economic Sanctions:  The Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) requires all financial institutions, including banks and securities broker-dealers, to, among other things, establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The BSA includes a variety of record-keeping and reporting requirements (such as cash transaction and suspicious activity reporting), as well as due diligence/know your customer documentation requirements. In January 2013,  the Firm  entered into Consent Orders with its banking regulators relating to  the Firm’s  Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering policies, procedures and controls;  the Firm  has taken significant steps to modify and enhance its processes and controls with respect to its Anti-Money Laundering procedures and to remediate the issues identified in the Consent Order.  The Firm  is also subject to the regulations and economic sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”).   Anti-Corruption:  The Firm  is subject to laws and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. In November 2016,  the Firm  entered into a Consent Order with the Federal Reserve to resolve its investigation relating to a former hiring program for candidates referred by clients, potential clients and government officials in the Asia Pacific region.  The Firm  has taken significant steps to modify and enhance its processes and controls with respect    to the hiring of referred candidates and to remediate the issues identified in the Consent Order.   Compensation practices:   The Firm’s  compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve, as well as other agencies. The Federal Reserve has issued guidance jointly with the FDIC and the OCC that is designed to ensure that incentive compensation paid by banking organizations does not encourage imprudent risk-taking that threatens the organizations’ safety and soundness. In addition, under the Dodd-Frank Act, federal regulators, including the Federal Reserve, must issue regulations or guidelines requiring covered financial institutions, including  the Firm , to report the structure of all incentive-based compensation arrangements and prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing compensation that is excessive or that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The Federal Reserve has conducted a review of the incentive compensation policies and practices of a number of large banking institutions, including  the Firm.  The Financial Stability Board has established standards covering compensation principles for banks. In addition, the SEC has issued regulations that will require public companies to start disclosing, beginning with annual shareholder meetings in 2018, the pay ratio between the company’s median employee and the company’s chief executive officer or other principal executive officer in the proxy statement as of December 31, 2017. The Firm’s compensation practices are also subject to regulation and oversight by local regulators in other jurisdictions. In Europe, the Fourth Capital Requirements Directive (“CRD IV”) includes compensation provisions and the European Banking Authority has instituted guidelines on compensation policies which in certain countries, such as the U.K., are implemented or supplemented by further local regulations or guidelines. The implementation of the Federal Reserve’s and other banking regulators’ guidelines regarding compensation are expected to evolve over the next several years, and may affect the manner in which  the Firm  structures its compensation programs and practices.   Significant international regulatory initiatives:   In the EU, there is an extensive and complex program of final and proposed regulatory enhancement that reflects, in part, the EU’s commitments to policies of the Group of Twenty Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors (“G20”) together with other plans specific to the EU. The EU operates a European Systemic Risk Board that monitors financial stability, together with European Supervisory Authorities (“ESA”) that set detailed regulatory rules and encourage supervisory convergence across the EU’s Member States. The EU is currently reviewing the ESA framework. The EU has also created a Single Supervisory Mechanism for the euro-zone, under which the regulation of all banks in that zone will be under the auspices of the European Central Bank, together with a Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution Board, having jurisdiction over bank resolution in the zone. At both the G20 and EU      7 Part I levels, various proposals are under consideration to address risks associated with global financial institutions.     In the EU, this includes EMIR, which requires, among other things, the central clearing of certain standardized derivatives and risk mitigation for uncleared OTC derivatives, and MiFID II, which gives effect to the G20 commitment to move trading of standardized OTC derivatives to exchanges or electronic trading platforms. MiFID II significantly enhances requirements for pre- and post-trade transparency, transaction reporting and investor protection. MiFID II also introduces a commodities position limits and reporting regime. EMIR became effective in 2012, although some requirements apply on a phased basis and certain aspects of the regulation are currently being reviewed. MiFID II became effective across EU Member States on January 3, 2018, after a one-year delay.  The EU is also currently considering or implementing significant revisions to laws covering securities settlement; mutual funds and pensions; payments; anti-money laundering controls; data security and privacy; transparency and disclosure of securities financing transactions; benchmarks; resolution of banks, investment firms and market infrastructures; and capital and liquidity requirements for banks and investment firms. The capital and liquidity legislation for banks and investment firms will implement in the EU many of the finalized Basel III capital and liquidity standards, including in relation to the leverage ratio, market risk capital, and a net stable funding ratio. The legislation also proposes an intermediate parent undertaking (“IPU”) requirement for foreign banks, which will require non-EU banks operating in Europe (with total EU assets greater than EUR30 billion or which are part of a GSIB) to establish a single EU-located IPU. The full impact of the proposal on JPM’s EU operations and legal entities will be heavily influenced by the outcome of the EU legislative process, including whether any flexibility is introduced to the requirement.   Consistent with the G20 and EU policy frameworks, U.K. regulators have adopted a range of policy measures that have significantly changed the markets and prudential regulatory environment in the U.K. In addition, U.K. regulators have introduced measures to enhance accountability of individuals, and promote forward-looking conduct risk identification and mitigation, including by introducing the Senior Managers and Certification Regimes.    On June 23, 2016, the U.K. voted by referendum to leave the European Union. The U.K. government invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on March 29, 2017, starting a two-year period for the formal exit negotiations. This means that the U.K. will leave the EU on March 29, 2019 unless the timeline is unanimously extended by the remaining 27 EU Member States (“EU27”) and the U.K. In December 2017, the EU27 agreed that “sufficient progress” had been made on the terms of the U.K.’s withdrawal to allow parallel talks on the future relationship, which are expected to begin in March 2018. The U.K.’s priorities in negotiating the future relationship are to seek a bilateral free trade agreement    with the EU27 that facilitates the “greatest possible access” to the Single Market. However, the U.K. will not seek to continue its membership in the Single Market. The current EU27 position is that a free trade agreement should be balanced, ambitious and wide-ranging, that the U.K.’s participation in the Single Market or parts thereof must end, and that there will not be any sector-specific carve-outs, such as for financial services. Both the EU27 and the U.K. are open to the idea of a “transitional arrangement.”   The U.K.’s departure from the EU will have a significant impact across  the Firm’s  European businesses, including business and legal entity reorganization, and may lead to direct and indirect changes to EU27 and U.K. regulatory approaches. The situation remains highly uncertain, particularly in relation to whether a transition period is implemented and whether financial services will be included in any future free trade agreement.   Item 1A. Risk Factors.  The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect  JPMorgan Chase ’s financial condition and operations. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Firm. Regulatory JPMorgan Chase’s businesses are highly regulated, and the laws and regulations that apply to JPMorgan Chase have a significant impact on its operations. JPMorgan Chase is a financial services firm with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase must comply with the laws and regulations that apply to its operations in all of the jurisdictions around the world in which it does business. The regulation of financial services activities is typically extensive and comprehensive. In recent years, legislators and regulators adopted a wide range of new laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, both within and outside the U.S. The supervision of financial services firms also expanded significantly during this period. The wave of increased regulation and supervision of JPMorgan Chase has affected the way that it conducts and structures its operations. Existing and new laws and regulations and expanded supervision could require JPMorgan Chase to make further changes to its operations. These changes could result in JPMorgan Chase incurring additional costs for complying with laws and regulations or losing a significant amount of revenue, and could reduce JPMorgan Chase’s profitability. More specifically, existing and new laws and regulations could require JPMorgan Chase to: • limit the products and services that it offers • reduce the liquidity that it can provide through its market-making activities • stop or discourage it from engaging in business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue • recognize losses in the value of assets that it holds 8     • pay higher assessments, levies or other governmental charges • dispose of certain assets, and do so at times or prices that are disadvantageous • impose restrictions on certain business activities, or • increase the prices that it charges for products and services, which could reduce the demand for them. Differences in financial services regulation can be disadvantageous for JPMorgan Chase’s business. The content and application of laws and regulations affecting financial services firms sometimes vary according to factors such as the size of the firm, the jurisdiction in which it is organized or operates, or other criteria. For example: • larger firms are often subject to more stringent supervision and regulation • financial technology companies and other competitors may not be subject to banking regulation, or may be supervised by a national or state regulatory agency that does not have the same resources or regulatory priorities as the regulatory agencies which supervise more diversified financial services firms, or  • the financial services regulatory framework in a particular jurisdiction may favor financial institutions that are based in that country. There can also be significant differences in the ways that similar regulatory initiatives affecting the financial services industry are implemented in the U.S. and in different countries and regions in which JPMorgan Chase does business. For example, legislative and regulatory initiatives within the EU could require JPMorgan Chase to make significant modifications to its operations and legal entity structure in that region in order to comply with those requirements. These include laws and regulations that have been adopted or proposed relating to: • the resolution of financial institutions • the establishment by non-EU financial institutions of intermediate holding companies in the EU • the separation of trading activities from core banking services • mandatory on-exchange trading • position limits and reporting rules for derivatives • governance and accountability regimes • conduct of business requirements, and • restrictions on compensation. These types of differences in financial services regulation, or inconsistencies or conflicts between laws and regulations between different jurisdictions, could require JPMorgan Chase to, among other things:   • divest assets or restructure its operations • absorb increased operational, capital and liquidity costs  • change the prices that it charges for its products and services  • curtail the products and services that it offers to its customers and clients, or  • incur higher costs for complying with different legal and regulatory frameworks.  Any or all of these factors could harm JPMorgan Chase’s ability to compete against other firms that are not subject to the same laws and regulations or supervisory oversight, or harm JPMorgan Chase’s businesses, results of operations and profitability. Governments in some countries in which JPMorgan Chase does business have adopted laws or regulations which require that JPMorgan Chase subsidiaries which operate in those countries maintain minimum amounts of capital or liquidity on a stand-alone basis. Some regulators outside the U.S. have also proposed that large banks which conduct certain businesses in their jurisdictions operate through separate subsidiaries located in those countries. These requirements, and any future laws or regulations that impose restrictions on the way JPMorgan Chase organizes its businesses or increase the capital or liquidity requirements that would apply to JPMorgan Chase subsidiaries, could hinder JPMorgan Chase’s ability to efficiently manage its operations, increase its funding and liquidity costs, and result in lower profitability.  Heightened regulatory scrutiny of JPMorgan Chase’s businesses has increased its compliance costs and could result in restrictions on its operations. JPMorgan Chase’s operations are subject to heightened oversight and scrutiny from regulatory authorities in many jurisdictions where JPMorgan Chase does business. JPMorgan Chase has paid significant fines or provided other monetary relief in connection with resolving several investigations and enforcement actions by governmental agencies. JPMorgan Chase could become subject to similar regulatory settlements or other actions in the future, and addressing the requirements of any such settlement could result in JPMorgan Chase incurring higher operational and compliance costs.  In connection with resolving specific regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, certain regulators have required JPMorgan Chase and other financial institutions to admit wrongdoing with respect to the activities that gave rise to the settlement. These types of admissions can lead to: • greater exposure in civil litigation • damage to reputation • disqualification from doing business with certain clients or customers, or in specific jurisdictions, or     9 Part I • other direct and indirect adverse effects. Furthermore, U.S. government officials have demonstrated a willingness to bring criminal actions against financial institutions and have increasingly demanded that institutions plead guilty to criminal offenses or admit other wrongdoing in connection with resolving regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. In the case of JPMorgan Chase, these resolutions have included: • JPMorgan Chase’s agreement in May 2015 to plead guilty to a single violation of federal antitrust law in connection with its settlements with certain government authorities relating to its foreign exchange sales and trading activities and controls related to those activities, and • the non-prosecution agreement entered into by a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase with the U.S. Department of Justice in November 2016 in connection with settlements to resolve various governmental investigations relating to a former hiring program for candidates referred by clients, potential clients and government officials in the Asia Pacific region.  Resolutions of this type can have significant collateral consequences for the subject financial institution, including loss of clients, customers and business, the inability to offer certain products or services, or losing permission to operate certain businesses, either temporarily or permanently. JPMorgan Chase expects that it and other financial services firms will continue to be subject to expanded regulatory scrutiny and governmental investigations and enforcement actions. JPMorgan Chase also expects that regulators will continue to insist that financial institutions be penalized for actual or deemed violations of law with formal and punitive enforcement actions, including the imposition of significant monetary and other sanctions, rather than resolving these matters through informal supervisory actions. Furthermore, if JPMorgan Chase fails to meet the requirements of any governmental settlements and other actions to which it is subject, or to maintain risk and control processes that meet the heightened standards established by its regulators, it could be required to, among other things: • enter into further orders and settlements • pay additional regulatory fines, penalties or judgments, or • accept material regulatory restrictions on, or changes in the management of, its businesses. The extent of JPMorgan Chase’s exposure to legal and regulatory matters can be unpredictable and could, in some cases, exceed the amount of reserves that JPMorgan Chase has established for those matters. Requirements for the orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase could result in JPMorgan Chase having to restructure or reorganize its businesses. JPMorgan Chase is required under the Dodd-Frank Act and Federal Reserve and FDIC rules to prepare and submit    periodically to those agencies a detailed plan for rapid and orderly resolution in bankruptcy without extraordinary government support, in the event of material financial distress or failure. The agencies’ evaluation of the Firm’s resolution plan may change, and the requirements for resolution plans may be modified from time to time. Any such determinations or modifications could result in JPMorgan Chase making changes to its legal entity structure or to certain internal or external activities that could increase funding or operational costs. If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were to determine that  a future resolution plan submitted by JPMorgan Chase has deficiencies, they could jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on JPMorgan Chase’s growth, activities or operations. After two years, if the deficiencies are not cured, the agencies could also require that JPMorgan Chase restructure, reorganize or divest assets or businesses in ways that could materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s operations and strategy.   Holders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s debt and equity securities will absorb losses if it were to enter into a resolution. Federal Reserve rules require that JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “holding company”) maintain minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity with specific terms (“eligible LTD”) for purposes of recapitalizing JPMorgan Chase’s operating subsidiaries if the holding company were to enter into a resolution either: • in a bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or  • in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title II”). If the holding company were to enter into a resolution, holders of eligible LTD and other debt and equity securities of the holding company will absorb the losses of the holding company and its affiliates. The preferred “single point of entry” strategy under JPMorgan Chase’s resolution plan contemplates that only the holding company would enter bankruptcy proceedings. JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiaries would be recapitalized as needed so that they could continue normal operations or subsequently be divested or wound down in an orderly manner. As a result, the holding company’s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of the holding company’s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible LTD and other debt securities. Claims of holders of those securities would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the holding company.  Accordingly, in a resolution of the holding company in bankruptcy, holders of eligible LTD and other debt securities of the holding company would realize value only to the  10     extent available to the holding company as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of the holding company have been fully repaid. The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalization model could be a desirable strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as the holding company, under Title II. However, the FDIC has not, to date, formally adopted a single point of entry resolution strategy. If the holding company were to enter into a resolution, none of the holding company, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow JPMorgan Chase’s preferred strategy, and losses to holders of eligible LTD and other debt and equity securities of the holding company, under whatever strategy is ultimately followed, could be greater. Political Political developments can cause uncertainty concerning the regulatory environment in which JPMorgan Chase operates its businesses. Recent elections and referendums in the U.S. and abroad have introduced uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment in which JPMorgan Chase and other financial services firms will operate in the future. For example, the U.K.’s planned departure from the EU has engendered significant uncertainty concerning the regulatory framework under which global financial services institutions, including JPMorgan Chase, will need to conduct their business in the U.K. and the EU. Depending on the nature of the arrangements agreed between the U.K. and the EU, including with respect to the ability of financial services companies to engage in business in the EU from legal entities organized in or operating from the U.K., JPMorgan Chase may need to make significant changes to its legal entity structure and operations and the locations in which it operates. These types of structural and operational changes could result in JPMorgan Chase needing to implement an operating model across its European legal entities that is less efficient or cost-effective.  The result of an election may suggest that the new administration will ease the regulatory requirements that apply to financial services firms. However, it is equally possible that the potential for reduced regulation does not occur or is reversed by another regulator or by a subsequent administration, or that deregulation measures that are ultimately enacted deliver significant competitive advantages to financial services firms that are structured differently or serve different markets than JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase cannot predict political developments of this nature, or whether they will have favorable or unfavorable long-term effects on its businesses. Economic uncertainty caused by political developments can hurt JPMorgan Chase’s businesses. The economic environment and market conditions in which JPMorgan Chase operates continue to be uncertain due to    recent political developments in the U.S. and abroad. Certain policy proposals, including isolationist foreign policies, protectionist trade policies or the possible withdrawal or reduction of government support for GSEs, could cause a contraction in U.S. and global economic growth and higher volatility in the financial markets. These types of political developments could, among other things: • erode investor confidence in the U.S. economy and financial markets • heighten concerns about whether the U.S. government will be funded, and its outstanding debt serviced, at any particular time, and  • undermine the status of the U.S. dollar as a safe haven currency. These factors could lead to greater market volatility, large-scale sales of U.S. government debt and other U.S. debt and equity securities, the widening of credit spreads and other market dislocations. Any of these potential outcomes could cause JPMorgan Chase to suffer losses in its investment securities portfolio, reduce its capital levels, hamper its ability to deliver products and services to its clients and customers, and weaken its results of operations. Political developments in other parts of the world have also led to uncertainty in global economic conditions, including: • concerns about the capabilities and intentions of the government of North Korea, and • regional hostilities, and political or social upheavals, in other parts of the world. JPMorgan Chase’s results of operations can be adversely affected by the uncertainty arising from significant political developments and any market volatility or disruption that results from that uncertainty. The positive impact of U.S. tax reform legislation on JPMorgan Chase may diminish over time.  The long-term impact of the tax reform legislation recently enacted in the U.S. on JPMorgan Chase and the U.S. economy is not yet known. While the tax reform will have a positive impact on JPMorgan Chase’s net income, the competitive environment and other factors will influence the extent to which these benefits are retained by JPMorgan Chase over the longer term. In addition, the specific impact on JPMorgan Chase’s businesses, products and geographies may vary. Market JPMorgan Chase’s businesses are materially affected by economic and market conditions. JPMorgan Chase’s results of operations can be negatively affected by adverse changes in any of the following: • the liquidity in the U.S. and global financial markets • the level and volatility of market prices and rates, including those for debt and equity instruments,      11 Part I currencies, commodities, interest rates and other market indices • investor, consumer and business sentiment • events that reduce confidence in the financial markets • inflation and unemployment • the availability and cost of capital and credit • the economic effects of natural disasters, severe weather conditions, health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks, outbreaks of hostilities, terrorism or other geopolitical instabilities • monetary and fiscal policies and actions taken by governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve and other central banks, and  • the health of the U.S. and global economies. JPMorgan Chase’s consumer businesses are particularly affected by U.S. domestic economic conditions, including: • U.S. interest rates • the rate of unemployment • housing prices • the level of consumer confidence • changes in consumer spending, and • the number of personal bankruptcies. Sustained low growth in the U.S. economy could diminish customer demand for the products and services offered by JPMorgan Chase’s consumer businesses. It could also increase the cost to provide those products and services. Adverse economic conditions could also lead to an increase in delinquencies in mortgage, credit card, auto and other loans and higher net charge-offs, which can reduce JPMorgan Chase’s earnings. These consequences could be significantly worse in certain geographies where high levels of unemployment have resulted from declining industrial or manufacturing activity.  JPMorgan Chase’s earnings from its consumer businesses could also be adversely affected by changes in government policies that affect consumers, including those relating to medical insurance, immigration and employment status, as well as governmental policies aimed at the economy more broadly, such as infrastructure spending and global trade, which could result in, among other things, higher inflation or reductions in consumer disposable income. In JPMorgan Chase’s wholesale businesses, market and economic factors can affect the volume of transactions that JPMorgan Chase executes for its clients and, therefore, the revenue that JPMorgan Chase receives from those transactions. These factors can also influence the willingness of other financial institutions and investors to participate in capital markets transactions that JPMorgan Chase manages, such as loan syndications or securities underwritings. Furthermore, if a significant and sustained    deterioration in market conditions were to occur, the profitability of JPMorgan Chase’s capital markets businesses could be reduced to the extent that those businesses: • earn less fee revenue due to lower transaction volumes, including when clients are unwilling or unable to refinance their outstanding debt obligations in unfavorable market conditions • dispose of portions of credit commitments, such as loan syndications or securities underwritings, at a loss, or • hold larger residual positions in credit commitments that cannot be sold at favorable prices. JPMorgan Chase’s investment securities portfolio and market-making positions can suffer losses due to adverse economic, market and political events and conditions. JPMorgan Chase generally maintains positions in various fixed income instruments in its investment securities portfolio, and positions in various fixed income, currency, commodity, credit and equity instruments as part of its market-making activities. Market-making positions are intended to facilitate demand from JPMorgan Chase’s clients for these instruments and to provide liquidity for clients. The value of the positions that JPMorgan Chase holds can be significantly affected by factors such as:  • JPMorgan Chase’s ability to effectively hedge market and other risks on its positions • volatility in interest rates and debt, equity and commodities markets • changes in interest rates and credit spreads, and • the availability of liquidity in the capital markets. All of these are affected by global economic, market and political events and conditions, as well as regulatory restrictions on market-making activities. JPMorgan Chase’s investment securities portfolio and market-making businesses can also suffer losses due to unanticipated market events, including: • severe declines in asset values • unexpected credit events • unforeseen events or conditions that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated (and vice versa), or • other market risks that may not have been appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a financial instrument. If JPMorgan Chase experiences significant losses in its investment securities portfolio or from market-making activities, this could reduce JPMorgan Chase’s profitability and its capital levels, and thereby constrain the growth of its businesses. 12     JPMorgan Chase’s asset and wealth management and custody businesses may earn lower fee revenue during adverse macroeconomic conditions. The fees that JPMorgan Chase earns from managing third-party assets or holding assets in custody for clients could be diminished by declining asset values or other adverse macroeconomic conditions. For example, higher interest rates or a downturn in financial markets could affect the valuations of the client assets that JPMorgan Chase manages or holds in custody, which, in turn, could affect JPMorgan Chase’s revenue from fees that are based on the amount of assets under management or custody. Similarly, adverse macroeconomic or market conditions could prompt outflows from JPMorgan Chase funds or accounts, or cause clients to invest in products that generate lower revenue. Substantial and unexpected withdrawals from a JPMorgan Chase fund can also hamper the investment performance of the fund, particularly if the outflows create the need for the fund to dispose of fund assets at disadvantageous times or prices, and could lead to further withdrawals based on the weaker investment performance. Changes in interest rates and credit spreads can adversely affect certain of JPMorgan Chase’s revenue and income streams.  JPMorgan Chase can generally be expected to earn higher net interest income when interest rates are high or increasing. However, higher interest rates can also lead to: • fewer originations of commercial and residential loans • lower returns on JPMorgan Chase’s investment securities portfolio, and • the loss of deposits to the extent that JPMorgan Chase makes incorrect assumptions about depositor behavior. All of these outcomes could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s revenues and capital levels. Higher interest rates can also negatively affect the payment performance on loans within JPMorgan Chase’s consumer and wholesale loan portfolios that are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans are unable to afford higher interest payments, those borrowers may reduce or stop making payments, thereby causing JPMorgan Chase to incur losses and increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans.  On the other hand, a low interest rate environment may cause JPMorgan Chase’s net interest margins to be compressed, which could reduce: • the amounts that JPMorgan Chase earns on its investment securities portfolio to the extent that it is unable to reinvest contemporaneously in higher-yielding instruments, and • the value of JPMorgan Chase’s mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) asset, thereby reducing its net interest income and other revenues. When credit spreads widen, it becomes more expensive for JPMorgan Chase to borrow. JPMorgan Chase’s credit spreads    may widen or narrow not only in response to events and circumstances that are specific to JPMorgan Chase but also as a result of general economic and geopolitical events and conditions. Changes in JPMorgan Chase’s credit spreads will affect, positively or negatively, JPMorgan Chase’s earnings on certain liabilities, such as derivatives, that are recorded at fair value.  High market volatility can impact JPMorgan Chase’s markets businesses. While JPMorgan Chase’s markets businesses may earn higher flow revenue during periods of elevated market volatility, sudden and significant volatility in the prices of securities, loans, derivatives and other instruments can: • curtail the trading markets for those instruments • make it difficult to sell or hedge those instruments • increase JPMorgan Chase’s funding costs, or • adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s profitability, capital or liquidity. The Federal Reserve has observed that market volatility may be exacerbated by regulatory restrictions. It noted that market participants that are subject to the Volcker Rule are likely to decrease their market-making activities, and thereby constrain market liquidity, during periods of market stress. Furthermore, market participants that are not required to hold substantial amounts of capital may retreat more quickly from volatile markets, which could further reduce market liquidity.  In a difficult or less liquid market environment, JPMorgan Chase’s risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be attempting to use the same or similar strategies. In these circumstances, it may be difficult for JPMorgan Chase to reduce its risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations.  Sustained volatility in the financial markets may also negatively affect consumer or investor confidence, which could lead to lower client activity and reduce JPMorgan Chase’s revenues. Credit JPMorgan Chase can be adversely affected by the financial condition of its clients, customers and counterparties. JPMorgan Chase routinely executes transactions with brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, investment managers and other types of financial institutions. Many of these transactions expose JPMorgan Chase to the credit risk of its clients and counterparties, and can involve JPMorgan Chase in disputes and litigation in the event that a client or counterparty defaults. JPMorgan Chase can also be subject to losses or liability where a financial institution that it has appointed to      13 Part I provide custody services for assets of JPMorgan Chase’s clients becomes insolvent. Disputes may arise with counterparties to derivatives contracts with regard to the terms, the settlement procedures or the value of underlying collateral. The disposition of those disputes could cause JPMorgan Chase to incur unexpected transaction, operational and legal costs, or result in credit losses. These consequences can also impair JPMorgan Chase’s ability to effectively manage its credit risk exposure from its market activities. JPMorgan Chase’s markets businesses can be harmed by the insolvency of a significant market participant. The failure of a significant market participant, or concerns about the creditworthiness of such a firm, can have a cascading effect within the financial markets. JPMorgan Chase’s markets businesses could be significantly disrupted by such an event, particularly if it leads to other market participants incurring significant losses, experiencing liquidity issues or defaulting. JPMorgan Chase’s clearing services business is exposed to the risk of client or counterparty default. As part of its clearing services activities, JPMorgan Chase is a member of various central counterparty clearinghouses (“CCPs”). In the event that another member of such an organization defaults on its obligations to the CCP, JPMorgan Chase may be required to pay a portion of any losses incurred by the CCP as a result of that default. As a clearing member, JPMorgan Chase is also exposed to the risk of non-performance by its clients, which it seeks to mitigate by requiring clients to provide adequate collateral. JPMorgan Chase is exposed to intra-day credit risk of its clients in connection with providing cash management, clearing, custodial and other transaction services to those clients. If a client for which JPMorgan Chase provides these services becomes bankrupt or insolvent, JPMorgan Chase may incur losses, become involved in disputes and litigation with one or more CCPs, the client’s bankruptcy estate and other creditors, or be subject to regulatory investigations. All of the foregoing events can increase JPMorgan Chase’s operational and litigation costs, and JPMorgan Chase may suffer losses to the extent that any collateral that it has received is insufficient to cover those losses. JPMorgan Chase may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions. During periods of market stress or illiquidity, JPMorgan Chase’s credit risk may be further increased when JPMorgan Chase cannot realize the fair value of the collateral held by it or when collateral is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative or other exposure due to it. Furthermore, disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral may increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and JPMorgan Chase could suffer losses during these periods if it is unable to realize the fair value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral.   JPMorgan Chase could incur significant losses arising from concentrations of credit and market risk. JPMorgan Chase is exposed to greater credit and market risk to the extent that groupings of its clients or counterparties: • engage in similar businesses • do business in the same geographic region, or • have business profiles, models or strategies that could cause their ability to meet their obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions.  For example, a significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of JPMorgan Chase’s borrowers or counterparties could lead to concerns about the creditworthiness of other borrowers or counterparties in similar, related or dependent industries. This type of interrelationship could exacerbate JPMorgan Chase’s credit and market risk exposure and potentially cause it to incur losses, including fair value losses in its trading businesses.  Similarly, challenging economic conditions that affect a particular industry or geographic area could lead to concerns about the credit quality of JPMorgan Chase’s borrowers or counterparties not only in that particular industry or geography but in related or dependent industries, wherever located. These conditions could also heighten concerns about the ability of customers of JPMorgan Chase’s consumer businesses who live in those areas or work in those affected industries or related or dependent industries to meet their obligations to JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase regularly monitors various segments of its credit and market risk exposures to assess the potential risks of concentration or contagion, but its efforts to diversify or hedge its exposures against those risks may not be successful. JPMorgan Chase’s consumer businesses can also be harmed by an excessive, industry-wide expansion of consumer credit. For example, heightened competition among financial institutions for certain types of consumer loans, including credit card, mortgage, auto or other loans, could prompt significant reductions in the pricing of those loans and thereby decrease their profitability, or result in loans being extended to less-creditworthy borrowers. If large numbers of consumers subsequently default on their loans, whether due to weak credit profiles, an economic downturn or other factors, this could impair their ability to repay obligations owed to JPMorgan Chase and result in higher charge-offs and other credit-related losses. More broadly, widespread defaults on consumer debt could lead to recessionary conditions in the U.S. economy, and JPMorgan Chase’s consumer businesses may earn lower revenues in such an environment. Disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets could cause JPMorgan Chase to be unable to sell, syndicate or realize the value of its positions in various debt instruments, loans, derivatives and other obligations, and thereby lead to increased risk concentrations. If JPMorgan  14     Chase is unable to reduce positions effectively during a market dislocation, this can increase both the market and credit risks associated with those positions and the level of risk-weighted assets (“RWA”) that JPMorgan Chase holds on its balance sheet. These factors could increase JPMorgan Chase’s capital requirements and funding costs and adversely affect the profitability of JPMorgan Chase’s businesses. Liquidity Liquidity is critical to JPMorgan Chase’s ability to fund and operate its businesses.  JPMorgan Chase’s liquidity could be impaired at any given time by factors such as: • market-wide illiquidity or disruption • unforeseen cash or capital requirements • inability to sell assets, or to sell assets at favorable times or prices • default by a CCP or other significant market participant • unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral, and • lack of market or customer confidence in JPMorgan Chase or financial institutions in general.  A diminution of JPMorgan Chase’s liquidity may be caused by events over which it has little or no control. For example, during the 2008-2009 financial crisis, periods of low investor confidence and significant market illiquidity resulted in higher funding costs for JPMorgan Chase and limited its access to some of its traditional sources of liquidity, including securitized debt issuances. There is no assurance that severe conditions of this type will not occur in the future. JPMorgan Chase may need to raise funding from alternative sources if its access to stable and lower-cost sources of funding, such as bank deposits and borrowings from Federal Home Loan Banks, is reduced. Alternative sources of funding could be more expensive or limited in availability. JPMorgan Chase’s funding costs could also be negatively affected by actions that JPMorgan Chase may take in order to: • satisfy applicable liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements • continue to satisfy requirements under the TLAC rules concerning the amount of eligible LTD that JPMorgan Chase must have outstanding • address obligations under its resolution plan, or • satisfy regulatory requirements in countries outside the U.S. relating to the pre-positioning of liquidity in subsidiaries that are material legal entities. More generally, if JPMorgan Chase fails to effectively manage its liquidity, this could constrain its ability to fund or invest in its businesses, and thereby adversely affect its results of operations.   JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company and depends on the cash flows of its subsidiaries to make payments on its outstanding securities. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company that holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and an intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC (the “IHC”). The IHC in turn holds the stock of substantially all of JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiaries other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. The IHC also owns other assets and intercompany indebtedness owing to the holding company.  The holding company is obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds received from securities issuances (including issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common stock). The ability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC to make payments to the holding company is also limited. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to restrictions on its dividend distributions, as well as capital adequacy and liquidity requirements and other regulatory restrictions on its ability to make payments to the holding company. The IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the holding company if certain capital or liquidity “thresholds” are breached or if limits are otherwise imposed by JPMorgan Chase’s management or Board of Directors.  As a result of these arrangements, the ability of the holding company to make various payments is dependent on its receiving dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and extensions of credit from the IHC. These limitations could affect the holding company’s ability to: • pay interest on its debt securities • pay dividends on its equity securities • redeem or repurchase outstanding securities, and • fulfill its other payment obligations. Collectively, these regulatory restrictions and limitations could significantly limit the holding company’s ability to pay dividends and satisfy its debt and other obligations. They could also result in the holding company seeking protection under bankruptcy laws at a time earlier than would have been the case absent the existence of those thresholds. Reductions in JPMorgan Chase’s credit ratings may adversely affect its liquidity and cost of funding. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain of its principal subsidiaries are rated by credit rating agencies. Rating agencies evaluate both general and firm- and industry-specific factors when determining their credit ratings for a particular financial institution, including: • economic and geopolitical trends  • regulatory developments  • expected future profitability      15 Part I • risk management practices • legal expenses • assumptions about government support, and  • ratings differentials between bank holding companies and their bank and non-bank subsidiaries. JPMorgan Chase closely monitors and manages, to the extent that it is able, factors that could influence its credit ratings. However, there is no assurance that JPMorgan Chase’s credit ratings will not be lowered in the future. Furthermore, any such downgrade could occur at times of broader market instability when JPMorgan Chase’s options for responding to events may be more limited and general investor confidence is low. A reduction in JPMorgan Chase’s credit ratings could curtail JPMorgan Chase’s business activities and reduce its profitability in a number of ways, including by: • reducing access to capital markets  • materially increasing the cost of issuing and servicing securities  • triggering additional collateral or funding requirements, and  • decreasing the number of investors and counterparties that are willing or permitted to do business with or lend to JPMorgan Chase. Any rating reduction could also increase the credit spreads charged by the market for taking credit risk on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. This could, in turn, adversely affect the value of debt and other obligations of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Regulation and reform of benchmarks could have adverse consequences on securities and other instruments that are linked to those benchmarks. Interest rate, equity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be fully anticipated.  Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks could also increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of benchmarks and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks.   On July 27, 2017, the Chief Executive of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”), announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. This announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021, and it appears likely that LIBOR will be discontinued or modified by 2021. Any of the these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the manner of administration of benchmarks, could result in adverse consequences to the return on, value of and market for securities and other instruments whose returns are linked to any such benchmark, including those issued by JPMorgan Chase or its subsidiaries. Operational JPMorgan Chase’s businesses are highly dependent on the effectiveness of its operational systems and those of other market participants. JPMorgan Chase’s businesses rely comprehensively on the ability of JPMorgan Chase’s financial, accounting, trading, data processing and other operational systems to process, record, monitor and report a large number of transactions on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately and quickly. In addition to proper design, installation, maintenance and training, the effective functioning of JPMorgan Chase’s operational systems depends on, among other things: • the quality of the information contained in those systems, as inaccurate, outdated or corrupted data can significantly compromise the functionality of a particular operational system and other systems to which it transmits information, and • JPMorgan Chase’s ability to appropriately maintain and upgrade its systems on a regular basis, and to ensure that any changes introduced to its systems are managed carefully to ensure operational continuity. JPMorgan Chase also depends on its ability to access and use the operational systems of its vendors, custodians and other market participants, including clearing and payment systems, CCPs, securities exchanges and data processing, security and technology companies.  The ineffectiveness, failure or other disruption of the operational systems of JPMorgan Chase or another significant market participant, including due to a cyberbreach, could result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets and for JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers, including: • delays or other disruptions in providing information, services and liquidity to clients and customers • the inability to settle transactions or obtain access to funds and other assets 16     • the possibility that transactions such as funds transfers or capital markets trades are executed erroneously, illegally or with unintended consequences • financial losses, including possible restitution to clients and customers • higher operational costs associated with replacing services provided by a system that is unavailable • customer dissatisfaction and loss of confidence in JPMorgan Chase’s products and services, and • harm to reputation. Furthermore, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, CCPs, payment processors, securities exchanges, clearing houses and other financial market infrastructures, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially affect JPMorgan Chase’s ability to conduct business. As the speed, frequency, volume and complexity of transactions increases, it becomes more challenging to effectively maintain JPMorgan Chase’s operational systems and infrastructure, especially due to the heightened risks that: • errors, whether inadvertent or malicious, cause widespread system disruption • isolated or seemingly insignificant errors in operational systems compound, or migrate to other systems over time, to become larger issues • failures in synchronization or encryption software, or degraded performance of microprocessors due to design flaws, causes disruptions in operational systems, or the inability of systems to communicate with each other, and • third parties attempt to block the use of key technology solutions by claiming that the use infringes on their intellectual property rights. If JPMorgan Chase’s operational systems, or those of third parties on which JPMorgan Chase’s businesses depend, are unable to meet the demanding standards of JPMorgan Chase’s businesses and operations, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, JPMorgan Chase could be materially and adversely affected. JPMorgan Chase relies on the skill and integrity of its employees and those of third parties in running its operational systems. The effective functioning of JPMorgan Chase’s operational systems also depends on the competence and reliability of its employees, as well as the employees of third parties on whom JPMorgan Chase depends for technological support, security or other services. JPMorgan Chase could be materially and adversely affected by a significant operational breakdown or failure caused by human error or    misconduct by an employee of JPMorgan Chase or a third party.  JPMorgan Chase can be negatively affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with new products or processes. When JPMorgan Chase changes processes or introduces new products and services or new connectivity solutions, JPMorgan Chase may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from those changes, or may fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate the risks associated with new business activities. Any of these occurrences could diminish JPMorgan Chase’s ability to operate one or more of its businesses or result in: • potential liability to clients and customers • increased operating expenses • higher litigation costs, including regulatory fines, penalties and other sanctions • damage to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation • impairment of JPMorgan Chase’s liquidity • regulatory intervention, or  • weaker competitive standing. Any of the foregoing consequences could materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s businesses and results of operations. JPMorgan Chase’s connections to third-party operational systems expose it to greater operational risks. Third parties with which JPMorgan Chase does business, as well as retailers, data aggregators and other third parties with which JPMorgan Chase’s customers do business, can also be sources of operational risk to JPMorgan Chase. This is particularly the case where activities of customers or those third parties are beyond JPMorgan Chase’s security and control systems, including through the use of the internet, personal smart phones and other mobile devices or services.  If a third party obtains access to customer account data on JPMorgan Chase’s systems, and that third party experiences a cyberbreach of its own systems or misappropriates that data, this could result in a variety of negative outcomes for JPMorgan Chase and its customers, including: • heightened risk that third parties will be able to execute fraudulent transactions using JPMorgan Chase’s systems • losses from fraudulent transactions, as well as potential liability for losses that exceed thresholds established in consumer protection laws and regulations • increased operational costs to remediate the consequences of the third party’s security breach, and • harm to reputation arising from the perception that JPMorgan Chase’s systems may not be secure.     17 Part I As JPMorgan Chase’s interconnectivity with customers and other third parties expands, JPMorgan Chase increasingly faces the risk of operational failure with respect to their systems. Security breaches affecting JPMorgan Chase’s customers, or systems breakdowns or failures, security breaches or human error or misconduct affecting those other third parties, may require JPMorgan Chase to take steps to protect the integrity of its own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information. These actions can increase JPMorgan Chase’s operational costs and potentially diminish customer satisfaction.  JPMorgan Chase faces substantial legal and operational risks in safeguarding personal information. JPMorgan Chase’s businesses are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations, both within and outside the U.S., governing the privacy and protection of personal information of individuals. The protected parties can include: • JPMorgan Chase’s clients and customers • clients and customers of JPMorgan Chase’s clients and customers • JPMorgan Chase’s employees, and • employees of JPMorgan Chase’s suppliers, counterparties and other third parties. Ensuring that JPMorgan Chase’s collection, use, transfer and storage of personal information comply with all applicable laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions, including where the laws of different jurisdictions are in conflict, can: • increase JPMorgan Chase’s operating costs • affect the development of new products or services • demand significant oversight by JPMorgan Chase’s management, and  • require JPMorgan Chase to structure its businesses, operations and systems in less efficient ways.  Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase cannot ensure that all of its clients and customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information exchanged between them and JPMorgan Chase, particularly where information is transmitted by electronic means. JPMorgan Chase could be exposed to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions if personal, confidential or proprietary information of clients, customers, employees or others were to be mishandled or misused, such as situations where such information is: • erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, or • intercepted or otherwise compromised by third parties. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase’s measures to safeguard personal information, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate, could cause    JPMorgan Chase to lose existing or potential clients and customers, and thereby reduce JPMorgan Chase’s revenues. Furthermore, any failure or perceived failure by JPMorgan Chase to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations may subject it to inquiries, examinations and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, significant liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. Any of these could damage JPMorgan Chase’s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its businesses. JPMorgan Chase’s operations and results could be vulnerable to catastrophes or other events that disrupt its business. JPMorgan Chase’s business and operational systems could be seriously disrupted by events that are wholly or partially beyond its control, including: • cyberbreaches or breaches of physical premises • electrical or telecommunications outages • failures of, or loss of access to, operational systems, including computer systems, servers, networks and other technology assets • damage to or loss of property or assets • natural disasters or severe weather conditions • health emergencies or pandemics, or  • events arising from local or larger-scale political events, including outbreaks of hostilities or terrorist acts.  JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure the ability to recover critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. There can be no assurance that JPMorgan Chase’s resiliency plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers. Any significant failure or disruption of JPMorgan Chase’s operations or operational systems could, among other things: • hinder its ability to provide services to its clients and customers • require it to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption • cause it to incur financial losses, both from loss of revenue and damage to or loss of property, and • expose it to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. A successful cyberattack against JPMorgan Chase could cause significant harm to JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers. JPMorgan Chase experiences numerous cyberattacks on its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets on a daily basis. These cyberattacks can  18     take many forms, but a common objective of many of these attacks is to introduce computer viruses or malware into JPMorgan Chase’s systems. These viruses or malicious code are typically designed to, among other things: • obtain unauthorized access to confidential information belonging to JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers • manipulate or destroy data • disrupt, sabotage or degrade service on JPMorgan Chase’s systems, or • steal money. JPMorgan Chase has also been the target of significant distributed denial-of-service attacks which are intended to disrupt online banking services. JPMorgan Chase devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade its systems to protect them against cyberattacks. However, JPMorgan Chase has experienced security breaches due to cyberattacks in the past, and it is inevitable that additional breaches will occur in the future. Any such breach could result in serious and harmful consequences for JPMorgan Chase or its clients and customers. A principal reason that JPMorgan Chase cannot provide absolute security against cyberattacks is that it may not always be possible to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to JPMorgan Chase’s systems, or to implement effective preventive measures against all breaches. This is because, among other things: • the techniques used in cyberattacks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched • cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third parties who are or may be involved in organized crime or linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments, and • third parties may seek to gain access to JPMorgan Chase’s systems either directly or using equipment or security passwords belonging to employees, customers, third-party service providers or other users of JPMorgan Chase’s systems. The risk of a security breach due to a cyberattack could increase in the future as JPMorgan Chase continues to expand its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and its internal use of web-based products and applications. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of JPMorgan Chase’s systems or the systems of a supplier, governmental body or another market participant could cause serious negative consequences, including: • significant disruption of JPMorgan Chase’s operations and those of its clients, customers and counterparties, including losing access to operational systems   • misappropriation of confidential information of JPMorgan Chase or that of its clients, customers, counterparties or employees • damage to computers or systems of JPMorgan Chase and those of its clients, customers and counterparties • inability to fully recover and restore data that has been stolen, manipulated or destroyed, or to prevent systems from processing fraudulent transactions • violations by JPMorgan Chase of applicable privacy and other laws • financial loss to JPMorgan Chase or to its clients and customers • loss of confidence in JPMorgan Chase’s cybersecurity measures • client and customer dissatisfaction • significant exposure to litigation and regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, or • harm to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation. JPMorgan Chase could also suffer some of the above consequences if a third party were to misappropriate confidential information obtained by intercepting signals or communications from mobile devices used by JPMorgan Chase’s employees. JPMorgan Chase may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a security breach due to a cyberattack. A successful breach of JPMorgan Chase’s computer systems, software, networks or other technology assets due to a cyberattack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected due to, among other things: • the breadth of JPMorgan Chase’s operations and the high volume of transactions that it processes • the large number of customers, counterparties and third-party service providers with which JPMorgan Chase does business • the proliferation and increasing sophistication of cyberattacks, and • the possibility that a third party, after establishing a foothold on an internal network without being detected, might obtain access to other networks and systems. The extent of a particular cyberattack and the steps that JPMorgan Chase may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before such an investigation can be completed and full and reliable information about the attack is known. While such an investigation is ongoing, JPMorgan Chase may not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, any or all of which could      19 Part I further increase the costs and consequences of a cyberattack. JPMorgan Chase’s risk management framework and procedures may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase’s risk management framework is intended to mitigate risk and loss. JPMorgan Chase has established processes and procedures to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which JPMorgan Chase is subject. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may be existing or future risks that JPMorgan Chase has not appropriately anticipated or identified. JPMorgan Chase could be exposed to unexpected losses, and JPMorgan Chase’s financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, by any inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework, governance structure, procedures and practices, models or reporting systems. An inadequacy or lapse could: • require significant resources to remediate • attract heightened regulatory scrutiny • expose JPMorgan Chase to regulatory investigations or legal proceedings • subject it to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions • harm its reputation, or  • diminish confidence in JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase relies on data to assess its various risk exposures. Any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase’s data gathering and validation processes could result in ineffective risk management practices. These deficiencies could also result in inaccurate risk reporting. JPMorgan Chase establishes allowances for probable credit losses that are inherent in its credit exposures. It then employs stress testing and other techniques to determine the capital and liquidity necessary in the event of adverse economic or market events. These processes are critical to JPMorgan Chase’s results of operations and financial condition. They require difficult, subjective and complex judgments, including forecasts of how economic conditions might impair the ability of JPMorgan Chase’s borrowers and counterparties to repay their loans or other obligations. It is possible that JPMorgan Chase will fail to identify the proper factors or that it will fail to accurately estimate the impact of factors that it identifies.   Many of JPMorgan Chase’s risk management strategies and techniques consider historical market behavior.  These strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management’s subjective judgment. For example, many models used by JPMorgan Chase are based on assumptions regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. In times of market stress, including difficult or less liquid market environments, or in    the event of other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated.  Conversely, previously-correlated indicators may make unrelated movements at those times. Sudden market movements and unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements have, in some circumstances, limited the effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase’s risk management strategies, causing it to incur losses. JPMorgan Chase could incur significant losses and face greater regulatory scrutiny if its models or estimations are inadequate. JPMorgan Chase has developed and uses a variety of models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations to assess and implement mitigating controls over its market, credit, operational and other risks. These models and estimations are based on a variety of assumptions and historical trends, and are periodically reviewed and modified as necessary. The models and estimations that JPMorgan Chase uses may not be effective in all cases to observe and mitigate risk due to a variety of factors, such as: • reliance on historical trends that may not accurately predict future events, including assumptions underlying the models and estimations which predict correlation among certain market indicators or asset prices • inherent limitations associated with forecasting uncertain economic and financial outcomes • historical trend information may be incomplete, or may not anticipate severely negative market conditions such as extreme volatility, dislocation or lack of liquidity • technology that is introduced to run models or estimations may not perform as expected, or may not be well understood by the personnel using the technology • models and estimations may contain erroneous data, valuations, formulas or algorithms, and • review processes may fail to detect flaws in models and estimations. JPMorgan Chase could incur substantial losses, its capital levels could be reduced and it could face greater regulatory scrutiny if its models or estimations prove to be inadequate.  Some of the models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations used by JPMorgan Chase in managing risks are subject to review by, and require the approval of, JPMorgan Chase’s regulators. These reviews are required before JPMorgan Chase may use those models and estimations in connection with calculating market risk RWA, credit risk RWA and operational risk RWA under Basel III. If JPMorgan Chase’s models or estimations are not approved by its regulators, it may be subject to higher capital charges, which could adversely affect its financial results or limit the ability to expand its businesses. JPMorgan Chase’s capital actions could also be constrained if a CCAR submission is not approved by its banking regulators due to the perceived inadequacy of its models or estimations. 20     Enhanced standards for vendor risk management can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. JPMorgan Chase must comply with enhanced standards for the assessment and management of risks associated with doing business with vendors and other third-party service providers. These requirements are contained both in bank regulatory regulations and guidance and in certain consent orders to which JPMorgan Chase has been subject. JPMorgan Chase incurs significant costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its third party relationships. JPMorgan Chase’s failure to appropriately assess and manage third-party relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could materially adversely affect JPMorgan Chase. Specifically, any such failure could subject JPMorgan Chase to: • potential liability to clients and customers • regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions • increased operational costs, or • harm to its reputation. Requirements for physical settlement and delivery in trading agreements could expose JPMorgan Chase to operational and other risks. Certain of JPMorgan Chase’s markets transactions require the physical settlement by delivery of securities or other obligations that JPMorgan Chase does not own. If JPMorgan Chase is unable to obtain the obligations within the required timeframe, JPMorgan Chase could forfeit payments otherwise due. Failures could also result in settlement delays, which could damage JPMorgan Chase’s reputation and ability to transact business. Failure to timely settle and confirm transactions could also subject JPMorgan Chase to heightened credit and operational risk, and in the event of a default, market and operational losses.  JPMorgan Chase could incur unexpected losses if estimates and judgments underlying its financial statements are incorrect. Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), JPMorgan Chase is required to use estimates and apply judgments in preparing its financial statements, including in determining allowances for credit losses and reserves related to litigation, among other items. Certain financial instruments require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare JPMorgan Chase’s financial statements, including: • trading assets and liabilities • instruments in the investment securities portfolio • certain loans • MSRs • structured notes, and    • certain repurchase and resale agreements. Where quoted market prices are not available for these types of instruments, JPMorgan Chase may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management estimates and judgment. Sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain balance sheet items, which could lead to valuations being subsequently changed or adjusted. If estimates or judgments underlying JPMorgan Chase’s financial statements prove to have been incorrect, JPMorgan Chase may experience material losses. Lapses in controls over disclosure or financial reporting could materially affect JPMorgan Chase’s profitability or reputation. There can be no assurance that JPMorgan Chase’s disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in every circumstance, or that a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting will not occur. Any such lapses or deficiencies could: • materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s business and results of operations or financial condition • restrict its ability to access the capital markets  • require it to expend significant resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies • expose it to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions • harm its reputation, or  • otherwise diminish investor confidence in JPMorgan Chase. Strategic If JPMorgan Chase’s management fails to develop and execute effective business strategies, JPMorgan Chase’s competitive standing and results could suffer.   JPMorgan Chase’s business strategies significantly affect its competitive standing and results of operations. These strategies relate to: • the products and services that JPMorgan Chase offers • the geographies in which it operates • the types of clients and customers that it serves • the counterparties with which it does business, and  • the methods and distribution channels by which it offers products and services.  The franchise values and growth prospects of JPMorgan Chase’s businesses, and its earnings and results of operations, may suffer and revenues could decline if management makes choices about these strategies and goals that: • prove to be incorrect     21 Part I • do not accurately assess the competitive landscape and industry trends, or  • fail to address changing regulatory and market environments in the U.S. and abroad. JPMorgan Chase’s growth and prospects also depend on management’s ability to develop and execute effective business plans to address these strategic priorities, both in the near term and over longer time horizons. Management’s effectiveness in this regard will affect JPMorgan Chase’s ability to develop and enhance its resources, control expenses and return capital to shareholders. Each of these objectives could be adversely affected by management’s failure to: • devise effective business plans and strategies • effectively implement business decisions, including by minimizing bureaucratic processes • institute controls that appropriately address the risks associated with business activities and any changes in those activities • offer products and services that meet the expectations of clients and customers, and in ways that enhance their satisfaction with those products and services • allocate capital to JPMorgan Chase’s businesses in a manner that promotes their long-term profitability • adequately respond to regulatory requirements • appropriately address shareholder concerns • react quickly to changes in market conditions or market structures, or • develop and enhance the operational, technology, risk, financial and managerial resources necessary to grow and manage JPMorgan Chase’s businesses. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase’s Board of Directors plays an important role in exercising appropriate oversight of management’s strategic decisions, and a failure by the Board to perform this function could also impair JPMorgan Chase’s results of operations.  Conduct Misconduct by JPMorgan Chase employees can harm its clients and customers, damage its reputation and trigger litigation and regulatory action. JPMorgan Chase’s employees interact with clients, customers and counterparties, and with each other, every day. All employees are expected to demonstrate values and exhibit the culture and behaviors that are an integral part of JPMorgan Chase’s How We Do Business Principles, including JPMorgan Chase’s commitment to “do first class business in a first class way.” JPMorgan Chase endeavors to embed culture and conduct risk management throughout an employee’s life cycle, including recruiting, onboarding, training and development, and performance management. Culture and conduct risk management are    also important to JPMorgan Chase’s promotion and compensation processes. Notwithstanding these expectations, policies and practices, certain employees have in the past engaged in improper or illegal conduct resulting in litigation as well as settlements involving consent orders, deferred prosecution agreements and non-prosecution agreements, as well as other civil and criminal settlements with regulators and other governmental entities. There is no assurance that further inappropriate actions by employees will not occur or that any such actions will always be deterred or quickly prevented. JPMorgan Chase’s reputation could be harmed, and collateral consequences could result, from a failure by one or more employees to act consistently with JPMorgan Chase’s expectations, including by acting in ways that harm clients, customers, other market participants or other employees. Some examples of this include: • improperly selling and marketing JPMorgan Chase’s products or services • engaging in insider trading, market manipulation or unauthorized trading • facilitating illegal or aggressive tax-motivated transactions, or transactions designed to circumvent economic sanction programs • failing to fulfill fiduciary obligations or other duties owed to clients or customers • violating anti-trust or anti-competition laws by colluding with other market participants to manipulate markets, prices or indices • making risk decisions in ways that subordinate JPMorgan Chase’s risk appetite to employee compensation objectives, and • misappropriating property or confidential or proprietary information or technology belonging to JPMorgan Chase, its clients and customers or third parties. The consequences of any failure by employees to act consistently with JPMorgan Chase’s expectations could include litigation, or regulatory or other governmental investigations or enforcement actions. Any of these proceedings or actions could result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other sanctions, or lead to: • financial losses • increased operational and compliance costs • greater regulatory scrutiny • requirements that JPMorgan Chase restructure, curtail or cease certain of its activities • the need for significant oversight by JPMorgan Chase’s management • the undermining of JPMorgan Chase’s culture 22     • loss of clients or customers, and • harm to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation. Reputation Damage to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation could harm its businesses. Maintaining trust in JPMorgan Chase is critical to its ability to attract and retain clients, customers, investors and employees. Damage to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation can therefore cause significant harm to JPMorgan Chase’s business and prospects. Harm to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation can arise from numerous sources, including: • employee misconduct • security breaches • compliance failures • litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, or  • regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or settlements. JPMorgan Chase’s reputation could also be harmed by the failure or perceived failure of certain third parties to comply with laws or regulations, including companies in which JPMorgan Chase has made principal investments, parties to joint ventures with JPMorgan Chase, and vendors and other third parties with which JPMorgan Chase does business. JPMorgan Chase’s reputation or prospects may be significantly damaged by adverse publicity or negative information regarding JPMorgan Chase, whether or not true, that may be posted on social media, non-mainstream news services or other parts of the internet, and this risk can be magnified by the speed and pervasiveness with which information is disseminated through those channels. Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members of or individuals in the industry can also affect JPMorgan Chase’s reputation. For example, concerns that consumers have been treated unfairly by a financial institution, or that a financial institution has acted inappropriately with respect to the methods used to offer products to customers, can damage the reputation of the industry as a whole. If JPMorgan Chase is perceived to have engaged in these types of behaviors, the measures needed to address the associated reputational issues could increase JPMorgan Chase’s operational and compliance costs and negatively affect its earnings. Furthermore, events that undermine JPMorgan Chase’s reputation can hinder its ability to attract and retain clients, customers, investors and employees. Failure to effectively manage potential conflicts of interest can result in litigation and enforcement actions, as well as damage JPMorgan Chase’s reputation. JPMorgan Chase’s ability to manage potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as its business activities encompass more transactions, obligations and    interests with and among JPMorgan Chase’s clients and customers. JPMorgan Chase can become subject to litigation and enforcement actions, and its reputation can be damaged, by the failure or perceived failure to, among other things: • adequately address or appropriately disclose conflicts of interest • deliver appropriate standards of service and quality • treat clients and customers fairly • use client and customer data responsibly and in a manner that meets legal requirements and regulatory expectations • provide fiduciary products or services in accordance with the applicable legal and regulatory standards, or  • handle or use confidential information of customers or clients appropriately or in compliance with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations.  In the future, a failure or perceived failure to appropriately address conflicts or fiduciary obligations could result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, and heightened regulatory scrutiny and enforcement actions, all of which can lead to lost revenue and higher operating costs and cause serious harm to JPMorgan Chase’s reputation. Country JPMorgan Chase can incur losses due to unfavorable economic developments around the world. JPMorgan Chase’s businesses and earnings are affected by the monetary, fiscal and other policies adopted by various U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory authorities and agencies. For example, the Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. and its policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing in the U.S. and the return earned on those loans and investments. Changes in fiscal policies by central banks or regulatory authorities, and the manner in which those policies are executed, are beyond JPMorgan Chase’s control and may be difficult to predict. Consequently, unanticipated changes in these policies or the ways in which they are implemented could have a negative impact on JPMorgan Chase’s businesses and results of operations. JPMorgan Chase’s businesses and revenues are also subject to the risks inherent in investing and market-making in securities, loans and other obligations of companies worldwide. These risks include, among others: • negative effects from slowing growth rates or recessionary economic conditions • the risk of loss from unfavorable political, legal or other developments, including social or political instability, in the countries or regions in which those companies operate, and • the other risks and considerations discussed below.     23 Part I Adverse economic and political developments in a country or region can have a wider negative impact on JPMorgan Chase’s businesses. Some countries or regions in which JPMorgan Chase operates or invests, or in which JPMorgan Chase may do business in the future, have in the past experienced severe economic disruptions particular to those countries or regions. In some cases, concerns regarding the fiscal condition of one or more countries can cause a contraction of available credit and reduced commercial activity among trading partners within the affected countries or region. These developments can also create market volatility which can lead to a contagion affecting other countries in the same region or beyond. Furthermore, governments in particular countries or regions in which JPMorgan Chase or its clients do business may choose to adopt protectionist economic or trade policies in response to concerns about domestic economic conditions. Any or all of these developments could lead to diminished cross-border trade and financing activity within that country or region, all of which could negatively affect JPMorgan Chase’s business and earnings in those jurisdictions. If JPMorgan Chase takes steps to reduce its market and credit risk exposure within a particular country or region that is experiencing economic or political disruption, it may incur losses that are higher than expected because it will be disposing of assets when market conditions are likely to be highly unfavorable. JPMorgan Chase’s business activities with governmental entities pose a greater risk of loss. Several of JPMorgan Chase’s businesses engage in transactions with, or trade in obligations of, governmental entities, including national, state, provincial, municipal and local authorities, both within and outside the U.S. These activities can expose JPMorgan Chase to enhanced sovereign, credit-related, operational and reputation risks, including the risks that a governmental entity may: • default on or restructure its obligations • claim that actions taken by government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials, or • repudiate transactions authorized by a previous incumbent government. Any or all of these actions could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s financial condition and results of operations and could hurt its reputation, particularly if JPMorgan Chase pursues claims against a government obligor in a jurisdiction in which it has significant business relationships with clients or customers. JPMorgan Chase’s business and revenues in emerging markets can be hampered by local political, social and economic factors. Some of the countries in which JPMorgan Chase conducts business have economies or markets that are less developed and more volatile, and may have legal and regulatory regimes that are less established or predictable,    than the U.S. and other developed markets in which JPMorgan Chase operates. Some of these countries have in the past experienced severe economic disruptions, including: • extreme currency fluctuations • high inflation • low or negative growth, or  • defaults or potential defaults on sovereign debt. The governments in these countries have sometimes reacted to these developments by imposing restrictive monetary policies such as currency exchange controls and other laws and restrictions that adversely affect the local and regional business environment. In addition, these countries, as well as certain more developed countries, have been susceptible to unfavorable social developments arising from poor economic conditions and related governmental actions, including:  • social unrest • general strikes and demonstrations • crime and corruption • security and personal safety issues • outbreaks of hostilities • overthrow of incumbent governments • terrorist attacks, or  • other forms of internal discord.  These economic, political and social developments have in the past resulted in, and in the future could lead to, conditions that can adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s operations in those countries and impair the revenues, growth and profitability of those operations. If the legal and regulatory system in a particular country is less established or predictable, this can create a more difficult environment in which to conduct business. For example, any of the following could hamper JPMorgan Chase’s operations and reduce its earnings in countries with less established or predictable legal and regulatory regimes: • the absence of a statutory or regulatory basis or guidance for engaging in specific types of business or transactions • the adoption of conflicting or ambiguous laws and regulations, or the inconsistent application or interpretation of existing laws and regulations • uncertainty concerning the enforceability of contractual obligations • difficulty in competing in economies in which the government controls or protects all or a portion of the local economy or specific businesses, or where graft or corruption may be pervasive, and  24     • the threat of arbitrary regulatory investigations, civil litigations or criminal prosecutions, the termination of licenses required to operate in the local market or the suspension of business relationships with governmental bodies. JPMorgan Chase’s operations in or involving emerging markets countries can also be affected by governmental actions such as: • monetary policies • expropriation, nationalization or confiscation of assets • price, capital or exchange controls, and  • changes in laws and regulations.  The impact of these actions could be accentuated in trading markets that are smaller, less liquid and more volatile than more-developed markets. These types of government actions can negatively affect JPMorgan Chase’s operations in the relevant country, either directly or by suppressing the business activities of local clients or multi-national clients that conduct business in the jurisdiction. For example, some or all of these governmental actions can result in funds belonging to JPMorgan Chase, or that it places with a local custodian on behalf of a client, being effectively trapped in a country. In addition to the ultimate risk of losing the funds entirely, JPMorgan Chase could be exposed for an extended period of time to the credit risk of a local custodian that is now operating in a deteriorating domestic economy.  JPMorgan Chase’s revenues from international operations and trading in non-U.S. securities and other obligations can be negatively affected by the foregoing economic, political and social conditions in a particular country in which it does business. In addition, any of the above-mentioned events or circumstances in one country can affect JPMorgan Chase’s operations and investments in another country or countries, including in the U.S.  JPMorgan Chase’s operations in the emerging markets can subject it to higher operational and compliance costs. Conducting business in countries with less-developed legal and regulatory regimes often requires JPMorgan Chase to devote significant additional resources to understanding, and monitoring changes in, local laws and regulations, as well as structuring its operations to comply with local laws and regulations and implementing and administering related internal policies and procedures. There can be no assurance that JPMorgan Chase will always be successful in its efforts to conduct its business in compliance with laws and regulations in countries with less predictable legal and regulatory systems or that JPMorgan Chase will be able to develop effective working relationships with local regulators.  Complying with economic sanctions and anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations can increase JPMorgan Chase’s operational and compliance costs and risks.   JPMorgan Chase must comply with economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by OFAC and similar national and multi-national bodies and governmental agencies outside the U.S., as well as anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations throughout the world. JPMorgan Chase can incur higher costs and face greater compliance risks in structuring and operating its businesses to comply with these requirements. Furthermore, a violation of a sanction or embargo program or anti-corruption or anti-money laundering laws and regulations could subject JPMorgan Chase, and individual employees, to regulatory enforcement actions as well as significant civil and criminal penalties. Competition The financial services industry is highly competitive, and JPMorgan Chase’s results of operations will suffer if it is not a strong and effective competitor. JPMorgan Chase operates in a highly competitive environment, and expects that competition in the U.S. and global financial services industry will continue to be intense. Competitors include: • other banks and financial institutions • trading, advisory and investment management firms • finance companies and technology companies, and • other firms that are engaged in providing similar products and services. JPMorgan Chase cannot provide assurance that the significant competition in the financial services industry will not materially and adversely affect its future results of operations. New competitors have emerged. For example, technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products. These advances have also allowed financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading, payment processing and online automated algorithmic-based investment advice. Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payment processing and other services could be disrupted by technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, that require no intermediation. New technologies have required and could require JPMorgan Chase to spend more to modify or adapt its products to attract and retain clients and customers or to match products and services offered by its competitors, including technology companies.  Ongoing or increased competition may put downward pressure on prices and fees for JPMorgan Chase’s products and services or may cause JPMorgan Chase to lose market share. This competition may be on the basis of, among other factors, quality and variety of products and services offered, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. The failure of any of JPMorgan Chase’s businesses to      25 Part I meet the expectations of clients and customers, whether due to general market conditions or underperformance, could affect JPMorgan Chase’s ability to attract or retain clients and customers. Any such impact could, in turn, reduce JPMorgan Chase’s revenues. Increased competition also may require JPMorgan Chase to make additional capital investments in its businesses, or to extend more of its capital on behalf of its clients in order to remain competitive. Non-U.S. competitors of JPMorgan Chase’s wholesale businesses outside the U.S. are typically subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legislative and regulatory regimes. The more restrictive laws and regulations applicable to JPMorgan Chase and other U.S. financial services institutions can put JPMorgan Chase and those firms at a competitive disadvantage to non-U.S. competitors. This could reduce the revenue and profitability of JPMorgan Chase’s wholesale businesses, resulting from:  • prohibitions on engaging in certain transactions  • higher capital and liquidity requirements • making JPMorgan Chase’s pricing of certain transactions more expensive for clients, and • adversely affecting JPMorgan Chase’s cost structure for providing certain products. People JPMorgan Chase’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to its success. JPMorgan Chase’s employees are its most important resource, and in many areas of the financial services industry, competition for qualified personnel is intense. JPMorgan Chase endeavors to attract talented and diverse new employees and retain and motivate its existing employees. If JPMorgan Chase were unable to continue to attract or retain qualified employees, including successors to the Chief Executive Officer or members of the Operating Committee, JPMorgan Chase’s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially and adversely affected. Changes in immigration policies could adversely affect JPMorgan Chase.  There is the potential for changes in immigration policies in multiple jurisdictions around the world, including in the U.S. If immigration policies were to unduly restrict or otherwise make it more difficult for qualified employees to work in, or transfer among, jurisdictions in which JPMorgan Chase has operations or conducts its business, JPMorgan Chase could be adversely affected.   Legal JPMorgan Chase faces significant legal risks from private actions and formal and informal regulatory investigations. JPMorgan Chase is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in various legal proceedings, including class actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties. Actions currently pending against JPMorgan Chase may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to JPMorgan Chase. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect JPMorgan Chase’s business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that JPMorgan Chase will continue to experience a high level of litigation related to its businesses and operations. Regulators and other government agencies conduct examinations of JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries both on a routine basis and in targeted exams, and JPMorgan Chase’s businesses and operations are subject to heightened regulatory oversight. This heightened regulatory scrutiny, or the results of such an investigation or examination, may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. There is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against JPMorgan Chase. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the U.S. or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental officials in non-U.S. jurisdictions. If another financial institution violates a law or regulation relating to a particular business activity or practice, this will often give rise to an investigation by regulators and other governmental agencies of the same or similar activity or practice by JPMorgan Chase.  These and other initiatives by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental authorities may subject JPMorgan Chase to judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or require JPMorgan Chase to restructure its operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services. All of these potential outcomes could harm JPMorgan Chase’s reputation or lead to higher operational costs, thereby reducing JPMorgan Chase’s profitability, or result in collateral consequences. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. 26     Item 2. Properties. JPMorgan Chase’s headquarters is located in New York City at 270 Park Avenue, a 50-story office building that it owns. The Firm owned or leased facilities in the following locations at December 31, 2017. December 31, 2017 (in millions) Approximate square footage     United States (a)   New York City, New York   270 Park Ave, New York, New York 1.3 All other New York City locations 8.8 Total New York City, New York 10.1     Other U.S. locations   Columbus/Westerville, Ohio 3.7 Chicago, Illinois 2.8 Phoenix/Tempe, Arizona 2.6 Wilmington/Newark, Delaware 2.2 Dallas/Plano, Texas 2.1 Houston, Texas 2.1 Jersey City, New Jersey 1.5 All other U.S. locations 34.8 Total United States 61.9     Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)   25 Bank Street, London, U.K. 1.4 All other U.K. locations 3.0 All other EMEA locations 0.9 Total EMEA 5.3     Asia Pacific, Latin America and Canada   India 3.1 All other locations 3.9 Total Asia Pacific, Latin America and Canada 7.0 Total 74.2 (a) At December 31, 2017, the Firm owned or leased 5,130 retail branches in 23 states. The premises and facilities occupied by JPMorgan Chase are used across all of the Firm’s business segments and for corporate purposes. JPMorgan Chase continues to evaluate its current and projected space requirements and may determine from time to time that certain of its properties (including the premises and facilities noted above) are no longer necessary for its operations. There is no assurance that the Firm will be able to dispose of any such excess properties, premises, and facilities or that it will not incur costs in connection with such dispositions. Such disposition costs may be material to the Firm’s results of operations in a given period. For information on occupancy expense, see the Consolidated Results of Operations on  pages 44–46 .   Item 3. Legal Proceedings. For a description of the Firm’s material legal proceedings, see Note  29 . Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable.     27 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market for registrant’s common equity The outstanding shares of JPMorgan Chase common stock are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. For the quarterly high and low prices of JPMorgan Chase’s common stock and cash dividends declared on JPMorgan Chase’s common stock for the last two years, see the section entitled “Supplementary information – Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)” on  page 277 . For a comparison of the cumulative total return for JPMorgan Chase common stock with the comparable total return of the S&P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and the S&P Financial Index over the five-year period ended  December 31, 2017 , see “Five-year stock performance,” on  page 39 .   For information on the common dividend payout ratio, see Capital actions in the Capital Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on  pages 89-90 . For a discussion of restrictions on dividend payments, see Note  20  and Note  25 . On  January 31, 2018 , there were  192,658  holders of record of JPMorgan Chase common stock. For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Firm’s employee share-based compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12 on  page 31 . Repurchases under the common equity repurchase program For information regarding repurchases under the Firm’s common equity repurchase program, see Capital actions in the Capital Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on  pages 89-90 . Shares repurchased, on a settlement-date basis, pursuant to the common equity repurchase program during  2017  were as follows. Year ended December 31, 2017   Total shares of common stock repurchased   Average price paid per share of common stock (a)   Aggregate repurchases of common equity (in millions) (a)   Dollar value of remaining authorized repurchase (in millions) (a)   First quarter   32,132,964   $ 88.14   $ 2,832   $ 3,221   Second quarter   34,940,127   86.05   3,007   214 (b)   Third quarter   51,756,892   92.02   4,763   14,637   October   14,248,307   98.04   1,397   13,241   November   19,472,405   98.92   1,926   11,314   December   14,006,503   106.02   1,485   9,830   Fourth quarter   47,727,215   100.74   4,808   9,830   Year-to-date   166,557,198   $ 92.52   $ 15,410   $ 9,830 (c)   (a) Excludes commissions cost. (b) The $214 million unused portion under the prior Board authorization was canceled when the $19.4 billion repurchase program was authorized by the Board of Directors on June 28, 2017. (c) Represents the amount remaining under the $19.4 billion repurchase program. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. For five-year selected financial data, see “Five-year summary of consolidated financial highlights (unaudited)” on  page 38 . Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, entitled “Management’s discussion and analysis,” appears on  pages 40–145 . Such information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, which appear on  pages 148–276 .   Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. For a discussion of the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see the Market Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on  pages 121-128 . Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the Notes thereto and the report thereon dated  February 27, 2018 , of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm, appear on  pages 146–276 . Supplementary financial data for each full quarter within the two years ended  December 31, 2017 , are included on  page 277  in the table entitled “Selected quarterly financial  28     data (unaudited).” Also included is a “Glossary of Terms and Acronyms’’ on  pages 283-289 . Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. The internal control framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”), “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (“COSO 2013”) provides guidance for designing, implementing and conducting internal control and assessing its effectiveness. The Firm used the COSO 2013 framework to assess the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 . See “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” on  page 146 . As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. See Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 for the Certifications issued by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Firm is committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial reporting. Nevertheless, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, in a firm as large and complex as JPMorgan Chase, lapses or deficiencies in internal controls may occur from time to time, and there can be no assurance that any such deficiencies will not result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal control in the future. For further information, see “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” on  page 146 . There was no change in the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the  three months ended   December 31, 2017 , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting.   Item 9B. Other Information. Iran threat reduction disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure may be required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this report, the Firm is not aware of any other activity, transaction or dealing by any of its affiliates during the calendar year 2017 that requires disclosure under Section 219. As previously disclosed, during the first quarter of 2017, a non-U.S. subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase processed a payment in the amount of EUR 1,466 for its client, a non-U.S. international organization, where the payment originated from entities owned or controlled by the Government of Iran. JPMorgan Chase charged a fee of EUR 2.50 for this transaction. In addition to the previously disclosed transaction, the Firm identified four other payments made in 2017 in the amounts of $68,567, $66,280, $98,143, and $110,831, that were processed by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and a non-U.S. subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase for a client, a U.S.-based international publishing business, where the payments originated from educational institutions owned or controlled by the Government of Iran. JPMorgan Chase charged total fees of $3,930 for these transactions. Each of the above payments received into both clients’ accounts, were for the purchase of informational materials, and they were therefore exempt transactions pursuant to 31. C.F.R. 560.210(c), and were all processed in compliance with the Iran-related sanctions regulations.   JPMorgan Chase may in the future engage in similar transactions for its clients to the extent permitted by U.S. law.     29 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Executive officers of the registrant   Age   Name (at December 31, 2017) Positions and offices James Dimon 61 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; he had been President from July 2004 until January 2018. Ashley Bacon 48 Chief Risk Officer since June 2013. He had been Deputy Chief Risk Officer since June 2012, prior to which he had been Global Head of Market Risk for the Investment Bank (now part of Corporate & Investment Bank). Lori A. Beer (a) 50 Chief Information Officer since September 2017, prior to which she had been Chief Information Officer of the Corporate & Investment Bank since June 2016. She was Global Head of Banking Technology from January 2014 until May 2016. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase in 2014, she was Executive Vice President of Specialty Businesses and Information Technology for Anthem, Inc.  Mary Callahan Erdoes 50 Chief Executive Officer of Asset & Wealth Management since September 2009, prior to which she had been Chief Executive Officer of Wealth Management. Stacey Friedman 49 General Counsel since January 2016, prior to which she was Deputy General Counsel since July 2015 and General Counsel for the Corporate & Investment Bank since August 2012. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase in 2012, she was a partner at the law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP. Marianne Lake 48 Chief Financial Officer since January 2013, prior to which she had been Chief Financial Officer of Consumer & Community Banking since 2009. Robin Leopold (b) 53 Head of Human Resources since January 2018, prior to which she had been Head of Human Resources for the Corporate & Investment Bank since 2012. She was a Human Resources Executive serving the Firm’s Corporate functions from February 2010 until August 2012. Douglas B. Petno 52 Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Banking since January 2012, prior to which he had been Chief Operating Officer of Commercial Banking.  Daniel E. Pinto (c) 55 Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer since January 30, 2018, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate & Investment Bank since March 2014, and Chief Executive Officer of Europe, the Middle East and Africa since June 2011. He had been Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate & Investment Bank from July 2012 until March 2014, prior to which he had been head or Co-head of the Global Fixed Income business from November 2009 until July 2012. Peter Scher (a)    56 Head of Corporate Responsibility since 2011 and Chairman of the Mid-Atlantic Region since 2015.  Gordon A. Smith (c) 59 Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer since January 30, 2018, and Chief Executive Officer of Consumer & Community Banking since December 2012. He had been Co-Chief Executive Officer from July 2012 until December 2012, prior to which he had been Chief Executive Officer of Card Services from 2007 until 2012 and of the Auto Finance and Student Lending businesses from 2011 until 2012. Unless otherwise noted, during the five fiscal years ended  December 31, 2017 , all of JPMorgan Chase’s above-named executive officers have continuously held senior-level positions with JPMorgan Chase. There are no family relationships among the foregoing executive officers. Information to be provided in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of the Form 10-K and not otherwise included herein is incorporated by reference to the Firm’s Definitive Proxy Statement for its  2018  Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on  May 15, 2018 , which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the Firm’s fiscal year ended  December 31, 2017 . (a) The Chief Information Officer and Head of Corporate Responsibility were both named as executive officers in 2017. (b) On January 1, 2018, Ms. Leopold was named Head of Human Resources. At that date, Mr. John L. Donnelly, formerly Head of Human Resources, became a Vice Chairman of JPMorgan Chase; he is no longer an executive officer of the Firm. (c) On January 30, 2018, Mr. Pinto and Mr. Smith were named Co-Presidents and Co-Chief Operating Officers of the Firm. 30     Item 11. Executive Compensation. See Item 10.   Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. For security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, see Item 10. The following table sets forth the total number of shares available for issuance under JPMorgan Chase’s employee share-based incentive plans (including shares available for issuance to non-employee directors). The Firm is not authorized to grant share-based incentive awards to non-employees, other than to non-employee directors. December 31, 2017 Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options/stock appreciation rights   Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding  options/stock appreciation rights   Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under stock compensation plans Plan category                 Employee share-based incentive plans approved by shareholders 17,492,607 (a)     $ 40.76     66,828,172 (b)   Total 17,492,607     $ 40.76     66,828,172   (a) Does not include restricted stock units or performance stock units granted under the shareholder-approved Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”), as amended and restated effective May 19, 2015. For further discussion, see Note  9 . (b) Represents shares available for future issuance under the shareholder-approved LTIP. All shares available for future issuance will be issued under the shareholder-approved LTIP. For further discussion, see Note  9 . Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. See Item 10. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. See Item 10.     31 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 1   Financial statements     The Consolidated Financial Statements, the Notes thereto and the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon listed in Item 8 are set forth commencing on page 147.       2   Financial statement schedules       3   Exhibits       3.1   Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JPMorgan Chase & Co., effective April 5, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 7, 2006).       3.2   Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JPMorgan Chase & Co., effective June 7, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Appendix F to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 10, 2013).       3.3   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 24, 2008).             3.4   Certificate of Designations for 5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed February 5, 2013).       3.5   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Q (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 23, 2013) .       3.6   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 29, 2013).       3.7   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 22, 2014).         3.8   Certificate of Designations for 6.70% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series T (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 30, 2014).       3.9   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on March 10, 2014).       3.10   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on June 9, 2014).       3.11   Certificate of Designations for 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on June 23, 2014).       3.12   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series X (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed on September 23, 2014). 3.13   Certificate of Designations for 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed February 17, 2015).       3.14   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Z (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 21, 2015).       3.15   Certificate of Designations for 6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series AA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed June 4, 2015).       3.16   Certificate of Designations for 6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series BB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed July 29, 2015).       3.17   Certificate of Designations for Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series CC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed October 20, 2017).       32     3.18   By-laws of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended, effective January 30, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 30, 2018). 4.1(a)   Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No.1-5805) filed October 21, 2010).       4.1(b)   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 13, 2017).       4.2(a)   Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2014, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No.1-5805) filed March 14, 2014).       4.2(b)   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee, to the Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 13, 2017).       4.3(a)   Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2001, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bankers Trust Company (succeeded by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(1) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 333-52826) filed June 13, 2001).       4.3(b)   Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bankers Trust Company (succeeded by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas), as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed January 13, 2017).       4.4   Indenture, dated as of February 19, 2016, among JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(7) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC (File No. 333-209682) filed February 24, 2016).         4.5   Form of Deposit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 333-191692) filed October 11, 2013).       4.6   Form of Warrant to purchase common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed December 11, 2009).       Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. JPMorgan Chase & Co. agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request.       10.1   Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended and restated July 2001 and as of December 31, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007).(a)       10.2   2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co., effective as of January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2007).(a)       10.3   2005 Deferred Compensation Program of JPMorgan Chase & Co., restated effective as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008).(a)       10.4   JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan as amended and restated effective May 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 8, 2015).(a)       10.5   Key Executive Performance Plan of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended and restated effective January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Appendix G of the Schedule 14A of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed April 10, 2013).(a)       10.6   Excess Retirement Plan of JPMorgan Chase & Co., restated and amended as of December 31, 2008, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2009).(a)       10.7   Executive Retirement Plan of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended and restated December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008).(a)           33 Part IV 10.8   Bank One Corporation Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan, as amended and restated effective December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008).(a)       10.9   Banc One Corporation Revised and Restated 1995 Stock Incentive Plan, effective April 17, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008).(a)       10.10   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights, dated as of January 20, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2008).(a)       10.11   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for Operating Committee member stock appreciation rights, dated as of February 3, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2009).(a)       10.12   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units, dated as of January 18, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2011).(a)       10.13   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 17, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2012).(a)       10.14   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 22, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the quarter ended March 31, 2014).(a)       10.15   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms & Conditions for restricted stock units for Operating Committee members (U.S., E.U. and U.K.), dated as of January 20, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the quarter ended March 31, 2015).(a)         10.16   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for restricted stock units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 19, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2015).(a)        10.17   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for performance share units for Operating Committee members, dated as of January 19, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2015).(a)       10.18   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for performance share units and restricted stock units for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 17, 2017 (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2016).(a)       10.19   Forms of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Long-Term Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions for performance share units and restricted stock units for Operating Committee members (U.S. and U.K.), dated as of January 16, 2018.(a)(b)       10.20   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Terms and Conditions of Fixed Allowance (UK) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the quarter ended June 30, 2014).(a)       10.21   Form of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2006, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) for the year ended December 31, 2009).(a)       10.22   Plea Agreement dated May 20, 2015 between JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the U.S. Department of Justice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (File No. 1-5805) filed May 20, 2015).       12.1   Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges.(b)       12.2   Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividend requirements.(b)       21   List of subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase & Co.(b)       22   Annual Report on Form 11-K of The JPMorgan Chase 401(k) Savings Plan for the year ended December 31, 2017 (to be filed pursuant to Rule 15d-21 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 34           23   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm.(b)       31.1   Certification.(b)       31.2   Certification.(b)       32   Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(c)       101.INS   XBRL Instance Document. (b)(d)       101.SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  Document. (b)       101.CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (b)       101.DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. (b) 101.LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. (b)       101.PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (b) (a) This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (b) Filed herewith. (c) Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (d) Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, includes the following financial information included in the Firm’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2017 , formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) interactive data files: (i) the Consolidated statements of income for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , (ii) the Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , (iii) the Consolidated balance sheets as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , (iv) the Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , (v) the Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.     35 page 36 not used Table of contents Financial:                       38   Five-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Highlights   Audited financial statements:               39   Five-Year Stock Performance   146   Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting               Management’s discussion and analysis:   147   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm               40   Introduction   148   Consolidated Financial Statements               41   Executive Overview   153   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               44   Consolidated Results of Operations                   47   Consolidated Balance Sheets and Cash Flows Analysis                       50   Off–Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Cash Obligations                       52   Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Performance Measures    Supplementary information:               55   Business Segment Results   277   Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)               75   Enterprise-wide Risk Management   278   Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity; interest rates and interest differentials                           81   Strategic Risk Management   283   Glossary of Terms and Acronyms               99   Credit and Investment Risk Management                       121   Market Risk Management                       129   Country Risk Management                       131   Operational Risk Management                       138   Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm                       141   Accounting and Reporting Developments                       145   Forward-Looking Statements                       JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   37 Financial FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (unaudited)  As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share, ratio, headcount data and where otherwise noted)                 2017 2016   2015 2014 2013 Selected income statement data               Total net revenue   $ 99,624 $ 95,668   $ 93,543 $ 95,112 $ 97,367 Total noninterest expense   58,434 55,771   59,014 61,274 70,467 Pre-provision profit   41,190 39,897   34,529 33,838 26,900 Provision for credit losses   5,290 5,361   3,827 3,139 225 Income before income tax expense   35,900 34,536   30,702 30,699 26,675 Income tax expense   11,459 9,803   6,260 8,954 8,789 Net income (a)   $ 24,441 $ 24,733   $ 24,442 $ 21,745 $ 17,886 Earnings per share data               Net income:            Basic   $ 6.35 $ 6.24   $ 6.05 $ 5.33 $ 4.38               Diluted   6.31 6.19   6.00 5.29 4.34 Average shares:     Basic   3,551.6 3,658.8   3,741.2 3,808.3 3,832.4               Diluted   3,576.8 3,690.0   3,773.6 3,842.3 3,864.9 Market and per common share data               Market capitalization   $ 366,301 $ 307,295   $ 241,899 $ 232,472 $ 219,657 Common shares at period-end   3,425.3 3,561.2   3,663.5 3,714.8 3,756.1 Share price: (b)               High   $ 108.46 $ 87.39   $ 70.61 $ 63.49 $ 58.55 Low   81.64 52.50   50.07 52.97 44.20 Close   106.94 86.29   66.03 62.58 58.48 Book value per share   67.04 64.06   60.46 56.98 53.17 Tangible book value per share (“TBVPS”) (c)   53.56 51.44   48.13 44.60 40.72 Cash dividends declared per share   2.12 1.88   1.72 1.58 1.44 Selected ratios and metrics               Return on common equity (“ROE”)   10 % 10 %   11 % 10 % 9 % Return on tangible common equity (“ROTCE”) (c)   12 13   13 13 11 Return on assets (“ROA”)   0.96 1.00   0.99 0.89 0.75 Overhead ratio   59 58   63 64 72 Loans-to-deposits ratio   64 65   65 56 57 High quality liquid assets (“HQLA”) (in billions) (d)   $ 556 $ 524   $ 496 $ 600 $ 522 Common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital ratio (e)   12.2 % 12.3 % (i)   11.8 % 10.2 % 10.7 % Tier 1 capital ratio (e)   13.9 14.0 (i)   13.5 11.6 11.9 Total capital ratio (e)   15.9 15.5   15.1 13.1 14.3 Tier 1 leverage ratio (e)   8.3 8.4   8.5 7.6 7.1 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)               Trading assets   $ 381,844 $ 372,130   $ 343,839 $ 398,988 $ 374,664 Securities   249,958 289,059   290,827 348,004 354,003 Loans   930,697 894,765   837,299 757,336 738,418 Core Loans   863,683 806,152   732,093 628,785 583,751 Average core loans   829,558 769,385   670,757 596,823 563,809 Total assets   2,533,600 2,490,972   2,351,698 2,572,274 2,414,879 Deposits   1,443,982 1,375,179   1,279,715 1,363,427 1,287,765 Long-term debt (f)   284,080 295,245   288,651 276,379 267,446 Common stockholders’ equity   229,625 228,122   221,505 211,664 199,699 Total stockholders’ equity   255,693 254,190   247,573 231,727 210,857 Headcount   252,539 243,355   234,598 241,359 251,196 Credit quality metrics               Allowance for credit losses   $ 14,672 $ 14,854   $ 14,341 $ 14,807 $ 16,969 Allowance for loan losses to total retained loans   1.47 % 1.55 %   1.63 % 1.90 % 2.25 % Allowance for loan losses to retained loans excluding purchased credit-impaired loans (g)   1.27 1.34   1.37 1.55 1.80 Nonperforming assets   $ 6,426 $ 7,535   $ 7,034 $ 7,967 $ 9,706 Net charge-offs (h)   5,387 4,692   4,086 4,759 5,802 Net charge-off rate (h)   0.60 % 0.54 %   0.52 % 0.65 % 0.81 % (a) On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) was signed into law. The Firm’s results included a $2.4 billion decrease to net income as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, see Note  24 . (b) Based on daily prices reported by the New York Stock Exchange. (c) TBVPS and ROTCE are non-GAAP financial measures. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Financial Performance Measures on  pages 52–54 . (d) HQLA represents the amount of assets that qualify for inclusion in the liquidity coverage ratio. For December 31, 2017, the balance represents the average of quarterly reported results per the U.S. LCR public disclosure requirements effective April 1, 2017. Prior periods represent period-end balances under the final U.S. rule (“U.S. LCR”) for December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the Firm’s estimated amount for December 31, 2014 prior to the effective date of the final rule, and under the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio (“Basel III LCR”) for December 31, 2013. For additional information, see LCR and HQLA on  page 93 .     (e) Ratios presented are calculated under the Basel III Transitional rules, which became effective on January 1, 2014, and for the capital ratios, represent the Collins Floor. Prior to 2014, the ratios were calculated under the Basel I rules. See Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91  for additional information on Basel III. (f) Included unsecured long-term debt of $218.8 billion, $212.6 billion, $211.8 billion, $207.0 billion and $198.9 billion respectively, as of December 31, of each year presented. (g) Excluded the impact of residential real estate purchased credit-impaired (“PCI”) loans, a non-GAAP financial measure. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Performance Measures on  pages 52–54 , and the Allowance for credit losses on  pages 117–119 . (h) Excluding net charge-offs of $467 million related to the student loan portfolio sale, the net charge-off rate for the year ended December 31, 2017 would have been 0.55%. (i) The prior period ratios have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 38   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report FIVE-YEAR STOCK PERFORMANCE The following table and graph compare the five-year cumulative total return for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) common stock with the cumulative return of the S&P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and the S&P Financial Index. The S&P 500 Index is a commonly referenced equity benchmark in the United States of America (“U.S.”), consisting of leading companies from different economic sectors. The KBW Bank Index seeks to reflect the performance of banks and thrifts that are publicly traded in the U.S. and is composed of leading national money center and regional banks and thrifts. The S&P Financial Index is an index of financial companies, all of which are components of the S&P 500. The Firm is a component of all three industry indices. The following table and graph assume simultaneous investments of  $100  on December 31,  2012 , in JPMorgan Chase common stock and in each of the above indices. The comparison assumes that all dividends are reinvested. December 31, (in dollars) 2012   2013   2014   2015   2016   2017 JPMorgan Chase $ 100.00   $ 136.71   $ 150.22   $ 162.79   $ 219.06   $ 277.62 KBW Bank Index 100.00   137.76   150.66   151.39   194.55   230.72 S&P Financial Index 100.00   135.59   156.17   153.72   188.69   230.47 S&P 500 Index 100.00   132.37   150.48   152.55   170.78   208.05 December 31, (in dollars)   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   39 Management’s discussion and analysis This section of JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report for the year ended  December 31, 2017  (“Annual Report”), provides Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) of  JPMorgan Chase . See the Glossary of Terms and Acronyms on  pages 283-289  for definitions of terms used throughout this Annual Report. The MD&A included in this Annual Report contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Firm’s actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. Certain of such risks and uncertainties are described herein (see Forward-looking Statements on  page 145 ) and in JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2017  (“ 2017  Form 10-K”), in Part I, Item 1A: Risk factors; reference is hereby made to both. INTRODUCTION  JPMorgan Chase & Co. ,  a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States of America  (“U.S.”) , with operations worldwide; the Firm had  $2.5 trillion  in assets and  $255.7 billion  in stockholders’ equity as of   December 31, 2017 .  The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S. and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients. JPMorgan Chase’s principal bank subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in  23  states, and Chase Bank USA, National Association (“Chase Bank USA, N.A.”), a national banking association that is the Firm’s principal credit card-issuing bank. JPMorgan Chase’s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMorgan Securities”), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm’s principal operating subsidiary in the  U.K.  is J.P. Morgan Securities plc, a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.    For management reporting purposes, the Firm’s activities are organized into  four  major reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate segment. The Firm’s consumer business is the Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”) segment. The Firm’s wholesale business segments are Corporate & Investment Bank (“CIB”), Commercial Banking (“CB”), and Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”). For a description of the Firm’s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases, refer to Business Segment Results on  pages 55–74 , and Note  31 . 40   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW This executive overview of the MD&A highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Annual Report. For a complete description of the trends and uncertainties, as well as the risks and critical accounting estimates affecting the Firm and its various lines of business, this Annual Report should be read in its entirety. Financial performance of JPMorgan Chase     Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data and ratios)   2017 2016   Change Selected income statement data         Total net revenue $ 99,624 $ 95,668   4  % Total noninterest expense 58,434 55,771   5 Pre-provision profit 41,190 39,897   3 Provision for credit losses 5,290 5,361   (1 ) Net income 24,441 24,733   (1 ) Diluted earnings per share 6.31 6.19   2 Selected ratios and metrics         Return on common equity 10 % 10 %     Return on tangible common equity 12 13     Book value per share $ 67.04 $ 64.06   5 Tangible book value per share 53.56 51.44   4 Capital ratios (a)         CET1 12.2 % 12.3 % (b)     Tier 1 capital 13.9 14.0 (b)     Total capital  15.9 15.5     (a) Ratios presented are calculated under the Basel III Transitional rules and represent the Collins Floor. See Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91  for additional information on Basel III. (b) The prior period ratios have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Comparisons noted in the sections below are calculated for the full year of 2017 versus the full year of 2016, unless otherwise specified. Summary of 2017 results JPMorgan Chase reported strong results for full year  2017  with net income of $24.4 billion, or $6.31 per share, on net revenue of $99.6 billion. The Firm reported ROE of 10% and ROTCE of 12%. The Firm’s results included a $2.4 billion decrease to net income as a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”), driven by a deemed repatriation charge and adjustments to the value of the Firm’s tax-oriented investments, partially offset by a benefit from the revaluation of the Firm’s net deferred tax liability. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, refer to Note  24 . • Net income decreased 1% driven by higher noninterest expense and income tax expense, predominantly offset by higher net interest income.  • Total net revenue increased by 4% driven by higher net interest income and investment banking fees, partially    offset by lower Fixed Income Markets and Home Lending noninterest revenue. • Noninterest expense was $58.4 billion, up 5%, driven by higher compensation expense, auto lease depreciation expense and continued investments across the businesses. • The provision for credit losses was $5.3 billion, relatively flat compared with the prior year, reflecting a decrease in the wholesale provision driven by credit quality improvements in the Oil & Gas, Natural Gas Pipelines and Metals & Mining portfolios, offset by an increase in the consumer provision. The increase in the consumer provision was driven by higher net charge-offs and a higher addition to the allowance for loan losses in the credit card portfolio, and the impact of the sale of the student loan portfolio. • The total allowance for credit losses was $14.7 billion at  December 31, 2017 , and the Firm had a loan loss coverage ratio, excluding the PCI portfolio, of 1.27%, compared with 1.34% in the prior year. The Firm’s nonperforming assets totaled $6.4 billion, a decrease from the prior-year level of $7.5 billion. • Firmwide average core loans increased 8%. Selected capital-related metrics   • The Firm’s Basel III Fully Phased-In CET1 capital was $183 billion, and the Standardized and Advanced CET1 ratios were 12.1% and 12.7%, respectively. • The Firm’s Fully Phased-In supplementary leverage ratio (“SLR”) was 6.5%. • The Firm continued to grow tangible book value per share (“TBVPS”), ending 2017 at $53.56, up 4%. ROTCE and TBVPS are non-GAAP financial measures. Core loans and each of the Fully Phased-In capital and leverage measures are considered key performance measures. For a further discussion of each of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Performance Measures on  pages 52–54 , and Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   41 Management’s discussion and analysis Lines of business highlights Selected business metrics for each of the Firm’s four lines of business are presented below for the full year of 2017. CCB ROE 17%   • Average core loans up 9%; average deposits of $640 billion, up 9%  • Client investment assets of $273 billion, up 17% • Credit card sales volume up 14% and merchant processing volume up 12% CIB ROE 14%   • Maintained #1 ranking for Global Investment Banking fees with 8.1% wallet share • Investment Banking revenue up 12%; Treasury Services revenue up 15%; and Securities Services revenue up 9% CB ROE 17%   • Record revenue of $8.6 billion, up 15%; record net income of $3.5 billion, up 33%  • Average loan balances of $198 billion, up 10% AWM ROE 25%   • Record revenue of $12.9 billion, up 7%; record net income of $2.3 billion, up 4% • Average loan balances of $123 billion, up 9% • Record assets under management (“AUM”) of $2.0 trillion, up 15% For a detailed discussion of results by line of business, refer to the Business Segment Results on  pages 55–56 . Credit provided and capital raised JPMorgan Chase continues to support consumers, businesses and communities around the globe. The Firm provided credit and raised capital of $2.3 trillion for wholesale and consumer clients during 2017: • $258 billion of credit for consumers • $22 billion of credit for U.S. small businesses • $817 billion of credit for corporations • $1.1 trillion of capital raised for corporate clients and non-U.S. government entities • $92 billion of credit and capital raised for U.S. government and nonprofit entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and universities.   Recent events • On February 21, 2018, the Firm announced its intent to pursue building a new 2.5 million square foot headquarters at its 270 Park Avenue location in New York City. The project will be subject to various approvals, and the Firm will work closely with the New York City Council and State officials to complete the project in a manner that benefits all constituencies. Once the project’s approvals are granted, redevelopment and construction are expected to begin in 2019 and take approximately five years to complete. The project is not expected to have a material impact on the company’s financial results. • On January 30, 2018, Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway, and JPMorgan Chase announced that they are partnering on ways to address healthcare for their U.S. employees, with the aim of improving employee satisfaction and reducing costs. Through a new independent company, the initial focus will be on technology solutions that will provide U.S. employees and their families with simplified, high-quality and transparent healthcare at a reasonable cost. • On January 29, 2018, JPMorgan Chase announced that Daniel Pinto, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of CIB, and Gordon Smith, CEO of CCB, have been appointed Co-Presidents and Co-Chief Operating Officers (“COO”) of the Firm, effective January 30, 2018, and will continue to report to Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO. In addition to their current roles, Mr. Pinto and Mr. Smith will work closely with Mr. Dimon to help drive critical Firmwide opportunities. Responsibilities for the rest of the Firm’s Operating Committee will remain unchanged, with its members continuing to report to Mr. Dimon. • On January 23, 2018, the Firm announced a $20 billion, five-year comprehensive investment to help its employees and support job and economic growth in the U.S. Through these new investments, the Firm plans to develop hundreds of new branches in several new U.S. markets, increase wages and benefits for hourly U.S. employees, make increased small business and mortgage lending commitments, add approximately 4,000 jobs throughout the country, and increase philanthropic investments. • On December 22, 2017, the TCJA was signed into law. The Firm’s results included a $2.4 billion decrease to net income as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, see Note  24 . • During the second half of 2017, natural disasters caused significant disruptions to individuals and businesses, and damage to homes and communities in several regions where the Firm conducts business. The Firm continues to provide assistance to customers, clients, communities and employees who have been affected by these disasters. These events did not have a material impact on the Firm’s 2017 financial results. 42   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report 2018 outlook These current expectations are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Firm’s actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements on  page 145  and the Risk Factors section on  pages 8–26 . There is no assurance that actual results for the full year of 2018 will be in line with the outlook set forth below, and the Firm does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. JPMorgan Chase’s outlook for 2018 should be viewed against the backdrop of the global and U.S. economies, financial markets activity, the geopolitical environment, the competitive environment, client and customer activity levels, and regulatory and legislative developments in the U.S. and other countries where the Firm does business. Each of these interrelated factors will affect the performance of the Firm and its lines of business. The Firm expects that it will continue to make appropriate adjustments to its businesses and operations in response to ongoing developments in the legal, regulatory, business and economic environments in which it operates. Firmwide • As a result of the change in tax rate due to the TCJA, management expects a reduction in tax-equivalent adjustments, decreasing both revenue and income tax expense, on a managed basis, by approximately $1.2 billion on an annual run-rate basis. • Management expects the new revenue recognition accounting standard to increase both noninterest revenue and expense for full-year 2018 by approximately $1.2 billion, with most of the impact in the AWM business. For additional information on the new accounting standard, see Accounting and Reporting Developments on page  141 . • Management expects first-quarter 2018 net interest income, on a managed basis, to be down modestly compared with the fourth quarter of 2017, driven by the impact of the TCJA and a lower day count. For full-year 2018, management expects net interest income, on a managed basis, to be in the $54 to $55 billion range, market dependent, and assuming expected core loan growth. Management expects Firmwide average core loan growth to be in the 6% to 7% range in 2018, excluding CIB loans. • Excluding the impact of the new revenue recognition accounting standard, management expects Firmwide noninterest revenue for full-year 2018, on a managed basis, to be up approximately 7%, depending on market conditions.   • The Firm continues to take a disciplined approach to managing its expenses, while investing for growth and innovation. As a result, management expects Firmwide adjusted expense for full-year 2018 to be less than $62 billion, excluding the impact of the new revenue recognition accounting standard. • Management estimates the full-year 2018 effective income tax rate to be in the 19% to 20% range, depending upon several factors, including the geographic mix of taxable income and refinements to estimates of the impacts of the TCJA. • Management expects net charge-off rates to remain relatively flat across the wholesale and consumer portfolios, with the exception of Card. CCB • Management expects the full-year 2018 Card Services net revenue rate to be approximately 11.25%. • In Card, management expects the net charge-off rate to increase to approximately 3.25% in 2018. CIB • Markets revenue in the first-quarter 2018 is expected to be up by mid to high single digit percentage points when compared with the prior-year quarter; actual Markets revenue results will continue to be affected by market conditions, which can be volatile. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   43 Management’s discussion and analysis CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This section provides a comparative discussion of JPMorgan Chase’s Consolidated Results of Operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended  December 31, 2017 , unless otherwise specified. Factors that relate primarily to a single business segment are discussed in more detail within that business segment. For a discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm that affect the Consolidated Results of Operations, see  pages 138–140 . Revenue           Year ended December 31, (in millions)           2017   2016   2015 Investment banking fees $ 7,248   $ 6,448   $ 6,751 Principal transactions 11,347   11,566   10,408 Lending- and deposit-related fees 5,933   5,774   5,694 Asset management, administration and commissions 15,377   14,591   15,509 Securities gains/(losses) (66 )   141   202 Mortgage fees and related income 1,616   2,491   2,513 Card income 4,433   4,779   5,924 Other income (a) 3,639   3,795   3,032 Noninterest revenue 49,527   49,585   50,033 Net interest income 50,097   46,083   43,510 Total net revenue $ 99,624   $ 95,668   $ 93,543 (a) Included operating lease income of  $3.6 billion ,  $2.7 billion  and  $2.1 billion  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. 2017 compared with 2016 Investment banking fees  increased reflecting higher debt and equity underwriting fees in CIB. The increase in debt underwriting fees was driven by a higher share of fees and an overall increase in industry-wide fees; and the increase in equity underwriting fees was driven by growth in industry-wide issuance, including a strong initial public offering (“IPO”) market. For additional information, see CIB segment results on  pages 62–66  and Note  6 . Principal transactions revenue  decreased compared with a strong prior year in CIB, primarily reflecting: • lower Fixed Income-related revenue driven by sustained low volatility and tighter credit spreads partially offset by • higher Equity-related revenue primarily in Prime Services, and • higher Lending-related revenue reflecting lower fair value losses on hedges of accrual loans. For additional information, see CIB and Corporate segment results on  pages 62–66  and  pages 73–74 , respectively, and Note  6 . Asset management, administration and commissions revenue  increased as a result of higher asset management fees in AWM and CCB, and higher asset-based fees in CIB, both driven by higher market levels. For additional information, see AWM, CCB and CIB segment results on  pages 70–72 ,  pages 57-61  and  pages 62–66 , respectively, and Note  6 .    For information on lending- and deposit-related fees, see the segment results for CCB on  pages 57-61 , CIB on  pages 62–66 , and CB on  pages 67–69  and Note  6 ; on securities gains, see the Corporate segment discussion on  pages 73–74 . Mortgage fees and related income  decreased driven by lower MSR risk management results, lower net production revenue on lower margins and volumes, and lower servicing revenue on lower average third-party loans serviced. For further information, see CCB segment results on  pages 57-61 , Note  6  and  15 . Card income  decreased predominantly driven by higher credit card new account origination costs, largely offset  by higher card-related fees, primarily annual fees. For further information, see CCB segment results on  pages 57-61  . Other income  decreased primarily due to: • lower other income in CIB largely driven by a $520 million impact related to the enactment of the TCJA, which reduced the value of certain of CIB’s tax-oriented investments, and • the absence in the current year of gains from – the sale of Visa Europe interests in CCB, – the redemption of guaranteed capital debt securities (“trust preferred securities”), and – the disposal of an asset in AWM partially offset by • higher operating lease income reflecting growth in auto operating lease volume in CCB, and  • a legal benefit of $645 million recorded in the second quarter of 2017 in Corporate related to a settlement with the FDIC receivership for Washington Mutual and with Deutsche Bank as trustee of certain Washington Mutual trusts. For further information, see Note  6 . Net interest income  increased primarily driven by the net impact of higher rates and loan growth across the businesses, partially offset by declines in Markets net interest income in CIB. The Firm’s average interest-earning assets were $2.2 trillion, up $79 billion from the prior year, and the net interest yield on these assets, on a fully taxable equivalent (“FTE”) basis, was 2.36%, an increase of 11 basis points from the prior year. 44   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report 2016 compared with 2015 Investment banking fees  decreased predominantly due to lower equity underwriting fees driven by declines in industry-wide fee levels.  Principal transactions revenue  increased reflecting broad-based strength across products in CIB’s Fixed Income Markets business. Rates performance was strong, with increased client activity driven by high issuance-based flows, global political developments, and central bank actions. Credit revenue improved driven by higher market- making revenue from the secondary market as clients’ appetite for risk recovered.  Asset management, administration and commissions revenue  decreased reflecting lower asset management fees in AWM driven by a reduction in revenue related to the disposal of assets at the beginning of 2016, the impact of lower average equity market levels and lower performance fees, as well as due to lower brokerage commissions and other fees in CIB and AWM.  Mortgage fees and related income  were relatively flat, as lower mortgage servicing revenue related to lower average third-party loans serviced was predominantly offset by higher MSR risk management results.  Card income  decreased predominantly driven by higher new account origination costs and the impact of renegotiated co-brand partnership agreements, partially offset by higher card sales volume and other card-related fees.  Other income  increased primarily reflecting:  ▪ higher operating lease income from growth in auto operating lease assets in CCB ▪ a gain on the sale of Visa Europe interests in CCB ▪ a gain related to the redemption of guaranteed capital debt securities ▪ the absence of losses recognized in 2015 related to the accelerated amortization of cash flow hedges associated with the exit of certain non-operating deposits ▪ a gain on disposal of an asset in AWM partially offset by ▪ a $514 million benefit recorded in the prior year from a legal settlement in Corporate. Net interest income  increased primarily driven by loan growth across the businesses and the net impact of higher rates, partially offset by lower investment securities balances and higher interest expense on long-term debt. The Firm’s average interest-earning assets were $2.1 trillion in 2016, up $13 billion from the prior year, and the net interest yield on these assets, on a FTE basis, was 2.25%, an increase of 11 basis points from the prior year.   Provision for credit losses         Year ended December 31,           (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Consumer, excluding credit card $ 620   $ 467   $ (81 ) Credit card 4,973   4,042   3,122 Total consumer 5,593   4,509   3,041 Wholesale (303 )   852   786 Total provision for credit losses $ 5,290   $ 5,361   $ 3,827 2017 compared with 2016 The  provision for credit losses   decreased as a result of:  • a net $422 million reduction in the wholesale allowance for credit losses, reflecting credit quality improvements in the Oil & Gas , Natural Gas Pipelines, and Metals & Mining portfolios , compared with an addition of $511 million in the prior year driven by downgrades in the same portfolios   predominantly  offset by • a higher consumer provision driven by – $450 million of higher net charge-offs, primarily in the credit card portfolio due to growth in newer vintages which, as anticipated, have higher loss rates than the more seasoned portion of the portfolio, partially offset by a decrease in net charge-offs in the residential real estate portfolio reflecting continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, – a $416 million higher addition to the allowance for credit losses related to the credit card portfolio driven by higher loss rates and loan growth, and a lower reduction in the allowance for the residential real estate portfolio predominantly driven by continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, and – a $218 million impact in connection with the sale of the student loan portfolio. For a more detailed discussion of the credit portfolio, the student loan sale and the allowance for credit losses, see the segment discussions of CCB on  pages 57-61 , CIB on  pages 62–66 , CB on  pages 67–69 , the Allowance for Credit Losses on  pages 117–119  and Note  13 . 2016 compared with 2015 The  provision for credit losses  reflected an increase in the  consumer provision and, to a lesser extent, the wholesale provision. The increase in the consumer provision was predominantly driven by: ▪ a $920 million increase related to the credit card portfolio, due to a $600 million addition in the allowance for loan losses, as well as $320 million of higher net charge-offs, driven by loan growth (including growth in newer vintages which, as anticipated, have higher loss rates compared to the overall portfolio), and JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   45 Management’s discussion and analysis ▪ a $470 million lower benefit related to the residential real estate portfolio, as the reduction in the allowance for loan losses in 2016 was lower than the prior year. The reduction in both periods reflected continued improvements in home prices and lower delinquencies.  The increase in the wholesale provision was largely driven by the impact of downgrades in the Oil & Gas and Natural Gas Pipelines portfolios.  Noninterest expense         Year ended December 31,   (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Compensation expense $ 31,009   $ 29,979   $ 29,750 Noncompensation expense:           Occupancy 3,723   3,638   3,768 Technology, communications and equipment 7,706   6,846   6,193 Professional and outside services 6,840   6,655   7,002 Marketing 2,900   2,897   2,708 Other (a)(b) 6,256   5,756   9,593 Total noncompensation expense 27,425   25,792   29,264 Total noninterest expense $ 58,434   $ 55,771   $ 59,014 (a) Included Firmwide legal expense/(benefit) of  $(35) million ,  $(317) million  and  $3.0 billion  for the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. (b) Included FDIC-related expense of  $1.5 billion ,  $1.3 billion  and  $1.2 billion  for the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 2017 compared with 2016 Compensation expense  increased predominantly driven by investments in headcount in most businesses, including bankers and business-related support staff, and higher performance-based compensation expense, predominantly in AWM. Noncompensation expense  increased as a result of: • higher depreciation expense from growth in auto operating lease volume in CCB • contributions to the Firm’s Foundation • a lower legal net benefit compared to the prior year • higher FDIC-related expense, and • an impairment in CB on certain leased equipment, the majority of which was sold subsequent to year-end partially offset by • the absence in the current year of two items totaling $175 million in CCB related to liabilities from a merchant in bankruptcy and mortgage servicing reserves. For a discussion of legal expense, see Note  29 .   2016 compared with 2015 Compensation expense  was relatively flat predominantly driven by higher performance-based compensation expense and investments in several businesses, offset by the impact of continued expense reduction initiatives, including lower headcount in certain businesses. Noncompensation expense  decreased as a result of lower legal expense (including lower legal professional services expense), the impact of efficiencies, and reduced non-U.S. tax surcharges. These factors were partially offset by higher depreciation expense from growth in auto operating lease assets and higher investments in marketing.  Income tax expense           Year ended December 31, (in millions, except rate)           2017   2016   2015 Income before income tax expense $ 35,900   $ 34,536   $ 30,702 Income tax expense 11,459   9,803   6,260 Effective tax rate 31.9 %   28.4 %   20.4 % 2017 compared with 2016 The  effective tax rate  increased in 2017 driven by: • a $1.9 billion increase to income tax expense representing the impact of the enactment of the TCJA. The increase was driven by the deemed repatriation of the Firm’s unremitted non-U.S. earnings and adjustments to the value of certain tax-oriented investments, partially offset by a benefit from the revaluation of the Firm’s net deferred tax liability. The incremental expense resulted in a 5.4 percentage point increase to the Firm’s effective tax rate partially offset by • benefits resulting from the vesting of employee share-based awards related to the appreciation of the Firm’s stock price upon vesting above their original grant price, and the release of a valuation allowance.  For further information, see Note  24 . 2016 compared with 2015 The  effective tax rate  in 2016 was affected by changes in the mix of income and expense subject to U.S. federal and state and local taxes, tax benefits related to the utilization of certain deferred tax assets, as well as the adoption of new accounting guidance related to employee share-based incentive payments. These tax benefits were partially offset by higher income tax expense from tax audits. The lower effective tax rate in 2015 was predominantly driven by $2.9 billion of tax benefits, which reduced the Firm’s effective tax rate by 9.4 percentage points. The recognition of tax benefits in 2015 resulted from the resolution of various tax audits, as well as the release of U.S. deferred taxes associated with the restructuring of certain non-U.S. entities. 46   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AND CASH FLOWS ANALYSIS Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis The following is a discussion of the significant changes between  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . Selected Consolidated balance sheets data   December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016 Change Assets         Cash and due from banks $ 25,827   $ 23,873 8  % Deposits with banks 404,294   365,762 11 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 198,422   229,967 (14 ) Securities borrowed 105,112   96,409 9 Trading assets:         Debt and equity instruments 325,321   308,052 6 Derivative receivables 56,523   64,078 (12 ) Securities 249,958   289,059 (14 ) Loans 930,697   894,765 4 Allowance for loan losses (13,604 )   (13,776 ) (1 ) Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 917,093   880,989 4 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 67,729   52,330 29 Premises and equipment 14,159   14,131 — Goodwill, MSRs and other intangible assets 54,392   54,246 — Other assets 114,770   112,076 2 Total assets $ 2,533,600   $ 2,490,972 2  % Cash and due from banks and deposits with banks  increased primarily driven by deposit growth and a shift in the deployment of excess cash from securities purchased under resale agreements and investment securities into deposits with banks. The Firm’s excess cash is placed with various central banks, predominantly Federal Reserve Banks. Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements  decreased primarily due to the shift in the deployment of excess cash to deposits with banks and lower client activity in CIB. For additional information on the Firm’s Liquidity Risk Management, see  pages 92–97 . Securities borrowed  increased driven by higher demand for securities to cover short positions related to client-driven market-making activities in CIB. Trading assets – debt and equity instruments  increased predominantly as a result of client-driven market-making activities in CIB, primarily in Fixed Income Markets and Prime Services, partially offset by lower equity instruments in Equity Markets. For additional information, refer to  Note  2 . Trading assets and trading liabilities – derivative receivables and payables   decreased predominantly as a result of client-driven market-making activities in CIB Markets, which reduced foreign exchange and interest rate derivative receivables and payables, and increased equity derivative receivables, driven by market movements.  For additional information, refer to Derivative contracts on  pages 114–115 , and Notes  2  and  5 .    Securities  decreased primarily reflecting net sales, maturities and paydowns of U.S. Treasuries, non-U.S. government securities and collateralized loan obligations. For additional information, see Notes  2  and  10 . Loans  increased reflecting: • higher wholesale loans driven by new originations in CB and higher loans to Private Banking clients in AWM • higher consumer loans driven by higher retention of originated high-quality prime mortgages in CCB and AWM,  and higher credit card loans, largely offset by the sale of the student loan portfolio, lower home equity loans and the run-off of PCI loans. The  allowance for loan losses  decreased driven by:  • a net reduction in the wholesale allowance, reflecting credit quality improvements in the  Oil & Gas, Natural Gas Pipelines and Metals & Mining portfolios (compared with additions to the allowance in the prior year  driven by downgrades in the same portfolios ) largely offset by  • a net increase in the consumer allowance, reflecting additions to the allowance for the credit card and business banking portfolios, driven by loan growth in both of these portfolios and higher loss rates in the credit card portfolio, largely offset by a reduction in the allowance for the residential real estate portfolio, predominantly driven by continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, and the utilization of the allowance in connection with the sale of the student loan portfolio. For a more detailed discussion of loans and the allowance for loan losses, refer to Credit and Investment Risk Management on  pages 99–120 , and Notes  2 ,  3 ,  12  and  13 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   47 Management’s discussion and analysis Accrued interest and accounts receivable increased primarily reflecting higher held-for-investment margin loans related to client-driven financing activities in Prime Services.   Other assets  increased slightly as a result of higher auto operating lease assets from growth in business volume in CCB. For information on Goodwill and MSRs, see Note  15 . Selected Consolidated balance sheets data   December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016 Change Liabilities         Deposits $ 1,443,982   $ 1,375,179 5 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 158,916   165,666 (4 ) Short-term borrowings 51,802   34,443 50 Trading liabilities:         Debt and equity instruments 85,886   87,428 (2 ) Derivative payables 37,777   49,231 (23 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities 189,383   190,543 (1 ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”) 26,081   39,047 (33 ) Long-term debt 284,080   295,245 (4 ) Total liabilities 2,277,907   2,236,782 2 Stockholders’ equity 255,693   254,190 1 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 2,533,600   $ 2,490,972 2  % Deposits  increased due to: • higher consumer deposits  reflecting  the continuation of strong growth from new and existing customers, and low attrition rates    • higher wholesale deposits largely  driven by growth in client cash management activity in CIB’s Securities Services business, partially offset by lower balances in AWM reflecting balance migration predominantly into the Firm’s investment-related products .   For more information, refer to the Liquidity Risk Management discussion on  pages 92–97 ; and Notes  2   and  17 . Short-term borrowings  increased  primarily due to higher issuance of commercial paper reflecting in part a change in the mix of funding from securities sold under repurchase agreements for CIB Markets activities.  For additional information, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 92–97 .   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs decreased due to net maturities of credit card securitizations and the deconsolidation of the student loan securitization entities in connection with the portfolio’s sale. For further information on Firm-sponsored VIEs and loan securitization trusts, see Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements on  pages 50–51  and Note  14  and  27 ; and for the sale of the student loan portfolio, see CCB segment results on  pages 57-61 . Long-term debt  decreased reflecting lower Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) advances, partially offset by the net issuance of senior debt and the net issuance of structured notes in CIB driven by client demand. For additional information on the Firm’s long-term debt activities, see Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 92–97  and Note  19 . For information on changes in stockholders’ equity, see  page 151 , and on the Firm’s capital actions, see Capital actions on  pages 89-90 . 48   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Consolidated Cash Flows Analysis (in millions)   Year ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Net cash provided by/(used in)             Operating activities   $ (2,501 )   $ 20,196   $ 73,466 Investing activities   (10,283 )   (114,949 )   106,980 Financing activities   14,642   98,271   (187,511 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash   96   (135 )   (276 ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks   $ 1,954   $ 3,383   $ (7,341 ) Operating activities  JPMorgan Chase’s operating assets and liabilities support the Firm’s lending and capital markets activities. These assets and liabilities can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of cash flows, which are affected by client-driven and risk management activities and market conditions. The Firm believes cash flows from operations, available cash and other liquidity sources, and its capacity to generate cash through secured and unsecured sources are sufficient to meet operating liquidity needs. • In 2017, cash used reflected an increase in held-for-investment margin loans in accrued interest and accounts receivable and a decrease in trading liabilities.  • In 2016, cash provided reflected increases in accounts payable and trading liabilities, partially offset by cash used reflecting an increase in trading assets, an increase in accounts receivable from merchants and higher client receivables.  • In 2015, cash provided reflected decreases in trading assets and in accounts receivable, partially offset by cash used due to a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities.    Investing activities The Firm’s investing activities predominantly include originating held-for-investment loans and investing in the securities portfolio and other short-term interest-earning assets. • In 2017, cash used primarily reflected net originations of loans and a net increase in short-term interest-earning assets, partially offset by net proceeds from paydowns, maturities, sales and purchases of investment securities. • In 2016, cash used reflected net originations of loans, an increase in short-term interest-earning assets, an increase in securities purchased under resale agreements, and the deployment of excess cash.  • In 2015, cash provided predominantly reflected lower short-term interest-earning assets, and net proceeds from lower investment securities, partially offset by cash used for net originations of loans.  Financing activities The Firm’s financing activities include acquiring customer deposits and issuing long-term debt, as well as preferred and common stock. • In 2017, cash provided reflected higher deposits and short-term borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in long-term borrowings.  • In 2016, cash provided reflected higher deposits, and an increase in securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, and net proceeds from long term borrowings. • In 2015, cash used reflected lower deposits and short-term borrowings, partially offset by net proceeds from long-term borrowings. Additionally, in 2015 cash outflows reflected a decrease in securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements. • For all periods, cash was used for repurchases of common stock and cash dividends on common and preferred stock.  *     *     * For a further discussion of the activities affecting the Firm’s cash flows, see Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on  pages 47-48  , Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91 , and Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 92–97 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   49 Management’s discussion and analysis OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS  In the normal course of business, the Firm enters into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. Certain obligations are recognized on-balance sheet, while others are off-balance sheet under accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”).  The Firm is involved with several types of off–balance sheet arrangements, including through nonconsolidated SPEs, which are a type of VIE, and through lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees). The Firm holds capital, as deemed appropriate, against all SPE-related transactions and related exposures, such as    derivative transactions and lending-related commitments and guarantees.  The Firm has no commitments to issue its own stock to support any SPE transaction, and its policies require that transactions with SPEs be conducted at arm’s length and reflect market pricing. Consistent with this policy, no JPMorgan Chase employee is permitted to invest in SPEs with which the Firm is involved where such investment would violate the Firm’s Code of Conduct. The table below provides an index of where in this Annual Report a discussion of the Firm’s various off-balance sheet arrangements can be found. In addition, see Note 1 for information about the Firm’s consolidation policies. Type of off-balance sheet arrangement Location of disclosure Page references Special-purpose entities: variable interests and other obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs See Note 14 236–243 Off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees, and other commitments See Note 27 261–266 50   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Contractual cash obligations  The accompanying table summarizes, by remaining maturity,  JPMorgan Chase ’s significant contractual cash obligations at  December 31, 2017 . The contractual cash obligations included in the table below reflect the minimum contractual obligation under legally enforceable contracts with terms that are both fixed and determinable. Excluded from the below table are certain liabilities with variable cash flows and/or no obligation to return a stated amount of principal at maturity.   The carrying amount of on-balance sheet obligations on the Consolidated balance sheets may differ from the minimum contractual amount of the obligations reported below. For a discussion of mortgage repurchase liabilities and other obligations, see Note  27 . Contractual cash obligations           By remaining maturity at December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2018 2019-2020 2021-2022 After 2022 Total Total On-balance sheet obligations             Deposits (a) $ 1,421,174 $ 5,276 $ 4,810 $ 6,204 $ 1,437,464 $ 1,368,866 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 133,779 4,198 4,958 15,981 158,916 165,666 Short-term borrowings (a) 42,664 — — — 42,664 26,497 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 13,636 9,542 2,544 314 26,036 38,927 Long-term debt (a) 37,211 63,685 43,180 116,819 260,895 288,315 Other (b) 4,726 2,146 2,080 4,573 13,525 8,980 Total on-balance sheet obligations 1,653,190 84,847 57,572 143,891 1,939,500 1,897,251 Off-balance sheet obligations             Unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements (c) 76,859 — — — 76,859 50,722 Contractual interest payments (d) 9,248 11,046 7,471 26,338 54,103 48,862 Operating leases (e) 1,526 2,750 1,844 3,757 9,877 10,115 Equity investment commitments (f) 174 46 19 515 754 1,068 Contractual purchases and capital expenditures 1,923 937 439 204 3,503 2,566 Obligations under co-brand programs 249 500 478 207 1,434 868 Total off-balance sheet obligations 89,979 15,279 10,251 31,021 146,530 114,201 Total contractual cash obligations $ 1,743,169 $ 100,126 $ 67,823 $ 174,912 $ 2,086,030 $ 2,011,452 (a) Excludes structured notes on which the Firm is not obligated to return a stated amount of principal at the maturity of the notes, but is obligated to return an amount based on the performance of the structured notes. (b) Primarily includes dividends declared on preferred and common stock, deferred annuity contracts, pension and other postretirement employee benefit obligations, insurance liabilities and income taxes payable associated with the deemed repatriation under the TCJA. (c) For further information, refer to unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements in Note  27 . (d) Includes accrued interest and future contractual interest obligations. Excludes interest related to structured notes for which the Firm’s payment obligation is based on the performance of certain benchmarks. (e) Includes noncancelable operating leases for premises and equipment used primarily for banking purposes. Excludes the benefit of noncancelable sublease rentals of  $1.0 billion  and $ 1.4 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. See Note  28  for more information on lease commitments. (f) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , included unfunded commitments of  $40 million  and  $48 million , respectively, to third-party private equity funds, and  $714 million  and  $1.0 billion  of unfunded commitments, respectively, to other equity investments.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   51 Management’s discussion and analysis EXPLANATION AND RECONCILIATION OF THE FIRM’S USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES AND KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES Non-GAAP financial measures The Firm prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements using U.S. GAAP; these financial statements appear on  pages 148–152 . That presentation, which is referred to as “reported” basis, provides the reader with an understanding of the Firm’s results that can be tracked consistently from year-to-year and enables a comparison of the Firm’s performance with other companies’ U.S. GAAP financial statements. In addition to analyzing the Firm’s results on a reported basis, management reviews Firmwide results, including the overhead ratio, on a “managed” basis; these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm (and each of the reportable business segments) on a FTE basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. These financial measures allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding    income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by the lines of business. Management also uses certain non-GAAP financial measures at the Firm and business-segment level, because these other non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors about the underlying operational performance and trends of the Firm or of the particular business segment, as the case may be, and, therefore, facilitate a comparison of the Firm or the business segment with the performance of its relevant competitors. For additional information on these non-GAAP measures, see Business Segment Results on  pages 55–74 . Additionally, certain credit metrics and ratios disclosed by the Firm exclude PCI loans, and are therefore non-GAAP measures. For additional information on these non-GAAP measures, see Credit and Investment Risk Management on  pages 99–120 . Non-GAAP financial measures used by the Firm may not be comparable to similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.  The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results to managed basis.   2017   2016   2015 Year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except ratios) Reported Results   Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a)   Managed basis   Reported Results   Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a)   Managed basis   Reported Results   Fully taxable-equivalent adjustments (a)   Managed basis Other income $ 3,639   $ 2,704 (b)   $ 6,343   $ 3,795   $ 2,265   $ 6,060   $ 3,032   $ 1,980   $ 5,012 Total noninterest revenue 49,527   2,704   52,231   49,585   2,265   51,850   50,033   1,980   52,013 Net interest income 50,097   1,313   51,410   46,083   1,209   47,292   43,510   1,110   44,620 Total net revenue 99,624   4,017   103,641   95,668   3,474   99,142   93,543   3,090   96,633 Pre-provision profit 41,190   4,017   45,207   39,897   3,474   43,371   34,529   3,090   37,619 Income before income tax expense 35,900   4,017   39,917   34,536   3,474   38,010   30,702   3,090   33,792 Income tax expense 11,459   4,017 (b)   15,476   9,803   3,474   13,277   6,260   3,090   9,350 Overhead ratio 59 %   NM   56 %   58 %   NM   56 %   63 %   NM   61 % (a) Predominantly recognized in CIB and CB business segments and Corporate. (b) Included $375 million related to tax-oriented investments as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. 52   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Net interest income excluding CIB’s Markets businesses In addition to reviewing net interest income on a managed basis, management also reviews net interest income excluding net interest income arising from CIB’s Markets businesses to assess the performance of the Firm’s lending, investing (including asset-liability management) and deposit-raising activities. This net interest income is referred to as non-markets related net interest income. CIB’s Markets businesses are Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Management believes that disclosure of non-markets related net interest income provides investors and analysts with another measure by which to analyze the non-markets-related business trends of the Firm and provides a comparable measure to other financial institutions that are primarily focused on lending, investing and deposit-raising activities. The data presented below are non-GAAP financial measures due to the exclusion of markets related net interest income arising from CIB. Year ended December 31,  (in millions, except rates) 2017 2016 2015 Net interest income – managed basis (a)(b) $ 51,410 $ 47,292 $ 44,620 Less: CIB Markets net interest income (c) 4,630 6,334 5,298 Net interest income excluding CIB Markets (a) $ 46,780 $ 40,958 $ 39,322 Average interest-earning assets $ 2,180,592 $ 2,101,604 $ 2,088,242 Less: Average CIB Markets interest-earning assets (c) 540,835 520,307 510,292 Average interest-earning assets excluding CIB Markets $ 1,639,757 $ 1,581,297 $ 1,577,950 Net interest yield on average interest-earning assets – managed basis 2.36 % 2.25 % 2.14 % Net interest yield on average CIB Markets interest-earning assets (c) 0.86 1.22 1.04 Net interest yield on average interest-earning assets excluding CIB Markets 2.85 % 2.59 % 2.49 % (a) Interest includes the effect of related hedges. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. (b) For a reconciliation of net interest income on a reported and managed basis, see reconciliation from the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results to managed basis on page  52 . (c) The amounts in this table differ from the prior-period presentation to align with CIB’s Markets businesses. For further information on CIB’s Markets businesses, see page  65 .   Calculation of certain U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures Certain U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are calculated as follows: Book value per share (“BVPS”) Common stockholders’ equity at period-end / Common shares at period-end Overhead ratio Total noninterest expense / Total net revenue Return on assets (“ROA”) Reported net income / Total average assets Return on common equity (“ROE”) Net income* / Average common stockholders’ equity Return on tangible common equity (“ROTCE”) Net income* / Average tangible common equity Tangible book value per share (“TBVPS”) Tangible common equity at period-end / Common shares at period-end * Represents net income applicable to common equity JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   53 Management’s discussion and analysis Tangible common equity, ROTCE and TBVPS Tangible common equity (“TCE”), ROTCE and TBVPS are each non-GAAP financial measures. TCE represents the Firm’s common stockholders’ equity (i.e., total stockholders’ equity less preferred stock) less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs), net of related deferred tax liabilities. ROTCE measures the Firm’s net income applicable to common equity as a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s use of equity.  The following summary table provides a reconciliation from the Firm’s common stockholders’ equity to TCE.   Period-end   Average   Dec 31,  2017 Dec 31,  2016   Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share and ratio data)   2017 2016 2015 Common stockholders’ equity $ 229,625 $ 228,122   $ 230,350 $ 224,631 $ 215,690 Less: Goodwill 47,507 47,288   47,317 47,310 47,445 Less: Other intangible assets 855 862   832 922 1,092 Add: Certain Deferred tax liabilities (a)(b) 2,204 3,230   3,116 3,212 2,964 Tangible common equity $ 183,467 $ 183,202   $ 185,317 $ 179,611 $ 170,117               Return on tangible common equity NA NA   12 % 13 % 13 % Tangible book value per share $ 53.56 $ 51.44   NA NA NA (a) Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and to identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles when calculating TCE. (b) Includes the effect from the revaluation of the Firm’s net deferred tax liability as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. Key performance measures The Firm considers the following to be key regulatory capital measures:  • Capital, risk-weighted assets (“RWA”), and capital and leverage ratios presented under Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In rules, and • SLR calculated under Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In rules.  The Firm, as well as banking regulators, investors and analysts, use these measures to assess the Firm’s regulatory capital position and to compare the Firm’s regulatory capital to that of other financial services companies. For additional information on these measures, see Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91 .    Core loans are also considered a key performance measure. Core loans represent loans considered central to the Firm’s ongoing businesses; and exclude loans classified as trading assets, runoff portfolios, discontinued portfolios and portfolios the Firm has an intent to exit. Core loans is a measure utilized by the Firm and its investors and analysts in assessing actual growth in the loan portfolio . 54   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS The Firm is managed on a line of business basis. There are four major reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset & Wealth Management. In addition, there is a Corporate segment.   The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on a managed basis. For a definition of managed basis, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, on  pages 52–54 .   JPMorgan Chase       Consumer Businesses   Wholesale Businesses       Consumer & Community Banking   Corporate & Investment Bank   Commercial Banking   Asset & Wealth Management                               Consumer &  Business Banking   Home Lending (a)   Card, Merchant Services & Auto (b)   Banking   Markets &  Investor Services    •   Middle Market Banking    •  Asset Management    •  Consumer Banking/Chase Wealth Management  •  Business Banking    •  Home Lending Production  •  Home Lending Servicing  •  Real Estate Portfolios  • Card Services  – Credit Card  – Merchant Services  • Auto   •  Investment Banking  •  Treasury Services  •  Lending  •  Fixed  Income  Markets  •   Corporate Client Banking  •  Wealth Management    •  Equity Markets  •  Securities Services  •  Credit Adjustments & Other  •   Commercial Term Lending    •   Real Estate Banking   (a) Formerly Mortgage Banking (b) Formerly Card, Commerce Solutions & Auto Description of business segment reporting methodology  Results of the business segments are intended to reflect each segment as if it were essentially a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives business segment results includes the allocation of certain income and expense items described in more detail below. The Firm also assesses the level of capital required for each line of business on at least an annual basis. The Firm periodically assesses the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, and further refinements may be implemented in future periods. Revenue sharing  When business segments join efforts to sell products and services to the Firm’s clients, the participating business segments agree to share revenue from those transactions. The segment results reflect these revenue-sharing agreements.   Funds transfer pricing  Funds transfer pricing is used to assign interest income and expense to each business segment and to transfer the primary interest rate risk and liquidity risk exposures to Treasury and CIO within Corporate. The funds transfer pricing process considers the interest rate risk, liquidity risk and regulatory requirements of a business segment as if it were operating independently. This process is overseen by senior management and reviewed by the Firm’s Asset-Liability Committee (“ALCO”). JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   55 Management’s discussion and analysis Debt expense and preferred stock dividend allocation As part of the funds transfer pricing process, almost all of the cost of the credit spread component of outstanding unsecured long-term debt and preferred stock dividends is allocated to the reportable business segments, while the balance of the cost is retained in Corporate. The methodology to allocate the cost of unsecured long-term debt and preferred stock dividends to the business segments is aligned with the Firm’s process to allocate capital. The allocated cost of unsecured long-term debt is included in a business segment’s net interest income, and net income is reduced by preferred stock dividends to arrive at a business segment’s net income applicable to common equity.  Business segment capital allocation  The amount of capital assigned to each business is referred to as equity.  On at least an annual basis, the Firm assesses the level of capital required for each line of business as well as the assumptions and methodologies used to allocate    capital.  For additional information on business segment capital allocation, see Line of business equity on  page 89 . Expense allocation Where business segments use services provided by corporate support units, or another business segment, the costs of those services are allocated to the respective business segments. The expense is generally allocated based on the actual cost and use of services provided. In contrast, certain other costs related to corporate support units, or to certain technology and operations, are not allocated to the business segments and are retained in Corporate. Expense retained in Corporate generally includes parent company costs that would not be incurred if the segments were stand-alone businesses; adjustments to align corporate support units; and other items not aligned with a particular business segment.  Segment Results – Managed Basis The following tables summarize the business segment results for the periods indicated. Year ended December 31, Total net revenue   Total noninterest expense   Pre-provision profit/(loss) (in millions) 2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Consumer & Community Banking $ 46,485 $ 44,915 $ 43,820   $ 26,062 $ 24,905 $ 24,909   $ 20,423 $ 20,010 $ 18,911 Corporate & Investment Bank 34,493 35,216 33,542   19,243 18,992 21,361   15,250 16,224 12,181 Commercial Banking 8,605 7,453 6,885   3,327 2,934 2,881   5,278 4,519 4,004 Asset & Wealth Management 12,918 12,045 12,119   9,301 8,478 8,886   3,617 3,567 3,233 Corporate 1,140 (487 ) 267   501 462 977   639 (949 ) (710 ) Total $ 103,641 $ 99,142 $ 96,633   $ 58,434 $ 55,771 $ 59,014   $ 45,207 $ 43,371 $ 37,619 Year ended December 31, Provision for credit losses   Net income/(loss)   Return on equity (in millions, except ratios) 2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Consumer & Community Banking $ 5,572 $ 4,494 $ 3,059   $ 9,395 $ 9,714 $ 9,789   17 % 18 % 18 % Corporate & Investment Bank (45 ) 563 332   10,813 10,815 8,090   14 16 12 Commercial Banking (276 ) 282 442   3,539 2,657 2,191   17 16 15 Asset & Wealth Management 39 26 4   2,337 2,251 1,935   25 24 21 Corporate — (4 ) (10 )   (1,643 ) (704 ) 2,437    NM  NM  NM Total $ 5,290 $ 5,361 $ 3,827   $ 24,441 $ 24,733 $ 24,442   10 % 10 % 11 % The following sections provide a comparative discussion of business segment results as of or for the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . 56   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report CONSUMER & COMMUNITY BANKING Consumer & Community Banking offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, ATMs, online, mobile and telephone banking. CCB is organized into Consumer & Business Banking (including Consumer Banking/Chase Wealth Management and Business Banking), Home Lending (including Home Lending Production, Home Lending Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card, Merchant Services & Auto. Consumer & Business Banking offers deposit and investment products and services to consumers, and lending, deposit, and cash management and payment solutions to small businesses. Home Lending includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card, Merchant Services & Auto issues credit cards to consumers and small businesses, offers payment processing services to merchants, and originates and services auto loans and leases.   Selected income statement data         Year ended December 31,   (in millions, except ratios) 2017   2016   2015 Revenue           Lending- and deposit-related fees $ 3,431   $ 3,231   $ 3,137 Asset management, administration and commissions 2,212   2,093   2,172 Mortgage fees and related income 1,613   2,490   2,511 Card income 4,024   4,364   5,491 All other income 3,430   3,077   2,281 Noninterest revenue 14,710   15,255   15,592 Net interest income 31,775   29,660   28,228 Total net revenue 46,485   44,915   43,820             Provision for credit losses 5,572   4,494   3,059             Noninterest expense           Compensation expense 10,159   9,723   9,770 Noncompensation expense (a) 15,903   15,182   15,139 Total noninterest expense 26,062   24,905   24,909 Income before income tax expense 14,851   15,516   15,852 Income tax expense 5,456   5,802   6,063 Net income $ 9,395   $ 9,714   $ 9,789             Revenue by line of business           Consumer & Business Banking $ 21,104   $ 18,659   $ 17,983 Home Lending 5,955   7,361   6,817 Card, Merchant Services & Auto 19,426   18,895   19,020             Mortgage fees and related income details:            Net production revenue 636   853   769 Net mortgage servicing    revenue (b) 977   1,637   1,742 Mortgage fees and related income $ 1,613   $ 2,490   $ 2,511             Financial ratios           Return on equity 17 %   18 %   18 % Overhead ratio 56   55   57 Note: In the discussion and the tables which follow, CCB presents certain financial measures which exclude the impact of PCI loans; these are non-GAAP financial measures.  (a) Included operating lease depreciation expense of $2.7 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.4 billion for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (b) Included MSR risk management results of $(242) million, $217 million and $(117) million for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   57 Management’s discussion and analysis 2017 compared with 2016 Net income was $9.4 billion, a decrease of 3%, driven by higher noninterest expense and provision for credit losses, largely offset by higher net revenue. Net revenue was $46.5 billion, an increase of 3%. Net interest income was $31.8 billion, up 7%, driven by higher deposit balances, deposit margin expansion, and higher loan balances in Card, partially offset by loan spread compression from higher rates, including the impact of higher funding costs in Home Lending and Auto and the impact of the sale of the student loan portfolio. Noninterest revenue was $14.7 billion, down 4%, driven by: • higher new account origination costs in Card,  • lower MSR risk management results, • the absence in the current year of a gain on the sale of Visa Europe interests, • lower net production revenue reflecting lower mortgage production margins and volumes, and • lower mortgage servicing revenue as a result of a lower level of third-party loans serviced largely offset by  • higher auto lease volume and  • higher card- and deposit-related fees.  See Note  15  for further information regarding changes in value of the MSR asset and related hedges, and mortgage fees and related income.  Noninterest expense was $26.1 billion, an increase of 5%, driven by: • higher auto lease depreciation, and • continued business growth partially offset by • two items totaling $175 million included in the prior year related to liabilities from a merchant bankruptcy and mortgage servicing reserves. The provision for credit losses was $5.6 billion, an increase of 24%, reflecting: • $445 million of higher net charge-offs, primarily in the credit card portfolio due to growth in newer vintages which, as anticipated, have higher loss rates than the more seasoned portion of the portfolio, partially offset by a decrease in net charge-offs in the residential real estate portfolio reflecting continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, • a $415 million higher addition to the allowance for credit losses related to the credit card portfolio driven by higher loss rates and loan growth, and a lower reduction in the allowance for the residential real estate portfolio predominantly driven by continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, and • a $218 million impact in connection with the sale of the student loan portfolio. The sale of the student loan portfolio during 2017 did not have a material impact on the Firm’s Consolidated Financial Statements.   2016 compared with 2015 Net income was $9.7 billion, a decrease of 1%, driven by higher provision for credit losses, predominantly offset by higher net revenue. Net revenue was $44.9 billion, an increase of 2%. Net interest income was $29.7 billion, up 5%, driven by higher deposit balances and higher loan balances, partially offset by deposit spread compression and an increase in the reserve for uncollectible interest and fees in Card.  Noninterest revenue was $15.3 billion, down 2%, driven by higher new account origination costs and the impact of renegotiated co-brand partnership agreements in Card and lower mortgage servicing revenue predominantly as a result of a lower level of third-party loans serviced; these factors were predominantly offset by higher auto lease and card sales volume, higher card- and deposit-related fees, higher MSR risk management results and a gain on the sale of Visa Europe interests. See Note  15  for further information regarding changes in value of the MSR asset and related hedges, and mortgage fees and related income.  Noninterest expense of $24.9 billion was flat, driven by: • lower legal expense and branch efficiencies offset by  • higher auto lease depreciation, and • higher investment in marketing. The provision for credit losses was $4.5 billion, an increase of 47%, reflecting: • a $920 million increase related to the credit card portfolio, due to a $600 million addition in the allowance for loan losses, as well as $320 million of higher net charge-offs, driven by loan growth, including growth in newer vintages which, as anticipated, have higher loss rates compared to the overall portfolio, • a $450 million lower benefit related to the residential real estate portfolio, as the current year reduction in the allowance for loan losses was lower than the prior year. The reduction in both periods reflected continued improvements in home prices and lower delinquencies, and • a $150 million increase related to the auto and business banking portfolio, due to additions to the allowance for loan losses and higher net charge-offs, reflecting loan growth in the portfolios. 58   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Selected metrics         As of or for the year ended  December 31,           (in millions, except headcount) 2017   2016   2015 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Total assets $ 552,601   $ 535,310   $ 502,652 Loans:           Consumer & Business Banking 25,789   24,307   22,730 Home equity 42,751   50,296   58,734 Residential mortgage 197,339   181,196   164,500 Home Lending 240,090   231,492   223,234 Card 149,511   141,816   131,463 Auto 66,242   65,814   60,255 Student —   7,057   8,176 Total loans 481,632   470,486   445,858 Core loans 415,167   382,608   341,881 Deposits 659,885   618,337   557,645 Equity 51,000   51,000   51,000 Selected balance sheet data (average)           Total assets $ 532,756   $ 516,354   $ 472,972 Loans:           Consumer & Business Banking 24,875   23,431   21,894 Home equity 46,398   54,545   63,261 Residential mortgage  190,242   177,010   140,294 Home Lending 236,640   231,555   203,555 Card 140,024   131,165   125,881 Auto 65,395   63,573   56,487 Student 2,880   7,623   8,763 Total loans 469,814   457,347   416,580 Core loans 393,598   361,316   301,700 Deposits 640,219   586,637   530,938 Equity 51,000   51,000   51,000             Headcount 134,117   132,802   127,094   Selected metrics     As of or for the year ended  December 31,       (in millions, except ratio data) 2017 2016 2015 Credit data and quality statistics       Nonaccrual loans (a)(b) $ 4,084 $ 4,708 $ 5,313 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) (c)       Consumer & Business Banking 257 257 253 Home equity 63 184 283 Residential mortgage (16 ) 14 2 Home Lending 47 198 285 Card 4,123 3,442 3,122 Auto  331 285 214 Student 498 162 210 Total net charge-offs/(recoveries) $ 5,256 $ 4,344 $ 4,084         Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (c)       Consumer & Business Banking 1.03 % 1.10 % 1.16 % Home equity (d) 0.18 0.45 0.60 Residential mortgage (d) (0.01 ) 0.01 — Home Lending (d) 0.02 0.10 0.18 Card 2.95 2.63 2.51 Auto 0.51 0.45 0.38 Student NM 2.13 2.40 Total net charge-offs/(recovery) rate (d) 1.21 1.04 1.10 30+ day delinquency rate        Home Lending (e)(f) 1.19 % 1.23 % 1.57 % Card 1.80 1.61 1.43 Auto 0.89 1.19 1.35 Student (g) — 1.60 1.81         90+ day delinquency rate - Card 0.92 0.81 0.72         Allowance for loan losses       Consumer & Business Banking $ 796 $ 753 $ 703 Home Lending, excluding PCI loans 1,003 1,328 1,588 Home Lending — PCI loans (c) 2,225 2,311 2,742 Card 4,884 4,034 3,434 Auto  464 474 399 Student — 249 299 Total allowance for loan losses (c) $ 9,372 $ 9,149 $ 9,165 (a) Excludes PCI loans. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of PCI loans as each of the pools is performing. (b) At  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , nonaccrual loans excluded loans 90 or more days past due as follows: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of $4.3 billion, $5.0 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively; and (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (“FFELP”) of zero, $263 million and $290 million, respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. (c) Net charge-offs and the net charge-off rates for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , excluded  $86 million ,  $156 million  and $208 million, respectively, of write-offs in the PCI portfolio. These write-offs decreased the allowance for loan losses for PCI loans. For further information on PCI write-offs, see summary of changes in the allowance on  page 118 . (d) Excludes the impact of PCI loans. For the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , the net charge-off rates including the impact of PCI loans were as follows: (1) home equity of 0.14%, 0.34% and 0.45%, respectively; (2) residential mortgage of (0.01)%, 0.01% and –%, respectively; (3) Home Lending of 0.02%, 0.09% and 0.14%, respectively; and (4) total CCB of 1.12%, 0.95% and 0.99%, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   59 Management’s discussion and analysis (e) At  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , excluded mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of $6.2 billion, $7.0 billion and $8.4 billion, respectively, that are 30 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. (f) Excludes PCI loans. The 30+ day delinquency rate for PCI loans was 10.13%, 9.82% and 11.21% at  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (g) Excluded student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under FFELP of $468 million and $526 million at  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively, that are 30 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee.   Selected metrics         As of or for the year ended December 31,           (in billions, except ratios and where otherwise noted) 2017   2016   2015 Business Metrics           CCB households (in millions) (a) 61.0   60.4   58.1 Number of branches 5,130   5,258   5,413 Active digital customers  (in thousands) (b) 46,694   43,836   39,242 Active mobile customers  (in thousands) (c) 30,056   26,536   22,810 Debit and credit card sales volume (a) $ 916.9   $ 821.6   $ 754.1             Consumer & Business Banking           Average deposits $ 625.6   $ 570.8   $ 515.2 Deposit margin 1.98 %   1.81 %   1.90 % Business banking origination volume $ 7.3   $ 7.3   $ 6.8 Client investment assets 273.3   234.5   218.6             Home Lending           Mortgage origination volume by channel           Retail $ 40.3   $ 44.3   $ 36.1 Correspondent  57.3   59.3   70.3 Total mortgage origination volume (d) $ 97.6   $ 103.6   $ 106.4 Total loans serviced  (period-end) $ 816.1   $ 846.6   $ 910.1 Third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) 553.5   591.5   674.0 MSR carrying value   (period-end) 6.0   6.1   6.6 Ratio of MSR carrying value (period-end) to third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) 1.08 %   1.03 %   0.98 %             MSR revenue multiple (e) 3.09 x   2.94 x   2.80 x             Card, excluding Commercial Card           Credit card sales volume $ 622.2   $ 545.4   $ 495.9 New accounts opened  (in millions) 8.4   10.4   8.7             Card Services           Net revenue rate 10.57 %   11.29 %   12.33 %             Merchant Services           Merchant processing volume $ 1,191.7   $ 1,063.4   $ 949.3             Auto           Loan and lease origination volume $ 33.3   $ 35.4   $ 32.4 Average Auto operating lease assets 15.2   11.0   7.8 (a) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (b) Users of all web and/or mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days. (c) Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days. (d) Firmwide mortgage origination volume was $107.6 billion, $117.4 billion and $115.2 billion for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (e) Represents the ratio of MSR carrying value (period-end) to third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) divided by the ratio of loan servicing-related revenue to third-party mortgage loans serviced (average). 60   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Mortgage servicing-related matters The Firm has resolved the majority of the consent orders and settlements into which it entered with federal and state governmental agencies and private parties related to mortgage servicing, origination, and residential mortgage-backed securities activities. On January 12, 2018, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System terminated its mortgage servicing-related Consent Order with the Firm, which had been outstanding since April 2011.  Some of the remaining obligations are overseen by an independent reviewer, who publishes periodic reports detailing the Firm’s compliance with the obligations.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   61 Management’s discussion and analysis CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANK The Corporate & Investment Bank, which consists of Banking and Markets & Investor Services, offers a broad suite of investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, and treasury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations, investors, financial institutions, government and municipal entities. Banking offers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication. Banking also includes Treasury Services, which provides transaction services, consisting of cash management and liquidity solutions. Markets & Investor Services is a global market-maker in cash securities and derivative instruments, and also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research. Markets & Investor Services also includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund accounting and administration, and securities lending products principally for asset managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds. Selected income statement data     Year ended December 31,   (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Revenue           Investment banking fees $ 7,192   $ 6,424   $ 6,736 Principal transactions 10,873   11,089   9,905 Lending- and deposit-related fees 1,531   1,581   1,573 Asset management, administration and commissions 4,207   4,062   4,467 All other income 572   1,169   1,012 Noninterest revenue 24,375   24,325   23,693 Net interest income 10,118   10,891   9,849 Total net revenue (a)(b) 34,493   35,216   33,542             Provision for credit losses (45 )   563   332             Noninterest expense           Compensation expense 9,535   9,546   9,973 Noncompensation expense 9,708   9,446   11,388 Total noninterest expense 19,243   18,992   21,361 Income before income tax expense 15,295   15,661   11,849 Income tax expense 4,482   4,846   3,759 Net income (a) $ 10,813   $ 10,815   $ 8,090 (a) The full year 2017 results reflect the impact of the enactment of the TCJA including a decrease to net revenue of $259 million and a benefit to net income of $141 million. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, see Note  24 . (b) Included tax-equivalent adjustments, predominantly due to income tax credits related to alternative energy investments; income tax credits and amortization of the cost of investments in affordable housing projects; and tax-exempt income from municipal bonds of $2.4 billion, $2.0 billion and $1.7 billion for the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 , respectively.   Selected income statement data     Year ended December 31,   (in millions, except ratios) 2017   2016   2015 Financial ratios           Return on equity 14 %   16 %   12 % Overhead ratio 56   54   64 Compensation expense as percentage of total net  revenue 28   27   30 Revenue by business           Investment Banking $ 6,688   $ 5,950   $ 6,376 Treasury Services 4,172   3,643   3,631 Lending 1,429   1,208   1,461 Total Banking 12,289   10,801   11,468 Fixed Income Markets 12,812   15,259   12,592 Equity Markets 5,703   5,740   5,694 Securities Services 3,917   3,591   3,777 Credit Adjustments & Other (a) (228 )   (175 )   11 Total Markets & Investor  Services 22,204   24,415   22,074 Total net revenue $ 34,493   $ 35,216   $ 33,542 (a) Consists primarily of credit valuation adjustments (“CVA”) managed centrally within CIB, funding valuation adjustments (“FVA”) and debit valuation adjustments (“DVA”) on derivatives. Results are primarily reported in principal transactions revenue. Results are presented net of associated hedging activities and net of CVA and FVA amounts allocated to Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets.  For additional information, see Accounting and Reporting Developments on  pages 141–144  and Notes  2 ,  3  and  23 . 2017 compared with 2016 Net income was $10.8 billion, flat compared with the prior year, reflecting lower net revenue and higher noninterest expense, offset by a lower provision for credit losses, and a tax benefit resulting from the vesting of employee share-based awards. The current year included a $141 million benefit to net income as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. Net revenue was $34.5 billion, down 2%. Banking revenue was $12.3 billion, up 14% compared with the prior year. Investment banking revenue was $6.7 billion, up 12% from the prior year, driven by higher debt and equity underwriting fees. The Firm maintained its #1 ranking for Global Investment Banking fees, according to Dealogic. Debt underwriting fees were $3.6 billion, up 16% driven by a higher share of fees and an overall increase in industry-wide fees; the Firm maintained its #1 ranking globally in fees across high-grade, high-yield, and loan products. Equity underwriting fees were $1.4 billion, up 20% driven by growth in industry-wide issuance including a strong IPO market; the Firm ranked #2 in equity underwriting fees globally. Advisory fees were $2.2 billion, up 2%; the Firm maintained its #2 ranking for M&A. Treasury Services revenue was $4.2 billion, up 15%, driven by the impact of higher interest rates and growth in operating deposits. Lending revenue was $1.4 billion, up  62   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report 18% from the prior year, reflecting lower fair value losses on hedges of accrual loans.  Markets & Investor Services revenue was $22.2 billion, down 9% from the prior year. Fixed Income Markets revenue was $12.8 billion, down 16%, as lower revenue across products was driven by sustained low volatility, tighter credit spreads, and the impact from the TCJA on tax-oriented investments of $259 million, against a strong prior year. Equity Markets revenue was $5.7 billion, down 1% from the prior year, and included a fair value loss of $143 million on a margin loan to a single client. Excluding the fair value loss, Equity Markets revenue was higher driven by higher revenue in Prime Services and Cash Equities, partially offset by lower revenue in derivatives. Securities Services revenue was $3.9 billion, up 9%, driven by the impact of higher interest rates and deposit growth, as well as higher asset-based fees driven by higher market levels. Credit Adjustments & Other was a loss of $228 million, driven by valuation adjustments. The provision for credit losses was a benefit of $45 million, which included a net reduction in the allowance for credit losses driven by the Oil & Gas and Metals & Mining portfolios partially offset by a net increase in the allowance for credit losses for a single client. The prior year was an expense of $563 million, which included an addition to the allowance for credit losses driven by the Oil & Gas and Metals & Mining portfolios. Noninterest expense was $19.2 billion, up 1% compared with the prior year. 2016 compared with 2015  Net income was $10.8 billion, up 34% compared with the prior year, driven by lower noninterest expense and higher net revenue, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses. Banking revenue was $10.8 billion, down 6% compared with the prior year. Investment banking revenue was $6.0 billion, down 7% from the prior year, largely driven by lower equity underwriting fees. The Firm maintained its #1 ranking for Global Investment Banking fees, according to    Dealogic. Equity underwriting fees were $1.2 billion, down 19% driven by lower industry-wide fee levels; however, the Firm improved its market share and maintained its #1 ranking in equity underwriting fees globally as well as in both North America and Europe and its #1 ranking by volumes across all products, according to Dealogic. Advisory fees were $2.1 billion, down 1%; the Firm maintained its #2 ranking for M&A, according to Dealogic. Debt underwriting fees were $3.2 billion; the Firm maintained its #1 ranking globally in fees across high grade, high yield, and loan products, according to Dealogic. Treasury Services revenue was $3.6 billion. Lending revenue was $1.2 billion, down 17% from the prior year, reflecting fair value losses on hedges of accrual loans. Markets & Investor Services revenue was $24.4 billion, up 11% from the prior year. Fixed Income Markets revenue was $15.3 billion, up 21% from the prior year, driven by broad strength across products. Rates performance was strong, with increased client activity driven by high issuance-based flows, global political developments, and central bank actions. Credit and Securitized Products revenue improved driven by higher market-making revenue from the secondary market as clients’ risk appetite recovered, and due to increased financing activity. Equity Markets revenue was $5.7 billion, up 1%, compared to a strong prior-year. Securities Services revenue was $3.6 billion, down 5% from the prior year, largely driven by lower fees and commissions. Credit Adjustments and Other was a loss of $175 million driven by valuation adjustments, compared with an $11 million gain in the prior-year, which included funding spread gains on fair value option elected liabilities. The provision for credit losses was $563 million, compared to $332 million in the prior year, reflecting a higher allowance for credit losses, including the impact of select downgrades within the Oil & Gas portfolio. Noninterest expense was $19.0 billion, down 11% compared with the prior year, driven by lower legal and compensation expenses. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   63 Management’s discussion and analysis Selected metrics         As of or for the year ended  December 31, (in millions, except headcount)   2017   2016   2015 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Assets $ 826,384   $ 803,511   $ 748,691 Loans:           Loans retained (a) 108,765   111,872   106,908 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 4,321   3,781   3,698 Total loans 113,086   115,653   110,606 Core loans 112,754   115,243   110,084 Equity 70,000   64,000   62,000 Selected balance sheet data (average)           Assets $ 857,060   $ 815,321   $ 824,208 Trading assets-debt and equity instruments 342,124   300,606   302,514 Trading assets-derivative receivables 56,466   63,387   67,263 Loans:           Loans retained (a) 108,368   111,082   98,331 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 4,995   3,812   4,572 Total loans 113,363   114,894   102,903 Core loans 113,006   114,455   102,142 Equity 70,000   64,000   62,000             Headcount 51,181   48,748   49,067 (a) Loans retained includes credit portfolio loans, loans held by consolidated Firm-administered multi-seller conduits, trade finance loans, other held-for-investment loans and overdrafts.   Selected metrics           As of or for the year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except ratios)   2017   2016   2015 Credit data and quality statistics           Net charge-offs/(recoveries) $ 71   $ 168   $ (19 ) Nonperforming assets:           Nonaccrual loans:           Nonaccrual loans retained (a) 812   467   428 Nonaccrual loans   held-for-sale and loans at fair value —   109   10 Total nonaccrual loans 812   576   438 Derivative receivables 130   223   204 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 85   79   62 Total nonperforming assets 1,027   878   704 Allowance for credit losses:           Allowance for loan losses 1,379   1,420   1,258 Allowance for lending-related commitments 727   801   569 Total allowance for credit losses 2,106   2,221   1,827 Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (b) 0.07 %   0.15 %   (0.02 )% Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans  retained 1.27   1.27   1.18 Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained, excluding trade finance and conduits (c) 1.92   1.86   1.88 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans  retained (a) 170   304   294 Nonaccrual loans to total period-end loans 0.72   0.50   0.40 (a) Allowance for loan losses of $316 million, $113 million and $177 million were held against these nonaccrual loans at  December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. (b) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were excluded when calculating the net charge-off/(recovery) rate. (c) Management uses allowance for loan losses to period-end loans retained, excluding trade finance and conduits, a non-GAAP financial measure, to provide a more meaningful assessment of CIB’s allowance coverage ratio. Investment banking fees             Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Advisory $ 2,150   $ 2,110   $ 2,133 Equity underwriting 1,396   1,159   1,434 Debt underwriting (a) 3,646   3,155   3,169 Total investment banking fees $ 7,192   $ 6,424   $ 6,736 (a) Includes loans syndication. 64   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report League table results – wallet share   2017   2016   2015 Year ended December 31, Rank Share   Rank Share   Rank Share Based on fees (a)                 Debt, equity and equity-related                 Global #1 7.4 %   #1 7.0 %   #1 7.6 % U.S. 1 11.2   1 11.9   1 11.5 Long-term debt (b)                 Global 1 7.6   1 6.7   1 8.1 U.S. 2 10.9   2 11.1   1 11.7 Equity and equity-related                 Global (c) 2 7.1   1 7.4   2 6.9 U.S. 1 11.7   1 13.3   1 11.3 M&A (d)                 Global 2 8.6   2 8.3   2 8.4 U.S. 2 9.2   2 9.8   2 9.9 Loan syndications                 Global 1 9.5   1 9.3   1 7.5 U.S. 1 11.3   2 11.9   2 10.8 Global investment banking fees  (e) #1 8.1 %   #1 7.9 %   #1 7.8 % (a) Source: Dealogic as of January 1, 2018. Reflects the ranking of revenue wallet and market share. (b) Long-term debt rankings include investment-grade, high-yield, supranationals, sovereigns, agencies, covered bonds, asset-backed securities (“ABS”) and mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”); and exclude money market, short-term debt, and U.S. municipal securities. (c) Global equity and equity-related ranking includes rights offerings and Chinese A-Shares. (d) Global M&A reflect the removal of any withdrawn transactions. U.S. M&A revenue wallet represents wallet from client parents based in the U.S. (e) Global investment banking fees exclude money market, short-term debt and shelf deals. Markets revenue The following table summarizes select income statement data for the Markets businesses. Markets includes both Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Markets revenue consists of principal transactions, fees, commissions and other income, as well as net interest income. The Firm assesses its Markets business performance on a total revenue basis, as offsets may occur across revenue line items. For example, securities that generate net interest income may be risk-managed by derivatives that are recorded in principal transactions. For a description of the composition of these income statement line items, see Notes  6  and  7 .  Principal transactions reflects revenue on financial instruments and commodities transactions that arise from client-driven market making activity. Principal transactions revenue includes amounts recognized upon executing new transactions with market participants, as well as “inventory-related revenue”, which is revenue recognized from gains and losses on derivatives and other instruments that the    Firm has been holding in anticipation of, or in response to, client demand, and changes in the fair value of instruments used by the Firm to actively manage the risk exposure arising from such inventory. Principal transactions revenue recognized upon executing new transactions with market participants is driven by many factors including the level of client activity, the bid-offer spread (which is the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument to the Firm and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it from the Firm, and vice versa), market liquidity and volatility. These factors are interrelated and sensitive to the same factors that drive inventory-related revenue, which include general market conditions, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity and commodity prices, as well as other macroeconomic conditions.   For the periods presented below, the predominant source of principal transactions revenue was the amount recognized upon executing new transactions.   2017   2016   2015 Year ended December 31,  (in millions, except where otherwise noted) Fixed Income Markets Equity Markets Total Markets   Fixed Income Markets Equity Markets Total Markets   Fixed Income Markets Equity Markets Total Markets Principal transactions $ 7,393 $ 3,855 $ 11,248   $ 8,347 $ 3,130 $ 11,477   $ 6,899 $ 3,038 $ 9,937 Lending- and deposit-related fees 191 6 197   220 2 222   194 — 194 Asset management, administration and commissions 390 1,635 2,025   388 1,551 1,939   383 1,704 2,087 All other income 436 (21 ) 415   1,014 13 1,027   854 (84 ) 770 Noninterest revenue 8,410 5,475 13,885   9,969 4,696 14,665   8,330 4,658 12,988 Net interest income (a) 4,402 228 4,630   5,290 1,044 6,334   4,262 1,036 5,298 Total net revenue $ 12,812 $ 5,703 $ 18,515   $ 15,259 $ 5,740 $ 20,999   $ 12,592 $ 5,694 $ 18,286 Loss days (b) 4     0     2   (a) Declines in Markets net interest income in 2017 were driven by higher funding costs. (b) Loss days represent the number of days for which Markets posted losses. The loss days determined under this measure differ from the disclosure of daily market risk-related gains and losses for the Firm in the value-at-risk (“VaR”) back-testing discussion on  pages 123–125 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   65 Management’s discussion and analysis Selected metrics           As of or for the year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2017   2016   2015 Assets under custody (“AUC”) by asset class (period-end) (in billions):           Fixed Income $ 13,043   $ 12,166   $ 12,042 Equity 7,863   6,428   6,194 Other (a) 2,563   1,926   1,707 Total AUC $ 23,469   $ 20,520   $ 19,943 Client deposits and other third party liabilities (average) (b) $ 408,911   $ 376,287   $ 395,297 Trade finance loans (period-end) 17,947   15,923   19,255 (a) Consists of mutual funds, unit investment trusts, currencies, annuities, insurance contracts, options and other contracts. (b) Client deposits and other third party liabilities pertain to the Treasury Services and Securities Services businesses. International metrics         Year ended December 31,   (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2017   2016   2015 Total net revenue (a)           Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 11,328   $ 10,786   $ 10,894 Asia/Pacific 4,525   4,915   4,901 Latin America/Caribbean 1,125   1,225   1,096 Total international net revenue 16,978   16,926   16,891 North America 17,515   18,290   16,651 Total net revenue $ 34,493   $ 35,216   $ 33,542             Loans retained (period-end) (a)           Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 25,931   $ 26,696   $ 24,622 Asia/Pacific 15,248   14,508   17,108 Latin America/Caribbean 6,546   7,607   8,609 Total international loans 47,725   48,811   50,339 North America 61,040   63,061   56,569 Total loans retained $ 108,765   $ 111,872   $ 106,908             Client deposits and other third-party liabilities (average) (a)(b)           Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 154,582   $ 135,979   $ 141,062 Asia/Pacific 76,744   68,110   67,111 Latin America/Caribbean 25,419   22,914   23,070 Total international $ 256,745   $ 227,003   $ 231,243 North America 152,166   149,284   164,054 Total client deposits and other third-party liabilities $ 408,911   $ 376,287   $ 395,297             AUC (period-end) (in billions) (a)           North America $ 13,971   $ 12,290   $ 12,034 All other regions 9,498   8,230   7,909 Total AUC $ 23,469   $ 20,520   $ 19,943 (a) Total net revenue is based predominantly on the domicile of the client or location of the trading desk, as applicable. Loans outstanding (excluding loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value), client deposits and other third-party liabilities, and AUC are based predominantly on the domicile of the client. (b) Client deposits and other third party liabilities pertain to the Treasury Services and Securities Services businesses. 66   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report COMMERCIAL BANKING Commercial Banking delivers extensive industry knowledge, local   expertise and dedicated service to U.S. and U.S. multinational clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and nonprofit entities with annual revenue generally ranging from $20 million to $2 billion. In addition, CB provides financing to real estate investors and owners. Partnering with the Firm’s other businesses, CB provides comprehensive financial solutions, including lending, treasury services, investment banking and asset management to meet its clients’ domestic and international financial needs. Selected income statement data         Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Revenue           Lending- and deposit-related fees $ 919   $ 917   $ 944 Asset management, administration and commissions 68   69   88 All other income (a) 1,535   1,334   1,333 Noninterest revenue 2,522   2,320   2,365 Net interest income 6,083   5,133   4,520 Total net revenue (b) 8,605   7,453   6,885             Provision for credit losses (276 )   282   442             Noninterest expense           Compensation expense 1,470   1,332   1,238 Noncompensation expense 1,857   1,602   1,643 Total noninterest expense 3,327   2,934   2,881             Income before income tax expense 5,554   4,237   3,562 Income tax expense 2,015   1,580   1,371 Net income $ 3,539   $ 2,657   $ 2,191 (a) Includes revenue from investment banking products and commercial card transactions. (b) Total net revenue included tax-equivalent adjustments from income tax credits related to equity investments in designated community development entities that provide loans to qualified businesses in low-income communities, as well as tax-exempt income related to municipal financing activities of  $699 million ,  $505 million  and  $493 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. The 2017 results reflect the impact of the enactment of the TCJA including a benefit to all other income of $115 million on certain investments in the Community Development Banking business. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, see Note 24.   2017  compared with  2016   Net income was $3.5 billion, an increase of 33% compared with the prior year, driven by higher net revenue and a lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. Net revenue was $8.6 billion, an increase of 15% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $6.1 billion, an increase of 19% compared with the prior year, driven by higher deposit spreads and loan growth. Noninterest revenue was $2.5 billion, an increase of 9% compared with the prior year, predominantly driven by higher Community Development Banking revenue, including a $115 million benefit for the impact of the TCJA on certain investments,   and higher investment banking revenue.  Noninterest expense was $3.3 billion, an increase of 13% driven by hiring of bankers and business-related support staff, investments in technology, and an impairment of approximately $130 million on certain leased equipment, the majority of which was sold subsequent to year-end.   The provision for credit losses was a benefit of $276 million, driven by net reductions in the allowance for credit losses, including in the Oil & Gas, Natural Gas Pipelines and Metals & Mining portfolios. The prior year provision for credit losses was $282 million driven by downgrades in the Oil & Gas portfolio and select client downgrades in other industries. 2016  compared with  2015 Net income was $2.7 billion, an increase of 21% compared with the prior year, driven by higher net revenue and a lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. Net revenue was $7.5 billion, an increase of 8% compared with the prior year. Net interest income was $5.1 billion, an increase of 14% compared with the prior year, driven by higher loan balances and deposit spreads. Noninterest revenue was $2.3 billion, a decrease of 2% compared with the prior year, largely driven by lower lending-and-deposit-related fees and other revenue, partially offset by higher investment banking revenue.  Noninterest expense was $2.9 billion, an increase of 2% compared with the prior year, reflecting increased hiring of bankers and business-related support staff and investments in technology. The provision for credit losses was $282 million and $442 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively, with both periods driven by downgrades in the Oil & Gas portfolio and select client downgrades in other industries. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   67 Management’s discussion and analysis CB product revenue consists of the following: Lending  includes a variety of financing alternatives, which are primarily provided on a secured basis; collateral includes receivables, inventory, equipment, real estate or other assets. Products include term loans, revolving lines of credit, bridge financing, asset-based structures, leases, and standby letters of credit. Treasury services  includes revenue from a broad range of products and services that enable CB clients to manage payments and receipts, as well as invest and manage funds. Investment banking  includes revenue from a range of products providing CB clients with sophisticated capital-raising alternatives, as well as balance sheet and risk management tools through advisory, equity underwriting, and loan syndications. Revenue from Fixed Income and Equity Markets products used by CB clients is also included.  Other  product revenue primarily includes tax-equivalent adjustments generated from Community Development Banking activities and certain income derived from principal transactions. CB is divided into four primary client segments: Middle Market Banking, Corporate Client Banking, Commercial Term Lending, and Real Estate Banking. Middle Market Banking  covers corporate, municipal and nonprofit clients, with annual revenue generally ranging between $20 million and $500 million. Corporate Client Banking  covers clients with annual revenue generally ranging between $500 million and $2 billion and focuses on clients that have broader investment banking needs. Commercial Term Lending  primarily provides term financing to real estate investors/owners for multifamily properties as well as office, retail and industrial properties.  Real Estate Banking  provides full-service banking to investors and developers of institutional-grade real estate investment properties. Other  primarily includes lending and investment-related activities within the Community Development Banking business.   Selected income statement data (continued)     Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2017   2016   2015 Revenue by product           Lending $ 4,094   $ 3,795   $ 3,429 Treasury services 3,444   2,797   2,581 Investment banking (a) 805   785   730 Other (b) 262   76   145 Total Commercial Banking net revenue $ 8,605   $ 7,453   $ 6,885             Investment banking revenue, gross (c) $ 2,327   $ 2,286   $ 2,179             Revenue by client segment           Middle Market Banking (d) $ 3,341   $ 2,848   $ 2,685 Corporate Client Banking (d) 2,727   2,429   2,205 Commercial Term Lending 1,454   1,408   1,275 Real Estate Banking 604   456   358 Other (b) 479   312   362 Total Commercial Banking net revenue $ 8,605   $ 7,453   $ 6,885             Financial ratios           Return on equity 17 %   16 %   15 % Overhead ratio 39   39   42 (a) Includes total Firm revenue from investment banking products sold to CB clients, net of revenue sharing with the CIB. (b) The 2017 results reflect the impact of the enactment of the TCJA including a benefit of $115 million on certain investments in the Community Development Banking business. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, see Note  24 .   (c) Represents total Firm revenue from investment banking products sold to CB clients. (d) Certain clients were transferred from Middle Market Banking to Corporate Client Banking in the second quarter of 2017. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 68   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Selected metrics As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2017   2016   2015 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)           Total assets $ 221,228   $ 214,341   $ 200,700 Loans:           Loans retained 202,400   188,261   167,374 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 1,286   734   267 Total loans $ 203,686   $ 188,995   $ 167,641 Core loans 203,469   188,673   166,939 Equity 20,000   16,000   14,000             Period-end loans by client segment           Middle Market Banking (a) $ 56,965   $ 53,929   $ 50,501 Corporate Client Banking (a) 46,963   43,027   37,709 Commercial Term Lending 74,901   71,249   62,860 Real Estate Banking 17,796   14,722   11,234 Other 7,061   6,068   5,337 Total Commercial Banking loans $ 203,686   $ 188,995   $ 167,641             Selected balance sheet data (average)           Total assets $ 217,047   $ 207,532   $ 198,076 Loans:           Loans retained 197,203   178,670   157,389 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 909   723   492 Total loans $ 198,112   $ 179,393   $ 157,881 Core loans 197,846   178,875   156,975 Client deposits and other third-party liabilities 177,018   174,396   191,529 Equity 20,000   16,000   14,000             Average loans by client segment           Middle Market Banking (a) $ 55,474   $ 52,242   $ 50,334 Corporate Client Banking (a) 46,037   41,756   34,497 Commercial Term Lending 73,428   66,700   58,138 Real Estate Banking 16,525   13,063   9,917 Other 6,648   5,632   4,995 Total Commercial Banking loans $ 198,112   $ 179,393   $ 157,881             Headcount 9,005   8,365   7,845 (a) Certain clients were transferred from Middle Market Banking to Corporate Client Banking in the second quarter of 2017. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.   Selected metrics         As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2017   2016   2015 Credit data and quality statistics           Net charge-offs/(recoveries) $ 39   $ 163   $ 21 Nonperforming assets           Nonaccrual loans:           Nonaccrual loans retained (a) 617   1,149   375 Nonaccrual loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value —   —   18 Total nonaccrual loans 617   1,149   393             Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 3   1   8 Total nonperforming assets 620   1,150   401 Allowance for credit losses:           Allowance for loan losses 2,558   2,925   2,855 Allowance for lending-related commitments 300   248   198 Total allowance for credit losses 2,858   3,173   3,053             Net charge-off/(recovery) rate (b) 0.02 %   0.09 %   0.01 % Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans   retained 1.26   1.55   1.71 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans retained (a) 415   255   761 Nonaccrual loans to period-end total loans 0.30   0.61   0.23 (a) Allowance for loan losses of  $92 million ,  $155 million  and  $64 million  was held against nonaccrual loans retained at  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (b) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value were excluded when calculating the net charge-off/(recovery) rate. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   69 Management’s discussion and analysis ASSET & WEALTH MANAGEMENT Asset & Wealth Management, with client assets of $2.8 trillion, is a global leader in investment and wealth management. AWM clients include institutions, high-net-worth individuals and retail investors in many major markets throughout the world. AWM offers investment management across most major asset classes including equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds. AWM also offers multi-asset investment management, providing solutions for a broad range of clients’ investment needs. For Wealth Management clients, AWM also provides retirement products and services, brokerage and banking services including trusts and estates, loans, mortgages and deposits. The majority of AWM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. Selected income statement data     Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios  and headcount) 2017 2016 2015 Revenue       Asset management, administration and commissions $ 8,946 $ 8,414 $ 9,175 All other income 593 598 388 Noninterest revenue 9,539 9,012 9,563 Net interest income 3,379 3,033 2,556 Total net revenue 12,918 12,045 12,119         Provision for credit losses 39 26 4         Noninterest expense       Compensation expense 5,318 5,065 5,113 Noncompensation expense 3,983 3,413 3,773 Total noninterest expense 9,301 8,478 8,886         Income before income tax expense 3,578 3,541 3,229 Income tax expense 1,241 1,290 1,294 Net income $ 2,337 $ 2,251 $ 1,935         Revenue by line of business       Asset Management  $ 6,340 $ 5,970 $ 6,301 Wealth Management 6,578 6,075 5,818 Total net revenue $ 12,918 $ 12,045 $ 12,119         Financial ratios       Return on common equity 25 % 24 % 21 % Overhead ratio 72 70 73 Pre-tax margin ratio:       Asset Management 25 31 31 Wealth Management 30 28 22 Asset & Wealth Management 28 29 27         Headcount 22,975 21,082 20,975         Number of Wealth Management client advisors 2,605 2,504 2,778   2017  compared with  2016   Net income was  $2.3 billion , an increase of 4% compared with the prior year, reflecting higher revenue and a tax benefit resulting from the vesting of employee share-based awards, offset by higher noninterest expense. Net revenue was  $12.9 billion , an increase of 7%. Net interest income was  $3.4 billion , up 11%, driven by higher deposit spreads. Noninterest revenue was  $9.5 billion , up 6%, driven by higher market levels, partially offset by the absence of a gain in the prior year on the disposal of an asset. Revenue from Asset Management was  $6.3 billion , up 6% from the prior year, driven by higher market levels, partially offset by the absence of a gain in prior year on the disposal of an asset. Revenue from Wealth Management was  $6.6 billion , up 8% from the prior year, reflecting higher net interest income from higher deposit spreads. Noninterest expense was  $9.3 billion , an increase of 10%, predominantly driven by higher legal expense and compensation expense on higher revenue and headcount. 2016  compared with  2015   Net income was $2.3 billion, a decrease of 16% compared with the prior year, reflecting lower noninterest expense, predominantly offset by lower net revenue . Net revenue was $12.0 billion, a decrease of 1%. Net interest income was $3.0 billion, up 19%, driven by higher loan balances and spreads. Noninterest revenue was $9.0 billion, a decrease of   6%, reflecting the impact of lower average equity market levels, a reduction in revenue related to the disposal of assets at the beginning of 2016, and lower performance fees and placement fees. Revenue from Asset Management was $6.0 billion, down 5% from the prior year, driven by a reduction in revenue related to the disposal of assets at the beginning of 2016, the impact of lower average equity market levels and lower performance fees. Revenue from Wealth Management was $6.1 billion, up 4% from the prior year, reflecting higher net interest income from higher deposit and loan spreads and continued loan growth, partially offset by the impact of lower average equity market levels and lower placement fees. Noninterest expense was $8.5 billion, a decrease of 5%, predominantly due to a reduction in expense related to the disposal of assets at the beginning of 2016 and lower legal expense. 70   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report AWM’s lines of business consist of the following: Asset Management  provides comprehensive global investment services, including asset management, pension analytics, asset-liability management and active risk-budgeting strategies. Wealth Management  offers investment advice and wealth management, including investment management, capital markets and risk management, tax and estate planning, banking, lending and specialty-wealth advisory services. AWM’s client segments consist of the following: Private Banking  clients include high- and ultra-high-net-worth individuals, families, money managers, business owners and small corporations worldwide. Institutional  clients include both corporate and public institutions, endowments, foundations, nonprofit organizations and governments worldwide. Retail  clients include financial intermediaries and individual investors. Asset Management has two high-level measures of its overall fund performance. •  Percentage of mutual fund assets under management in funds rated 4- or 5-star:  Mutual fund rating services rank funds based on their risk-adjusted performance over various periods. A 5-star rating is the best rating and represents the top 10% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 4-star rating represents the next 22.5% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 3-star rating represents the next 35% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 2-star rating represents the next 22.5% of industry-wide ranked funds. A 1-star rating is the worst rating and represents the bottom 10% of industry-wide ranked funds. The  “ overall Morningstar rating ”  is derived from a weighted average of the performance associated with a fund’s three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. For U.S. domiciled funds, separate star ratings are given at the individual share class level. The Nomura  “ star rating ”  is based on three-year risk-adjusted performance only. Funds with fewer than three years of history are not rated and hence excluded from this analysis. All ratings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive this analysis are sourced from these fund rating providers mentioned in footnote (a). The data providers re-denominate the asset values into U.S. dollars. This % of AUM is based on star ratings at the share class level for U.S. domiciled funds, and at a  “ primary share class ”  level to represent the star rating of all other funds except for Japan where Nomura provides ratings at the fund level. The “primary share class”, as defined by Morningstar, denotes the share class recommended as being the best proxy for the portfolio and in most cases will be the most retail version (based upon annual management charge, minimum investment, currency and other factors). The performance data could have been different if all funds/accounts would have been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results. •  Percentage of mutual fund assets under management in funds ranked in the 1st or 2nd quartile (one, three and five years) : All quartile rankings, the assigned peer categories and the asset values used to derive this analysis are sourced from the fund ranking providers mentioned in footnote (c). Quartile rankings are done on the net-of-fee absolute return of each fund. The data providers re-denominate the asset values into U.S. dollars. This % of AUM is based on fund performance and associated peer rankings at the share class level for U.S. domiciled funds, at a  “ primary share class” level to represent the quartile ranking of  the  U.K., Luxembourg and Hong Kong funds and at the fund level for all other funds. The  “ primary share class ” , as defined by Morningstar, denotes the share class recommended as being the best proxy for the portfolio and in most cases will be the most retail version (based upon annual management charge, minimum investment, currency and other factors). Where peer group rankings given for a fund are in more than one “primary share class” territory both rankings are included to reflect local market competitiveness (applies to “Offshore Territories” and “HK SFC Authorized” funds only). The performance data could have been different if all funds/accounts would have been included. Past performance is not indicative of future results.   Selected metrics       As of or for the year ended December 31,  (in millions, except ranking data and ratios) 2017 2016 2015 % of JPM mutual fund assets rated as 4- or 5-star (a)(b) 60 % 63 % 52 % % of JPM mutual fund assets ranked in 1 st  or 2 nd   quartile: (c)       1 year 64 54 62 3 years 75 72 78 5 years (b) 83 79 79         Selected balance sheet data (period-end)       Total assets $ 151,909 $ 138,384 $ 131,451 Loans 130,640 118,039 111,007 Core loans 130,640 118,039 111,007 Deposits 146,407 161,577 146,766 Equity 9,000 9,000 9,000         Selected balance sheet data (average)       Total assets $ 144,206 $ 132,875 $ 129,743 Loans 123,464 112,876 107,418 Core loans 123,464 112,876 107,418 Deposits 148,982 153,334 149,525 Equity 9,000 9,000 9,000         Credit data and quality statistics       Net charge-offs $ 14 $ 16 $ 12 Nonaccrual loans 375 390 218 Allowance for credit losses:       Allowance for loan losses 290 274 266 Allowance for lending-related commitments 10 4 5 Total allowance for credit losses 300 278 271 Net charge-off rate 0.01 % 0.01 % 0.01 % Allowance for loan losses to period-end loans 0.22 0.23 0.24 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 77 70 122 Nonaccrual loans to period-end loans 0.29 0.33 0.20 (a) Represents the “overall star rating” derived from Morningstar for the U.S., the U.K., Luxembourg, Hong Kong and Taiwan domiciled funds; and Nomura “star rating” for Japan domiciled funds. Includes only Asset Management retail open-ended mutual funds that have a rating. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds. (b) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (c) Quartile ranking sourced from: Lipper for the U.S. and Taiwan domiciled funds; Morningstar for the U.K., Luxembourg and Hong Kong domiciled funds; Nomura for Japan domiciled funds and Fund Doctor for South Korea domiciled funds. Includes only Asset Management retail open-ended mutual funds that are ranked by the aforementioned sources. Excludes money market funds, Undiscovered Managers Fund, and Brazil domiciled funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   71 Management’s discussion and analysis Client assets 2017  compared with  2016 Client assets were  $2.8 trillion , an increase of 14% compared with the prior year. Assets under management were  $2.0 trillion , an increase of 15% from the prior year reflecting higher market levels, and net inflows into long-term and liquidity products. 2016  compared with  2015 Client assets were $2.5 trillion, an increase of 4% compared with the prior year. Assets under management were $1.8 trillion, an increase of 3% from the prior year reflecting inflows into both liquidity and long-term products and the effect of higher market levels, partially offset by asset sales at the beginning of 2016. Client assets     December 31,  (in billions) 2017 2016 2015 Assets by asset class       Liquidity (a) $ 459 $ 436 $ 430 Fixed income (a) 474 420 376 Equity 428 351 353 Multi-asset and alternatives 673 564 564 Total assets under management 2,034 1,771 1,723 Custody/brokerage/ administration/deposits 755 682 627 Total client assets $ 2,789 $ 2,453 $ 2,350         Memo:       Alternatives client assets (b) $ 166 $ 154 $ 172         Assets by client segment       Private Banking $ 526 $ 435 $ 437 Institutional 968 869 816 Retail 540 467 470 Total assets under management $ 2,034 $ 1,771 $ 1,723         Private Banking $ 1,256 $ 1,098 $ 1,050 Institutional 990 886 824 Retail 543 469 476 Total client assets $ 2,789 $ 2,453 $ 2,350 (a) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (b) Represents assets under management, as well as client balances in brokerage accounts.   Client assets (continued)       Year ended December 31, (in billions) 2017 2016 2015 Assets under management rollforward       Beginning balance $ 1,771 $ 1,723 $ 1,744 Net asset flows:       Liquidity 9 24 — Fixed income 36 30 (8 ) Equity (11 ) (29 ) 1 Multi-asset and alternatives 43 22 22 Market/performance/other impacts 186 1 (36 ) Ending balance, December 31 $ 2,034 $ 1,771 $ 1,723         Client assets rollforward       Beginning balance $ 2,453 $ 2,350 $ 2,387 Net asset flows 93 63 27 Market/performance/other impacts 243 40 (64 ) Ending balance, December 31 $ 2,789 $ 2,453 $ 2,350 International metrics Year ended December 31, (in billions, except where otherwise noted) 2017 2016 2015 Total net revenue  (in millions) (a)       Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 2,021 $ 1,849 $ 1,946 Asia/Pacific 1,162 1,077 1,130 Latin America/Caribbean 844 726 795 Total international net revenue 4,027 3,652 3,871         North America 8,891 8,393 8,248 Total net revenue $ 12,918 $ 12,045 $ 12,119         Assets under management       Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 384 $ 309 $ 302 Asia/Pacific 160 123 123 Latin America/Caribbean 61 45 45 Total international assets under management 605 477 470         North America 1,429 1,294 1,253 Total assets under management $ 2,034 $ 1,771 $ 1,723         Client assets       Europe/Middle East/Africa $ 441 $ 359 $ 351 Asia/Pacific 225 177 173 Latin America/Caribbean 154 114 110 Total international client assets 820 650 634         North America 1,969 1,803 1,716 Total client assets $ 2,789 $ 2,453 $ 2,350   (a) Regional revenue is based on the domicile of the client. 72   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report CORPORATE  The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Office and Other Corporate, which includes corporate staff units and expense that is centrally managed. Treasury and CIO is predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding and structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks, as well as executing the Firm’s capital plan. The major Other Corporate units include Real Estate, Enterprise Technology, Legal, Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Compliance, Oversight & Controls, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups. Selected income statement data         Year ended December 31, (in millions, except headcount) 2017   2016   2015 Revenue           Principal transactions $ 284   $ 210   $ 41 Securities gains/(losses) (66 )   140   190 All other income/(loss) (a) 867   588   569 Noninterest revenue 1,085   938   800 Net interest income 55   (1,425 )   (533 ) Total net revenue (b) 1,140   (487 )   267             Provision for credit losses —   (4 )   (10 )             Noninterest expense (c) 501   462   977 Income/(loss) before income tax benefit 639   (945 )   (700 ) Income tax expense/(benefit) 2,282   (241 )   (3,137 ) Net income/(loss) $ (1,643 )   $ (704 )   $ 2,437 Total net revenue           Treasury and CIO 566   (787 )   (493 ) Other Corporate 574   300   760 Total net revenue $ 1,140   $ (487 )   $ 267 Net income/(loss)           Treasury and CIO 60   (715 )   (235 ) Other Corporate  (1,703 )   11   2,672 Total net income/(loss) $ (1,643 )   $ (704 )   $ 2,437             Total assets (period-end) $ 781,478   $ 799,426   $ 768,204 Loans (period-end) 1,653   1,592   2,187 Core loans (d) 1,653   1,589   2,182 Headcount 35,261   32,358   29,617 (a) Included revenue related to a legal settlement of $645 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. (b) Included tax-equivalent adjustments, predominantly due to tax-exempt income from municipal bond investments of $ 905 million ,  $885 million  and  $839 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (c) Included legal expense/(benefit) of $ (593) million ,  $(385) million  and  $832 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.  (d) Average core loans were $1.6 billion, $1.9 billion and $2.5 billion for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively.    2017  compared with  2016   Net loss was $1.6 billion, compared with a net loss of $704 million in the prior year. The current year net loss included a $2.7 billion increase to income tax expense related to the impact of the TCJA. Net revenue was $1.1 billion, compared with a loss of $487 million in the prior year. The increase in current year net revenue was driven by a $645 million benefit from a legal settlement with the FDIC receivership for Washington Mutual and with Deutsche Bank as trustee of certain Washington Mutual trusts and by the net impact of higher interest rates. Net interest income was $55 million, compared with a loss of $1.4 billion in the prior year. The gain in the current year was primarily driven by higher interest income on deposits with banks due to higher interest rates and balances, partially offset by higher interest expense on long-term debt primarily driven by higher interest rates.  2016  compared with  2015 Net loss was $704 million, compared with net income of $2.4 billion in the prior year. Net revenue was a loss of $487 million, compared with a gain of $267 million in the prior year. The prior year included a $514 million benefit from a legal settlement. Net interest income was a loss of $1.4 billion, compared with a loss of $533 million in the prior year. The loss in the current year was primarily driven by higher interest expense on long-term debt and lower investment securities balances during the year, partially offset by higher interest income on deposits with banks and securities purchased under resale agreements as a result of higher interest rates.  Noninterest expense was $462 million, a decrease of $515 million from the prior year driven by lower legal expense, partially offset by higher compensation expense.  The prior year reflected tax benefits of $2.6 billion predominantly from the resolution of various tax audits.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   73 Management’s discussion and analysis Treasury and  CIO   overview   Treasury and CIO  is  predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding and structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks,   as well as executing the Firm’s capital plan . The risks managed by Treasury and CIO arise from the activities undertaken by the Firm’s four major reportable business segments to serve their respective client bases, which generate both on- and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities. Treasury and CIO seek to achieve the Firm’s asset-liability management objectives generally by investing in high-quality securities that are managed for the longer-term as part of the Firm’s investment securities portfolio. Treasury and CIO also use derivatives to meet the Firm ’ s asset-liability management objectives. For further information on derivatives, see Note  5 . The investment securities portfolio primarily consists of agency and nonagency mortgage-backed securities, U.S. and non-U.S. government securities, obligations of U.S. states and municipalities, other ABS and corporate debt securities. At  December 31, 2017 , the investment securities portfolio was  $248.0 billion , and the average credit rating of the securities comprising the portfolio was  AA+  (based upon external ratings where available and where not available, based primarily upon internal ratings that correspond to ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s). See Note  10  for further information on the details of the Firm’s investment securities portfolio. For further information on liquidity and funding risk, see Liq uidity Risk Management on   pages 92–97 . For informatio n on interest rate, foreign exchange and other risks, se e Market Risk Management on   pages 121-128 .   Selected income statement and balance sheet data As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Securities gains/(losses) $ (78 )   $ 132   $ 190 AFS investment securities (average) 219,345   226,892   264,758 HTM investment securities (average) 47,927   51,358   50,044 Investment securities portfolio (average)  267,272   278,250   314,802 AFS investment securities (period-end) 200,247   236,670   238,704 HTM investment securities (period-end) 47,733   50,168   49,073 Investment securities portfolio (period–end) 247,980   286,838   287,777 74   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report ENTERPRISE-WIDE RISK MANAGEMENT Risk is an inherent part of JPMorgan Chase’s business activities. When the Firm extends a consumer or wholesale   loan, advises customers on their investment decisions, makes markets in securities, or offers other products or services, the Firm takes on some degree of risk. The Firm’s overall objective is to manage its businesses, and the associated risks, in a manner that balances serving the interests of its clients, customers and investors and protects the safety and soundness of the Firm.   The Firm believes that effective risk management requires:    • Acceptance of responsibility, including identification and escalation of risk issues, by all individuals within the Firm;    • Ownership of risk identification, assessment, data and management within each of the lines of business and corporate functions; and    • Firmwide structures for risk governance.   The Firm strives for continual improvement through efforts to enhance controls, ongoing employee training and development, talent retention, and other measures. The Firm follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework with strong internal governance and independent Board oversight. The impact of risk and control issues are carefully considered in the Firm’s performance evaluation and incentive compensation processes.     Firmwide Risk Management is overseen and managed on an enterprise-wide basis. The Firm’s approach to risk management involves understanding drivers of risks, risk types, and impacts of risks. Drivers of risk include, but are not limited to, the economic environment, regulatory or government policy, competitor or market evolution, business decisions, process or judgment error, deliberate wrongdoing, dysfunctional markets, and natural disasters. The Firm’s risks are generally categorized in the following four risk types:  • Strategic risk is the risk associated with the Firm’s current and future business plans and objectives, including capital risk, liquidity risk, and the impact to the Firm’s reputation.  • Credit and investment risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer; or loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments, including consumer credit risk, wholesale credit risk, and investment portfolio risk. • Market risk is the risk associated with the effect of changes in market factors, such as interest and foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit spreads or implied volatilities, on the value of assets and liabilities held for both the short and long term.  • Operational risk is the risk associated with inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events and includes compliance risk, conduct risk, legal risk, and estimations and model risk. There may be many consequences of risks manifesting, including quantitative impacts such as reduction in earnings and capital, liquidity outflows, and fines or penalties, or qualitative impacts, such as reputation damage, loss of clients, and regulatory and enforcement actions. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   75 Management’s discussion and analysis The Firm has established Firmwide risk management functions to manage different risk types. The scope of a particular risk management function may include multiple risk types. For example, the Firm’s Country Risk Management function oversees country risk which may be a driver of risk or an aggregation of exposures that could give rise to multiple risk types such as credit or market risk. The following sections discuss how the Firm manages the key risks that are inherent in its business activities. Risk Oversight Definition Page references Strategic risk The risk associated with the Firm’s current and future business plans and objectives. 81 Capital risk The risk that the Firm has an insufficient level and composition of capital to support the Firm’s business activities and associated risks during normal economic environments and under stressed conditions. 82–91 Liquidity risk The risk that the Firm will be unable to meet its contractual and contingent financial obligations as they arise or that it does not have the appropriate amount, composition and tenor of funding and liquidity to support its assets and liabilities. 92–97 Reputation risk The potential that an action, inaction, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the Firm’s integrity or competence by its various constituents, including clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees and the broader public. 98 Consumer credit risk The risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a customer. 102–107 Wholesale credit risk The risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client or counterparty. 108–116 Investment portfolio risk The risk associated with the loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments arising from the investment securities portfolio held by Treasury and CIO in connection with the Firm’s balance sheet or asset-liability management objectives or from principal investments managed in various lines of business in predominantly privately-held financial assets and instruments.  120 Market risk The risk associated with the effect of changes in market factors, such as interest and foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit spreads or implied volatilities, on the value of assets and liabilities held for both the short and long term. 121–128 Country risk The framework for monitoring and assessing how financial, economic, political or other significant developments adversely affect the value of the Firm’s exposures related to a particular country or set of countries.  129–130 Operational risk The risk associated with inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.  131–133 Compliance risk The risk of failure to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. 134 Conduct risk The risk that any action or inaction by an employee of the Firm could lead to unfair client/customer outcomes, compromise the Firm’s reputation, impact the integrity of the markets in which the Firm operates, or reflect poorly on the Firm’s culture. 135 Legal risk The risk of loss primarily caused by the actual or alleged failure to meet legal obligations that arise from the rule of law in jurisdictions in which the Firm operates, agreements with clients and customers, and products and services offered by the Firm.  136 Estimations and Model risk The risk of the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused estimation outputs. 137 76   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Governance and oversight The Firm’s overall appetite for risk is governed by a “Risk Appetite” framework. The framework and the Firm’s risk appetite are set and approved by the Firm’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”). LOB-level risk appetite is set by the respective LOB CEO, CFO and CRO and is approved by the Firm’s CEO, CFO and CRO. Quantitative parameters and qualitative factors are used to monitor and measure the Firm’s capacity to take risk consistent with its stated risk appetite. Quantitative parameters have been established to assess select strategic risks, credit risks and market risks. Qualitative factors have been established for select operational risks, and for reputation risks. Risk Appetite results are reported quarterly to the Board of Directors’ Risk Policy Committee (“DRPC”).   The Firm has an Independent Risk Management (“IRM”) function, which consists of the Risk Management and Compliance organizations. The CEO appoints, subject to DRPC approval, the Firm’s CRO to lead the IRM organization and manage the risk governance framework of the Firm. The framework is subject to approval by the DRPC in the form of the primary risk management policies. The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”), who reports to the CRO, is also responsible for reporting to the Audit Committee for the Global Compliance Program. The Firm’s Global Compliance Program focuses on overseeing compliance with laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Firm’s products and services to clients and counterparties.     The Firm places reliance on each of its LOBs and other functional areas giving rise to risk. Each LOB and other functional area giving rise to risk is expected to operate within the parameters identified by the IRM function, and within its own management-identified risk and control standards. The LOBs, inclusive of LOB aligned Operations, Technology and Oversight & Controls, are the “first line of defense” in identifying and managing the risk in their activities, including but not limited to applicable laws, rules and regulations.    The IRM function is independent of the businesses and forms “the second line of defense”. The IRM function sets and oversees various standards for the risk governance framework, including risk policy, identification, measurement, assessment, testing, limit setting, monitoring and reporting, and conducts independent challenge of adherence to such standards.   The Internal Audit function operates independently from other parts of the Firm and performs independent testing and evaluation of firmwide processes and controls across the entire enterprise as the Firm’s “third line of defense” in managing risk. The Internal Audit Function is headed by the General Auditor, who reports to the Audit Committee.   In addition, there are other functions that contribute to the firmwide control environment including Finance, Human Resources, Legal, and Corporate Oversight & Control. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   77 Management’s discussion and analysis The independent status of the IRM function is supported by a governance structure that provides for escalation of risk issues to senior management, the Firmwide Risk Committee, and the Board of Directors, as appropriate.  The chart below illustrates the Board of Directors and key senior management level committees in the Firm’s risk governance structure. In addition, there are other committees, forums and paths of escalation that support the oversight of risk, not shown in the chart below.   The Firm’s Operating Committee, which consists of the Firm’s CEO, CRO, CFO and other senior executives, is the ultimate management escalation point in the Firm and may refer matters to the Firm’s Board of Directors. The Operating Committee is accountable to the Firm’s Board of Directors.   The Board of Directors provides oversight of risk principally through the DRPC, the Audit Committee and, with respect to compensation and other management-related matters, the Compensation & Management Development Committee. Each committee of the Board oversees reputation risk and conduct risk issues within its scope of responsibility.   The Directors’ Risk Policy Committee of the Board  oversees the Firm’s global risk management framework and approves the primary risk management policies of the Firm. The Committee’s responsibilities include oversight of management’s exercise of its responsibility to assess and manage the Firm’s risks, and its capital and liquidity planning and analysis. Breaches in risk appetite, liquidity issues that may have a material adverse impact on the Firm and other significant risk-related matters are escalated to the DRPC. 78   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The Audit Committee of the Board  assists the Board in its oversight of management’s responsibilities to assure that there is an effective system of controls reasonably designed to safeguard the assets and income of the Firm, assure the integrity of the Firm’s financial statements and maintain compliance with the Firm’s ethical standards, policies, plans and procedures, and with laws and regulations. In addition, the Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications, independence and performance, and of the performance of the Firm’s Internal Audit function. The Compensation & Management Development Committee   (“CMDC”)  assists the Board in its oversight of the Firm’s compensation programs and reviews and approves the Firm’s overall compensation philosophy, incentive compensation pools, and compensation practices consistent with key business objectives and safety and soundness. The CMDC reviews Operating Committee members’ performance against their goals, and approves their compensation awards. The CMDC also periodically reviews the Firm’s diversity programs and management development and succession planning, and provides oversight of the Firm’s culture and conduct programs. Among the Firm’s senior management-level committees that are primarily responsible for key risk-related functions are: The Firmwide Risk Committee (“FRC”)  is the Firm’s highest management-level risk committee. It provides oversight of the risks inherent in the Firm’s businesses. The FRC is co-chaired by the Firm’s CEO and CRO. The FRC serves as an escalation point for risk topics and issues raised by its members, the Line of Business Risk Committees, Firmwide Control Committee, Firmwide Fiduciary Risk Governance Committee, Firmwide Estimations Risk Committee, Culture and Conduct Risk Committee and regional Risk Committees, as appropriate. The FRC escalates significant issues to the DRPC, as appropriate. The Firmwide Control Committee (“FCC”)  provides a forum for senior management to review and discuss firmwide operational risks, including existing and emerging issues and operational risk metrics, and to review operational risk management execution in the context   of the Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”). The ORMF provides the framework for the governance, risk identification and assessment, measurement, monitoring and reporting of operational risk.   The FCC is co-chaired by the Chief Control Officer and the Firmwide Risk Executive for Operational Risk Governance. The FCC relies on the prompt escalation of operational risk and control issues from businesses and functions as the primary owners of the operational risk. Operational risk and control issues may be escalated by business or function control committees to the FCC, which in turn, may escalate to the FRC, as appropriate.   The Firmwide Fiduciary Risk Governance Committee (“FFRGC”)  is a forum for risk matters related to the Firm’s fiduciary activities. The FFRGC oversees the firmwide fiduciary risk governance framework, which supports the consistent identification and escalation of fiduciary risk issues by the relevant lines of business; approves risk or compliance policy exceptions requiring FFRGC approval; approves the scope and/or expansion of the Firm’s fiduciary framework; and reviews metrics to track fiduciary activity and issue resolution Firmwide. The FFRGC is co-chaired by the Asset Management CEO and the Asset & Wealth Management CRO. The FFRGC escalates significant  fiduciary  issues to the FRC,   the DRPC and the Audit Committee , as appropriate. The Firmwide Estimations Risk Committee (“FERC”)  reviews and oversees governance and execution activities related to models and certain analytical and judgment based estimations, such as those used in risk management, budget forecasting and capital planning and analysis. The FERC is chaired by the Firmwide Risk Executive for Model Risk Governance and Review. The FERC serves as an escalation channel for relevant topics and issues raised by its members and the Line of Business Estimation Risk Committees. The FERC escalates significant issues to the FRC, as appropriate. The Culture and Conduct Risk Committee (“CCRC”)  provides oversight of culture and conduct initiatives to develop a more holistic view of conduct risks and to connect key programs across the Firm to identify opportunities and emerging areas for focus. The CCRC is co-chaired by the Chief Culture & Conduct Officer and the Conduct Risk Compliance Executive. The CCRC escalates significant issues to the FRC, as appropriate. Line of Business and Regional Risk Committees  review the ways in which the particular line of business or the business operating in a particular region could be exposed to adverse outcomes with a focus on identifying, accepting, escalating and/or requiring remediation of matters brought to these committees. These committees may escalate to the FRC, as appropriate.  LOB risk committees are co-chaired by the LOB CEO and the LOB CRO. Each LOB risk committee may create sub-committees with requirements for escalation. The regional committees are established similarly, as appropriate, for the region. In addition, each line of business and function is required to have a Control Committee.  These control committees oversee the control environment of their respective business or function. As part of that mandate, they are responsible for reviewing data which indicates the quality and stability of the processes in a business or function, reviewing key operational risk issues and focusing on processes with shortcomings and overseeing process remediation. These committees escalate issues to the FCC, as appropriate. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   79 Management’s discussion and analysis The Firmwide Asset Liability Committee (“ALCO”) , chaired by the Firm’s Treasurer and Chief Investment Officer under the direction of the CFO, monitors the Firm’s balance sheet, liquidity risk and structural interest rate risk. ALCO reviews the Firm’s overall structural interest rate risk position, and the Firm’s funding requirements and strategy. ALCO is responsible for reviewing and approving the Firm’s Funds Transfer Pricing Policy (through which lines of business “transfer” interest rate risk and liquidity risk to Treasury and CIO), the Firm’s Intercompany Funding and Liquidity Policy and the Firm’s Contingency Funding Plan. The Firmwide Capital Governance Committee,  chaired by the Head of the Regulatory Capital Management Office, is responsible for reviewing the Firm’s Capital Management Policy and the principles underlying capital issuance and distribution alternatives   and decisions. The Committee oversees   the capital adequacy assessment process, including the overall design, scenario development and macro assumptions, and ensures that capital stress test programs are designed to adequately capture the risks specific to the Firm’s businesses. The Firmwide Valuation Governance Forum (“VGF”)  is composed of senior finance and risk executives and is responsible for overseeing the management of risks arising from valuation activities conducted across the Firm. The VGF is chaired by the Firmwide head of the Valuation Control Group (“VCG”) under the direction of the Firm’s Controller, and includes sub-forums covering the Corporate & Investment Bank, Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial Banking, Asset & Wealth Management and certain corporate functions, including Treasury and CIO. In addition, the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of management of the Bank. The JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Board accomplishes this function acting directly and through the principal standing committees of the Firm’s Board of Directors. Risk and control oversight on behalf of JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. is primarily the responsibility of the DRPC and the Audit Committee of the Firm’s Board of Directors, respectively, and, with respect to compensation and other management-related matters, the Compensation & Management Development Committee of the Firm’s Board of Directors. Risk Identification The Firm has a Risk Identification process in which the first line of defense identifies material risks inherent to the Firm, catalogs them in a central repository and reviews the most material risks on a regular basis. The second line of defense, at a firmwide level, establishes the risk identification framework, coordinates the process, maintains the central repository and reviews and challenges the first line’s identification of risks. 80   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report STRATEGIC RISK MANAGEMENT Strategic risk is the risk associated with the Firm’s current and future business plans and objectives. Strategic risk includes the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, liquidity, enterprise value, or the Firm’s reputation arising from adverse business decisions, poor implementation of business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the industry or external environment.  Overview The Operating Committee and the senior leadership of each LOB are responsible for managing the Firm’s most significant strategic risks. Strategic risks are overseen by IRM through participation in business reviews, LOB senior management committees, ongoing management of the Firm’s risk appetite and limit framework, and other relevant governance forums. The Board of Directors oversees management’s strategic decisions, and the DRPC oversees IRM and the Firm’s risk management framework. The Firm’s strategic planning process, which includes the development and execution of strategic priorities and initiatives by the Operating Committee and the management teams of the lines of business, is an important process for managing the Firm’s strategic risk. Guided by the Firm’s How We Do Business (“HWDB”) principles, the strategic priorities and initiatives are updated annually and include evaluating performance against prior year initiatives, assessment of the operating environment, refinement of existing strategies and development of new strategies. These strategic priorities and initiatives are then incorporated in the Firm’s budget, and are reviewed by the Board of Directors.   In the process of developing the strategic initiatives, line of business leadership identify the strategic risks associated with their strategic initiatives and those risks are incorporated into the Firmwide Risk Identification process and monitored and assessed as part of the Firmwide Risk Appetite framework. For further information on Risk Identification, see Enterprise-Wide Risk Management on page  75 . For further information on the Risk Appetite framework see, Enterprise-Wide Risk Management on page 77 .    The Firm’s balance sheet strategy, which focuses on risk-adjusted returns, strong capital and robust liquidity, is key to management of strategic risk. For further information on capital risk, see Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91 . For further information on liquidity risk see, Liquidity Risk Management on  pages 92–97   For further information on reputation risk, see Reputation Risk Management on  page 98 .  Governance and oversight The Firm’s Operating Committee defines the most significant strategic priorities and initiatives, including those of the Firm, the LOBs and the Corporate functions, for the coming year and evaluates performance against the prior year. As part of the strategic planning process, IRM conducts a qualitative assessment of those significant initiatives to determine the impact on the risk profile of the Firm. The Firm’s priorities, initiatives and IRM’s assessment are provided to the Board for its review.  As part of its ongoing oversight and management of risk across the Firm, IRM is regularly engaged in significant discussions and decision-making across the Firm, including decisions to pursue new business opportunities or modify or exit existing businesses.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   81 Management’s discussion and analysis CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT  Capital risk is the risk the Firm has an insufficient level and composition of capital to support the Firm’s business activities and associated risks during normal economic environments and under stressed conditions. A strong capital position is essential to the Firm’s business strategy and competitive position.   Maintaining a strong balance sheet to manage through economic volatility is considered a strategic imperative of the Firm’s Board of Directors, CEO and Operating Committee. The Firm’s fortress balance sheet philosophy focuses on risk-adjusted returns, strong capital and robust liquidity.   The Firm’s capital risk management strategy focuses on maintaining long-term stability to enable it to build and invest in market-leading businesses, even in a highly stressed environment.  Senior management considers the implications on the Firm’s capital prior to making decisions that could impact future business activities. In addition to considering the Firm’s earnings outlook, senior management evaluates all sources and uses of capital with a view to preserving the Firm’s capital strength.  The Firm’s capital risk management objectives are to hold capital sufficient to: • Maintain “well-capitalized” status for the Firm and its insured depository institution (“IDI”) subsidiaries; • Support risks underlying business activities; • Maintain sufficient capital in order to continue to build and invest in its businesses through the cycle and in stressed environments; • Retain flexibility to take advantage of future investment opportunities; • Serve as a source of strength to its subsidiaries; • Meet capital distribution objectives; and • Maintain sufficient capital resources to operate throughout a resolution period in accordance with the Firm’s preferred resolution strategy.   These objectives are achieved through the establishment of minimum capital targets and a strong capital governance framework. Capital risk management is intended to be flexible in order to react to a range of potential events. The Firm’s minimum capital targets are based on the most binding of three pillars: an internal assessment of the Firm’s capital needs; an estimate of required capital under the CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act stress testing requirements; and Basel III Fully Phased-In regulatory minimums. Where necessary, each pillar may include a management-established buffer. The capital governance framework requires regular monitoring of the Firm’s capital positions, stress testing and defining escalation protocols, both at the Firm and material legal entity levels. 82   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following tables present the Firm’s Transitional and Fully Phased-In risk-based and leverage-based capital metrics under both the Basel III Standardized and Advanced Approaches. The Firm’s Basel III ratios exceed both the Transitional and Fully Phased-In regulatory minimums as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . For further discussion of these capital metrics, including regulatory minimums, and the Standardized and Advanced Approaches, refer to Strategy and Governance on  pages 84–88 .    Transitional Fully Phased-In   December 31, 2017 (in millions, except ratios) Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios   Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios   Risk-based capital metrics:                         CET1 capital $ 183,300   $ 183,300       $ 183,244   $ 183,244       Tier 1 capital 208,644   208,644       208,564   208,564       Total capital 238,395   227,933       237,960   227,498       Risk-weighted assets 1,499,506   1,435,825       1,509,762   1,446,696       CET1 capital ratio 12.2 %   12.8 %   7.5 %   12.1 %   12.7 %   10.5 %   Tier 1 capital ratio 13.9   14.5   9.0   13.8   14.4   12.0   Total capital ratio 15.9   15.9   11.0   15.8   15.7   14.0    Leverage-based capital metrics:                         Adjusted average assets (a) $ 2,514,270   $ 2,514,270       $ 2,514,822   $ 2,514,822       Tier 1 leverage ratio (b) 8.3 %   8.3 %   4.0 %   8.3 %   8.3 %   4.0 %   Total leverage exposure NA   $ 3,204,463       NA   $ 3,205,015       SLR (c) NA   6.5 %   NA   NA   6.5 %   5.0 % (e)     Transitional Fully Phased-In   December 31, 2016 (in millions, except ratios) Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios   Standardized   Advanced   Minimum capital ratios   Risk-based capital metrics:                         CET1 capital $ 182,967   $ 182,967       $ 181,734   $ 181,734       Tier 1 capital 208,112   208,112       207,474   207,474       Total capital 239,553   228,592       237,487   226,526       Risk-weighted assets 1,483,132 (d)   1,476,915       1,492,816 (d)   1,487,180       CET1 capital ratio 12.3 % (d)   12.4 %   6.25 %   12.2 % (d)   12.2 %   10.5 %   Tier 1 capital ratio 14.0 (d)   14.1   7.75   13.9 (d)   14.0   12.0   Total capital ratio 16.2 (d)   15.5   9.75   15.9 (d)   15.2   14.0   Leverage   based capital metrics:                         Adjusted average assets (a) $ 2,484,631   $ 2,484,631       $ 2,485,480   $ 2,485,480       Tier 1 leverage ratio (b) 8.4 %   8.4 %   4.0 %   8.3 %   8.3 %   4.0 %   Total leverage exposure NA   $ 3,191,990       NA   $ 3,192,839       SLR (c) NA   6.5 %   NA   NA   6.5 %   5.0 % (e)   Note: As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the lower of the Standardized or Advanced capital ratios under each of the Transitional and Fully Phased-In Approaches in the table above represents the Firm’s Collins Floor, as discussed in Risk-based capital regulatory minimums on  page 85 .  (a) Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the Tier 1 leverage ratio, includes total quarterly average assets adjusted for unrealized gains/(losses) on available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities, less deductions for goodwill and other intangible assets, defined benefit pension plan assets, and deferred tax assets related to tax attributes, including net operating losses (“NOLs”). (b) The Tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted total average assets. (c) The SLR leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by total leverage exposure. For additional information on total leverage exposure, see SLR on  page 88 . (d) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (e) In the case of the SLR, the Fully Phased-In minimum ratio is effective January 1, 2018. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   83 Management’s discussion and analysis Strategy and governance The Firm’s CEO, together with the Board of Directors and the Operating Committee, establishes principles and guidelines for capital planning, issuance, usage and distributions, and minimum capital targets for the level and composition of capital in business-as-usual and highly stressed environments. The DRPC reviews and approves the capital management and governance policy of the Firm. The Firm’s Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the capital stress testing control framework. The Capital Governance Committee and the Regulatory Capital Management Office (“RCMO”) support the Firm’s strategic capital decision-making. The Capital Governance Committee oversees   the capital adequacy assessment process, including the overall design, scenario development and macro assumptions, and ensures that capital stress test programs are designed to adequately capture the risks specific to the Firm’s businesses. RCMO, which reports to the Firm’s CFO, is responsible for designing and monitoring the Firm’s execution of its capital policies and strategies once approved by the Board, as well as reviewing and monitoring the execution of its capital adequacy assessment process. The Basel Independent Review function (“BIR”), which reports to the RCMO, conducts independent assessments of the Firm’s regulatory capital framework to ensure compliance with the applicable U.S. Basel rules in support of senior management’s responsibility for assessing and managing capital and for the DRPC’s oversight of management in executing that responsibility. For additional discussion on the DRPC, see Enterprise-wide Risk Management on  pages 75–137 . Monitoring and management of capital  In its monitoring and management of capital, the Firm takes into consideration an assessment of economic risk and all regulatory capital requirements to determine the level of capital needed to meet and maintain the objectives discussed above, as well as to support the framework for allocating capital to its business segments. While economic risk is considered prior to making decisions on future business activities, in most cases the Firm considers risk-based regulatory capital to be a proxy for economic risk capital. Regulatory capital  The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements, including well-capitalized standards, for the consolidated financial holding company. The OCC establishes similar minimum capital requirements for the Firm’s national banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A.  The U.S. capital requirements generally follow the Capital Accord of the Basel Committee, as amended from time to time.     Basel III overview Capital rules under Basel III establish minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards for large and internationally active U.S. bank holding companies (“BHC”) and banks, including the Firm and its   IDI   subsidiaries .  Basel III sets forth two comprehensive approaches for calculating RWA: a standardized approach (“Basel III Standardized”), and an advanced approach (“Basel III Advanced”). Certain of the requirements of Basel III are subject to phase-in periods that began on January 1, 2014 and continue through the end of 2018 (“transitional period”).   Basel III establishes capital requirements for calculating credit risk RWA and market risk RWA, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, operational risk RWA. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced.   In addition to the RWA calculated under these methodologies, the Firm may supplement such amounts to incorporate management judgment and feedback from its regulators.   Basel III also includes a requirement for Advanced Approach banking organizations, including the Firm, to calculate the   SLR . For additional information on the SLR, see  page 88 . On December 7, 2017, the Basel Committee issued the Basel III Reforms. Potential changes to the requirements for U.S. financial institutions are being considered by the U.S. banking regulators.  For additional information on Basel III reforms, refer to Supervision & Regulation on  pages 1–8 . Basel III Fully Phased-In The Basel III transitional period will end on December 31, 2018, at which point the Firm will calculate its capital ratios under both the Basel III Standardized and Advanced Approaches on a Fully Phased–In basis. In the case of the SLR, the Fully Phased-In well-capitalized ratio is effective January 1, 2018. The Firm manages each of its lines of business, as well as the corporate functions, primarily on a Basel III Fully Phased-In basis.  For additional information on the Firm, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A.’s capital, RWA and capital ratios under Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In rules and the SLR calculated under the Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In rules, all of which are considered key regulatory capital measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Performance Measures on  pages 52–54 . 84   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In capital, RWA and capital ratios, and SLRs for the Firm, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. are based on the current published U.S. Basel III rules.  Risk-based capital regulatory minimums The following chart presents the Basel III minimum CET1 capital ratio during the transitional periods and on a fully phased-in basis under the Basel III rules currently in effect. The Basel III rules include minimum capital ratio requirements that are subject to phase-in periods through the end of 2018.   The capital adequacy of the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries, both during the transitional period and upon full phase-in, is evaluated against the Basel III approach (Standardized or Advanced) which, for each quarter, results in the lower ratio as required by the Collins Amendment  of the  Dodd-Frank Act  (the “Collins Floor”). The Basel III Standardized Fully Phased-In CET1 ratio is the Firm’s current binding constraint, and the Firm expects that this will remain its binding constraint for the foreseeable future. Additional information regarding the Firm’s capital ratios, as well as the U.S. federal regulatory capital standards to which the Firm is subject, is presented in Note  26 . For further information on the Firm’s Basel III measures, see the Firm’s Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website (http://investor.shareholder.com/jpmorganchase/basel.cfm). All banking institutions are currently required to have a minimum capital ratio of 4.5% of risk weighted assets. Certain banking organizations, including the Firm, are  required to hold additional amounts of capital to serve as a “capital conservation buffer”. The capital conservation buffer is intended to be used to absorb potential losses in times of financial or economic stress. If not maintained,  the Firm  could be limited in the amount of capital that may be distributed , including dividends and common equity repurchases.  The capital conservation buffer is subject to a    phase-in period that began January 1, 2016 and continues through the end of 2018.   As an expansion of the capital conservation buffer, the Firm is also required to hold additional levels of capital in the form of a GSIB surcharge and a countercyclical capital buffer.  Under the Federal Reserve’s final rule, the Firm is required to calculate its GSIB surcharge on an annual basis under two separately prescribed methods, and is subject to the higher of the two. The first (“Method 1”), reflects the GSIB surcharge as prescribed by the Basel Committee’s assessment methodology, and is calculated across five criteria: size, cross-jurisdictional activity, interconnectedness, complexity and substitutability. The second (“Method 2”), modifies the Method 1 requirements to include a measure of short-term wholesale funding in place of substitutability, and introduces a GSIB score “multiplication factor”. The following table represents the Firm’s GSIB surcharge.     2017 2016 Fully Phased-In:     Method 1 2.50 % 2.50 % Method 2 3.50 % 4.50 %       Transitional (a) 1.75 % 1.125 % (a) The GSIB surcharge is subject to transition provisions (in 25% increments) through the end of 2018. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   85 Management’s discussion and analysis The Firm’s effective GSIB surcharge for 2018 is anticipated to be 3.5%. The countercyclical capital buffer takes into account the macro financial environment in which large, internationally active banks function. On September 8, 2016 the Federal Reserve published the framework that will apply to the setting of the countercyclical capital buffer. As of December 1, 2017, the Federal Reserve reaffirmed setting the U.S. countercyclical capital buffer at 0%, and stated that it will review the amount at least annually. The countercyclical capital buffer can be increased if the Federal Reserve, FDIC and OCC determine that credit growth in the economy has become excessive and can be set at up to an additional 2.5% of RWA subject to a 12-month implementation period.   The Firm believes that it will operate with a Basel III CET1 capital ratio between 11% and 12% over the medium term. It is the Firm’s intention that its capital ratios will continue to meet regulatory minimums as they are fully phased in 2019 and thereafter.  In addition to meeting the capital ratio requirements of Basel III, the Firm also must maintain minimum capital and leverage ratios in order to be “well-capitalized.” The following table represents the ratios that the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries must maintain in order to meet the definition of “well-capitalized” under the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve and the Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”) requirements of the FDIC Improvement Act (“FDICIA”), respectively.    Well-capitalized ratios   BHC   IDI Capital ratios           CET1  — %     6.5 %   Tier 1 capital  6.0     8.0   Total capital  10.0     10.0   Tier 1 leverage  —     5.0   SLR (a) 5.0     6.0   (a) In the case of the SLR, the Fully Phased-In well-capitalized ratio is effective January 1, 2018.   Capital The following table presents reconciliations of total stockholders’ equity to Basel III Fully Phased-In CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Basel III Advanced and Standardized Fully Phased-In Total capital as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. For additional information on the components of regulatory capital, see Note  26 . Capital components     (in millions) December 31, 2017 December 31, 2016 Total stockholders’ equity $ 255,693 $ 254,190 Less: Preferred stock 26,068 26,068 Common stockholders’ equity 229,625 228,122 Less:     Goodwill 47,507 47,288 Other intangible assets 855 862 Add:      Certain Deferred tax liabilities (a)(b) 2,204 3,230 Less: Other CET1 capital adjustments (b) 223 1,468 Standardized/Advanced Fully Phased-In CET1 capital 183,244 181,734 Preferred stock 26,068 26,068 Less:     Other Tier 1 adjustments (c) 748 328 Standardized/Advanced Fully Phased-In Tier 1 capital $ 208,564 $ 207,474 Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 capital $ 14,827 $ 15,253 Qualifying allowance for credit losses 14,672 14,854 Other (103 ) (94 ) Standardized Fully Phased-In Tier 2 capital $ 29,396 $ 30,013 Standardized Fully Phased-in Total capital $ 237,960 $ 237,487 Adjustment in qualifying allowance for credit losses for Advanced Tier 2 capital (10,462 ) (10,961 ) Advanced Fully Phased-In Tier 2 capital $ 18,934 $ 19,052 Advanced Fully Phased-In Total capital $ 227,498 $ 226,526 (a) Represents deferred tax liabilities related to tax-deductible goodwill and identifiable intangibles created in nontaxable transactions, which are netted against goodwill and other intangibles  when calculating  TCE . (b) Includes the effect from the revaluation of the Firm’s net deferred tax liability as a result of the enactment of the   TCJA .  (c) Includes the deduction associated with the permissible holdings of covered funds (as defined by the Volcker Rule). The deduction was not material as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. 86   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table presents reconciliations of the Firm’s Basel III Transitional CET1 capital to the Firm’s Basel III Fully Phased-In CET1 capital as of  December 31, 2017  and 2016. (in millions) December 31, 2017 December 31, 2016 Transitional CET1 capital $ 183,300 $ 182,967 AOCI phase-in (a) 128 (156 ) CET1 capital deduction phase-in (b) (20 ) (695 ) Intangible assets deduction phase-in (c) (160 ) (312 ) Other adjustments to CET1 capital (d) (4 ) (70 ) Fully Phased-In CET1 capital $ 183,244 $ 181,734 (a) Includes the remaining balance of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) related to AFS debt securities and defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefit (“OPEB”) plans that will qualify as Basel III CET1 capital upon full phase-in. (b) Predominantly includes regulatory adjustments related to changes in DVA, as well as CET1 deductions for defined benefit pension plan assets and deferred tax assets related to tax attributes, including NOLs.  (c) Relates to intangible assets, other than goodwill and MSRs, that are required to be deducted from CET1 capital upon full phase-in. (d) Includes minority interest and the Firm’s investments in its own CET1 capital instruments.   Capital rollforward The following table presents the changes in Basel III Fully Phased-In CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital for the year ended  December 31, 2017 . Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital at December 31, 2016 $ 181,734 Net income applicable to common equity (a) 22,778 Dividends declared on common stock (7,542 ) Net purchase of treasury stock (13,741 ) Changes in additional paid-in capital (1,048 ) Changes related to AOCI 536 Adjustment related to DVA (b) 468 Changes related to other CET1 capital adjustments (c) 59 Increase in Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital 1,510 Standardized/Advanced CET1 capital at  December 31, 2017 $ 183,244     Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital at  December 31, 2016 $ 207,474 Change in CET1 capital 1,510 Net issuance of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock — Other (420 ) Increase in Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital 1,090 Standardized/Advanced Tier 1 capital at  December 31, 2017 $ 208,564     Standardized Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2016 $ 30,013 Change in long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 (426 ) Change in qualifying allowance for credit losses (182 ) Other (9 ) Decrease in Standardized Tier 2 capital (617 ) Standardized Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2017 $ 29,396 Standardized Total capital at December 31, 2017 $ 237,960 Advanced Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2016 $ 19,052 Change in long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 (426 ) Change in qualifying allowance for credit losses 317 Other (9 ) Decrease in Advanced Tier 2 capital (118 ) Advanced Tier 2 capital at December 31, 2017 $ 18,934 Advanced Total capital at December 31, 2017 $ 227,498 (a) Includes a $2.4 billion decrease to net income as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, see Note  24 . (b) Includes   DVA   related to structured notes recorded in   AOCI . (c) Includes the effect from the revaluation of the Firm’s net deferred tax liability as a result of the enactment of the TCJA.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   87 Management’s discussion and analysis RWA rollforward The following table presents changes in the components of RWA under Basel III Standardized and Advanced Fully Phased-In for the year ended December 31, 2017. The amounts in the rollforward categories are estimates, based on the predominant driver of the change.   Standardized   Advanced Year ended December 31, 2017 (in millions) Credit risk RWA   Market risk RWA Total RWA   Credit risk RWA Market risk RWA Operational risk  RWA Total RWA December 31, 2016 $ 1,365,137 (d)   $ 127,679 $ 1,492,816 (d)   $ 959,523 $ 127,657 $ 400,000 $ 1,487,180 Model & data changes (a) (8,214 )   1,739 (6,475 )   (14,189 ) 1,739 — (12,450 ) Portfolio runoff (b) (13,600 )   — (13,600 )   (16,100 ) — — (16,100 ) Movement in portfolio levels (c) 42,737   (5,716 ) 37,021   (6,329 ) (5,605 ) — (11,934 ) Changes in RWA 20,923   (3,977 ) 16,946   (36,618 ) (3,866 ) — (40,484 ) December 31, 2017 $ 1,386,060   $ 123,702 $ 1,509,762   $ 922,905 $ 123,791 $ 400,000 $ 1,446,696 (a)  Model & data changes refer to material movements in levels of RWA as a result of revised methodologies and/or treatment per regulatory guidance (exclusive of rule changes).    (b) Portfolio runoff for credit risk RWA primarily reflects  (under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches)  reduced risk from position rolloffs in legacy portfolios in   Home Lending , the sale of the student loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2017, and the sale of reverse mortgages in CIB during the third quarter of 2017. (c)  Movement in portfolio levels for credit risk RWA refers to changes primarily in book size, composition, credit quality, and market movements; and for market risk RWA refers to changes in position and market movements. (d)  The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Supplementary leverage ratio  The SLR is defined as Tier 1 capital under Basel III divided by  the Firm’s  total leverage exposure. Total leverage exposure is calculated by taking  the Firm’s  total average on-balance sheet assets, less amounts permitted to be deducted for Tier 1 capital, and adding certain off-balance sheet exposures, such as undrawn commitments and derivatives potential future exposure.   The following table presents the components of the Firm’s Fully Phased-In SLR as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. (in millions, except ratio) December 31, 2017 December 31, 2016 Tier 1 capital $ 208,564 $ 207,474 Total average assets 2,562,155 2,532,457 Less: Adjustments for deductions from Tier 1 capital 47,333 46,977 Total adjusted average assets (a) 2,514,822 2,485,480 Off-balance sheet exposures (b) 690,193 707,359 Total leverage exposure $ 3,205,015 $ 3,192,839 SLR 6.5 % 6.5 % (a) Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the SLR, includes total quarterly average assets adjusted for on-balance sheet assets that are subject to deduction from Tier 1 capital, predominantly goodwill and other intangible assets.   (b) Off-balance sheet exposures are calculated as the average of the three month-end spot balances during the reporting quarter.   As of December 31, 2017, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s and Chase Bank USA, N.A.’s Fully Phased-In SLRs are approximately  6.7%  and  11.8% , respectively.   Line of business equity Each business segment is allocated capital by taking into consideration stand-alone peer comparisons and regulatory capital requirements. For 2016, capital was allocated to each business segment for, among other things, goodwill and other intangibles associated with acquisitions effected by the line of business. ROE is measured and internal targets for expected returns are established as key measures of a business segment’s performance.  On at least an annual basis, the Firm assesses the level of capital required for each line of business as well as the assumptions and methodologies used to allocate capital.  Through the end of 2016, capital was allocated to the lines of business based on a single measure, Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In RWA.  Effective January 1, 2017, the Firm’s methodology used to allocate capital to the Firm’s business segments was updated. The new methodology incorporates Basel III Standardized Fully Phased-In RWA (as well as Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In RWA), leverage, the GSIB surcharge, and a simulation of capital in a severe stress environment. The methodology will continue to be weighted towards Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In RWA because the Firm believes it to be the best proxy for economic risk.  The Firm will consider further changes to its capital allocation methodology as the regulatory framework evolves. In addition, under the new methodology, capital is no longer allocated to each line of business for goodwill and other intangibles associated with acquisitions effected by the line of business. The Firm will continue to establish internal ROE targets for its business segments, against which they will be measured, as a key performance indicator.  88   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The table below reflects the Firm’s assessed level of capital allocated to each line of business as of the dates indicated.  Line of business equity (Allocated capital)         December 31, (in billions) January 1,  2018   2017 2016 Consumer & Community Banking $ 51.0   $ 51.0 $ 51.0 Corporate & Investment Bank 70.0   70.0 64.0 Commercial Banking 20.0   20.0 16.0 Asset & Wealth Management 9.0   9.0 9.0 Corporate 79.6   79.6 88.1 Total common stockholders’ equity $ 229.6   $ 229.6 $ 228.1 Planning and stress testing Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review The Federal Reserve requires large bank holding companies, including the Firm, to submit a capital plan on an annual basis. The Federal Reserve uses the CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act stress test processes to ensure that large BHCs have sufficient capital during periods of economic and financial stress, and have robust, forward-looking capital assessment and planning processes in place that address each BHC’s unique risks to enable it to absorb losses under certain stress scenarios.   Through the CCAR, the Federal Reserve evaluates each BHC’s capital adequacy and internal capital adequacy assessment processes (“ICAAP”), as well as its plans to make capital distributions, such as dividend payments or stock repurchases.   On June 28, 2017, the Federal Reserve informed the Firm that it did not object, on either a quantitative or qualitative basis, to the Firm’s 2017 capital plan. For information on actions taken by the Firm’s Board of Directors following the 2017 CCAR results, see Capital actions on  pages 89-90 . The Firm’s CCAR process is integrated into and employs the same methodologies utilized in the Firm’s ICAAP process , as discussed below.   Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process  Semiannually, the Firm completes the ICAAP, which provides management with a view of the impact of severe and unexpected events on earnings, balance sheet positions, reserves and capital. The Firm’s ICAAP integrates stress testing protocols with capital planning.   The process assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on the Firm’s earnings and capital. Economic scenarios, and the parameters underlying those scenarios, are defined centrally and applied uniformly across the businesses. These scenarios are articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors, which are key drivers of business results; global market shocks, which generate short-term but severe trading losses; and idiosyncratic operational risk events. The scenarios are intended to capture and stress key vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks facing the Firm. However, when defining a broad range of scenarios, actual events can always be worse. Accordingly, management considers additional stresses outside these scenarios, as necessary. ICAAP results are reviewed by management and the Audit Committee.   Capital actions Preferred stock   Preferred stock dividends declared were $1.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017. On October 20, 2017, the Firm issued $1.3 billion of fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, Series CC, with an initial dividend rate of 4.625%. On December 1, 2017, the Firm redeemed all $1.3 billion of its outstanding 5.50% non-cumulative preferred stock, Series O. For additional information on the Firm’s preferred stock, see Note  20 . Trust preferred securities On December 18, 2017, the Delaware trusts that issued seven series of outstanding trust preferred securities were liquidated, $1.6 billion of trust preferred and $56 million of common securities originally issued by those trusts were cancelled, and the junior subordinated debentures previously held by each trust issuer were distributed pro rata to the holders of the corresponding series of trust preferred and common securities. The Firm redeemed  $1.6 billion  of trust preferred securities in the year ended December 31, 2016. Common stock dividends  The Firm’s common stock dividend policy reflects JPMorgan Chase’s earnings outlook, desired dividend payout ratio, capital objectives, and alternative investment opportunities.  On September 19, 2017, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors increased the quarterly common stock dividend to $0.56 per share, effective with the dividend paid on October 31, 2017. The Firm’s dividends are subject to the Board of Directors’ approval on a quarterly basis. For information regarding dividend restrictions, see Note  20  and Note  25 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   89 Management’s discussion and analysis The following table shows the common dividend payout ratio based on net income applicable to common equity. Year ended December 31, 2017   2016   2015 Common dividend payout ratio 33 %   30 %   28 % Common equity  During the year ended December 31, 2017, warrant holders exercised their right to purchase 9.9 million shares of the Firm’s common stock. The Firm issued from treasury stock 5.4 million shares of its common stock as a result of these exercises. As of December 31, 2017, 15.0 million warrants remained outstanding, compared with 24.9 million outstanding as of December 31, 2016. Effective June 28, 2017, the Firm’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $19.4 billion of common equity (common stock and warrants) between July 1, 2017 and June 30, 2018, as part of its annual capital plan. As of  December 31, 2017 ,  $9.8 billion  of authorized repurchase capacity remained under the common equity repurchase program.  The following table sets forth the Firm’s repurchases of common equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. There were no repurchases of warrants during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Total number of shares of common stock repurchased   166.6   140.4   89.8 Aggregate purchase price of common stock repurchases   $ 15,410   $ 9,082   $ 5,616 The Firm may, from time to time, enter into written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to facilitate repurchases in accordance with the common equity repurchase program. A Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan allows the Firm to repurchase its equity during periods when it would not otherwise be repurchasing common equity — for example, during internal trading blackout periods. All purchases under Rule 10b5-1 plans must be made according to predefined schedules established when the Firm is not aware of material nonpublic information. The authorization to repurchase common equity will be utilized at management’s discretion, and the timing of purchases and the exact amount of common equity that may be repurchased is subject to various factors, including market conditions; legal and regulatory considerations affecting the amount and timing of repurchase activity; the Firm’s capital position (taking into account goodwill and intangibles); internal capital generation; and alternative investment opportunities. The repurchase program does not include specific price targets or timetables; may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or utilizing Rule 10b5-1 plans; and may be suspended by management at any time.   For additional information regarding repurchases of the Firm’s equity securities, see Part II, Item 5: Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities on  page 28 . Other capital requirements  TLAC On December 15, 2016, the Federal Reserve issued its final TLAC rule which requires the top-tier holding companies of eight U.S. GSIB holding companies, including the Firm, to maintain minimum levels of external TLAC and external long-term debt that satisfies certain eligibility criteria (“eligible LTD”), effective January 1, 2019. The minimum external TLAC and the minimum level of eligible long-term debt requirements are shown below: (a) RWA is the greater of Standardized and Advanced. The final TLAC rule permanently grandfathered all long-term debt issued before December 31, 2016, to the extent these securities would be ineligible because they contained impermissible acceleration rights or were governed by non-U.S. law. As of December 31, 2017, the Firm was compliant with the requirements under the current rule to which it will be subject on January 1, 2019. 90   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Broker-dealer regulatory capital JPMorgan Securities JPMorgan Chase’s principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary is JPMorgan Securities. JPMorgan Securities is subject to Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Net Capital Rule”). JPMorgan Securities is also registered as a futures commission merchant and subject to Rule 1.17 of the CFTC. JPMorgan Securities has elected to compute its minimum net capital requirements in accordance with the “Alternative Net Capital Requirements” of the Net Capital Rule.   In accordance with the market and credit risk standards of Appendix E of the Net Capital Rule, JPMorgan Securities is eligible to use the alternative method of computing net capital if, in addition to meeting its minimum net capital requirements, it maintains tentative net capital of at least $1.0 billion and is also required to notify the SEC in the event that tentative net capital is less than $5.0 billion. As of December 31, 2017, JPMorgan Securities had tentative net capital in excess of the minimum and notification requirements. The following table presents JPMorgan Securities’ net capital information:  December 31, 2017 Net capital (in billions) Actual Minimum JPMorgan Securities $ 13.6 $ 2.8 J.P. Morgan Securities plc J.P. Morgan Securities plc is a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and is the Firm’s principal operating subsidiary in the U.K. It has authority to engage in banking, investment banking and broker-dealer activities. J.P. Morgan Securities plc is jointly regulated by the U.K. PRA and the FCA. J.P. Morgan Securities plc is subject to the European Union Capital Requirements Regulation and the U.K. PRA capital rules, each of which implemented Basel III and thereby subject J.P. Morgan Securities plc to its requirements. The following table presents J.P. Morgan Securities plc’s capital information: December 31, 2017 Total capital   CET1 ratio   Total capital ratio (in billions, except ratios) Estimated   Estimated Minimum   Estimated Minimum J.P. Morgan Securities plc $ 39.6   15.9 4.5   15.9 8.0 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   91 Management’s discussion and analysis LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Firm will be unable to meet its contractual and contingent financial obligations as they arise or that it does not have the appropriate amount, composition and tenor of funding and liquidity to support its assets and liabilities. Liquidity risk oversight The Firm has a liquidity risk oversight function whose primary objective is to provide assessment, measurement, monitoring, and control of liquidity risk across the Firm. Liquidity risk oversight is managed through a dedicated firmwide Liquidity Risk Oversight group. The CIO, Treasury and Corporate (“CTC”)  CRO,  who reports to the  Firm’s  CRO, as part of the IRM function, is responsible for firmwide Liquidity Risk Oversight. Liquidity Risk Oversight’s responsibilities include :   • Establishing and monitoring limits, indicators, and thresholds, including liquidity risk appetite tolerances;   • Monitoring internal firmwide and material legal entity liquidity stress tests, and monitoring and reporting regulatory defined liquidity stress testing;   • Approving or escalating for review liquidity stress assumptions;   • Monitoring liquidity positions, balance sheet variances and funding activities, and   • Conducting ad hoc analysis to identify potential emerging liquidity risks . Liquidity management  Treasury and CIO is responsible for liquidity management. The primary objectives of effective liquidity management are to:   • Ensure that the Firm’s core businesses and material legal entities are able to operate in support of client needs and meet contractual and contingent financial obligations through normal economic cycles as well as during stress events, and  • Manage an optimal funding mix and availability of liquidity sources.  The Firm manages liquidity and funding using a centralized, global approach across its entities, taking into consideration both their current liquidity profile and any potential changes over time, in order to optimize liquidity sources and uses.   In the context of the Firm’s liquidity management, Treasury and CIO is responsible for:   • Analyzing and understanding the liquidity characteristics of the assets and liabilities of the Firm, lines of business and legal entities, taking into account legal, regulatory, and operational restrictions;   • Developing internal liquidity stress testing assumptions;   • Defining and monitoring firmwide and legal entity-specific liquidity strategies, policies, guidelines, reporting and contingency funding plans;     • Managing liquidity within the Firm’s approved liquidity risk appetite tolerances and limits;   • Managing compliance with regulatory requirements related to funding and liquidity risk, and   • Setting transfer pricing in accordance with underlying liquidity characteristics of balance sheet assets and liabilities as well as certain off-balance sheet items.   Risk governance and measurement Specific committees responsible for liquidity governance include the  firmwide ALCO  as well as line of business and regional ALCOs, and the CTC Risk Committee. In addition, the  DRPC  reviews and recommends to the Board of Directors, for formal approval, the Firm’s liquidity risk tolerances, liquidity strategy, and liquidity policy at least annually. For further discussion of ALCO and other risk-related committees, see Enterprise-wide Risk Management on   pages 75–137 . Internal stress testing Liquidity stress tests are intended to ensure that the Firm has sufficient liquidity under a variety of adverse scenarios, including scenarios analyzed as part of the Firm’s resolution and recovery planning. Stress scenarios are produced for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“Parent Company”) and the Firm’s material legal entities on a regular basis, and ad hoc stress tests are performed, as needed, in response to specific market events or concerns. Liquidity stress tests assume all of the Firm’s contractual financial obligations are met and take into consideration:  • Varying levels of access to unsecured and secured funding markets,  • Estimated non-contractual and contingent cash outflows, and  • Potential impediments to the availability and transferability of liquidity between jurisdictions and material legal entities such as regulatory, legal or other restrictions.  Liquidity outflow assumptions are modeled across a range of time horizons and currency dimensions and contemplate both market and idiosyncratic stresses.  Results of stress tests are considered in the formulation of the Firm’s funding plan and assessment of its liquidity position. The Parent Company acts as a source of funding for the Firm through equity and long-term debt issuances, and the IHC provides funding support to the ongoing operations of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries, as necessary. The Firm maintains liquidity at the Parent Company and the IHC, in addition to liquidity held at the operating subsidiaries, at levels sufficient to comply with liquidity risk tolerances and minimum liquidity requirements, and to manage through periods of stress where access to normal funding sources is disrupted. 92   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Contingency funding plan The Firm’s contingency funding plan (“CFP”), which is approved by the firmwide ALCO and the DRPC, is a compilation of procedures and action plans for managing liquidity through stress events. The CFP incorporates the limits and indicators set by the Liquidity Risk Oversight group. These limits and indicators are reviewed regularly to identify the emergence of risks or vulnerabilities in the Firm’s liquidity position. The CFP identifies the alternative contingent funding and liquidity resources available to the Firm and its legal entities in a period of stress. LCR and HQLA The LCR rule requires the Firm to maintain an amount of unencumbered HQLA that  is sufficient to meet its estimated total net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period of significant stress.  HQLA is the amount of liquid assets that qualify for inclusion in the LCR. HQLA primarily consist of unencumbered cash and certain high quality liquid securities as defined in the LCR rule. Under the LCR rule, the amount of HQLA held by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A that are in excess of each entity’s standalone 100% minimum LCR requirement, and that are not transferable to non-bank affiliates, must be excluded from the Firm’s reported HQLA.   Effective January 1, 2017, the LCR is required to be a minimum of 100%.    On December 19, 2016, the Federal Reserve published final LCR public disclosure requirements for certain BHCs and non-bank financial companies. Beginning with the second quarter of 2017, the Firm disclosed its average LCR for the quarter and the key quantitative components of the average LCR, along with a qualitative discussion of material drivers of the ratio, changes over time, and causes of such changes. The Firm will continue to make available its U.S. LCR Disclosure report on a quarterly basis on the Firm’s website at: (https://investor.shareholder.com/jpmorganchase/basel.cfm) The following table summarizes the Firm’s average LCR for the three months ended  December 31, 2017  based on the Firm’s current interpretation of the finalized LCR framework. Average amount (in millions) Three months ended December 31, 2017 HQLA   Eligible cash (a) $ 370,126 Eligible securities (b)(c) 189,955 Total HQLA (d) $ 560,081 Net cash outflows $ 472,078 LCR 119 % Net excess HQLA  (d) $ 88,003 (a) Represents cash on deposit at central banks, primarily Federal Reserve Banks. (b) Predominantly U.S. Agency MBS, U.S. Treasuries, and sovereign bonds net of applicable haircuts under the LCR rules (c) HQLA eligible securities may be reported in securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements, trading assets, or securities on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. (d) Excludes average excess HQLA at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. that are not transferable to non-bank affiliates.   For the three months ended  December 31, 2017 , the Firm’s average LCR was 119%, compared with an average of 120% for the three months ended September 30, 2017.  The decrease in the ratio was largely attributable to a decrease in average HQLA, driven primarily by long-term debt maturities.  The Firm’s average LCR may fluctuate from period to period, due to changes in its HQLA and estimated net cash outflows under the LCR as a result of ongoing business activity. The Firm’s HQLA are expected to be available to meet its liquidity needs in a time of stress. Other liquidity sources As of  December 31, 2017 ,  in addition to assets reported in the Firm’s HQLA under the LCR rule, the Firm had approximately  $ 208 billion   of unencumbered marketable securities, such as equity securities and fixed income debt securities, available to raise liquidity, if required. This includes HQLA-eligible securities included as part of the excess liquidity at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that are not transferable to non-bank affiliates.    As of  December 31, 2017 ,  the Firm also had approximately $277 billion of available borrowing capacity at various Federal Home Loan Banks (“FHLBs”), discount windows at Federal Reserve Banks and various other central banks as a result of collateral pledged by the Firm to such banks. This borrowing capacity excludes the benefit of securities reported in the Firm’s HQLA or other unencumbered securities that are currently pledged at Federal Reserve Bank discount windows. Although available, the Firm does not view the borrowing capacity at Federal Reserve Bank discount windows and the various other central banks as a primary source of liquidity.    NSFR The net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) is intended to measure the adequacy of “available” and “required” amounts of stable funding over a one-year horizon. On April 26, 2016, the U.S. NSFR proposal was released for large banks and BHCs and was largely consistent with the Basel Committee’s final standard.  While the final U.S. NSFR rule has yet to be released, as of December 31, 2017 the Firm estimates that it was compliant with the proposed 100% minimum NSFR based on its current understanding of the proposed rule. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   93 Management’s discussion and analysis Funding Sources of funds Management believes that the Firm’s unsecured and secured funding capacity is sufficient to meet its on- and off-balance sheet obligations. The Firm funds its global balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including a stable deposit franchise as well as secured and unsecured funding in the capital markets. The Firm’s loan portfolio is funded with a portion of the Firm’s deposits, through securitizations and, with respect to a portion of the Firm’s real estate-related loans, with secured borrowings from the FHLBs. Deposits in excess of the amount utilized to fund loans are primarily invested in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio or deployed in cash or other short-term liquid investments based on their interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics.   Securities    borrowed or purchased under resale agreements and trading assets-debt and equity instruments are primarily funded by the Firm’s securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, trading liabilities–debt and equity instruments, and a portion of the Firm’s long-term debt and stockholders’ equity. In addition to funding securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements and trading assets-debt and   equity instruments, proceeds from the Firm’s debt and equity issuances are used to fund certain loans and other financial and non-financial assets, or may be invested in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio.  See the discussion below for additional information relating to Deposits, Short-term funding, and Long-term funding and issuance. Deposits The table below summarizes, by line of business, the period-end and average deposit balances as of and for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . Deposits     Year ended December 31, As of or for the year ended December 31,       Average (in millions) 2017 2016   2017 2016 Consumer & Community Banking $ 659,885 $ 618,337   $ 640,219 $ 586,637 Corporate & Investment Bank 455,883 412,434   447,697 409,680 Commercial Banking 181,512 179,532   176,884 172,835 Asset & Wealth Management 146,407 161,577   148,982 153,334 Corporate 295 3,299   3,604 5,482 Total Firm $ 1,443,982 $ 1,375,179   $ 1,417,386 $ 1,327,968 A key strength of the Firm is its diversified deposit franchise, through each of its lines of business, which provides a stable source of funding and limits reliance on the wholesale funding markets. A significant portion of the Firm’s deposits are consumer and wholesale operating deposits, which are both considered to be stable sources of liquidity.  Wholesale operating deposits are considered to be stable sources of liquidity because they are generated from customers that maintain operating service relationships with the Firm.    The table below shows the loan and deposit balances, the loans-to-deposits ratios, and deposits as a percentage of total liabilities, as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . As of December 31,  (in billions except ratios)     2017 2016 Deposits $ 1,444.0 $ 1,375.2 Deposits as a % of total liabilities 63 % 61 % Loans 930.7 894.8 Loans-to-deposits ratio 64 % 65 %   Deposits increased due to both higher consumer and wholesale deposits. The  higher consumer deposits  reflect  the continuation of strong growth from new and existing customers, and low attrition rates . The  higher wholesale deposits largely  were  driven by growth in client cash management activity in CIB’s Securities Services business, partially offset by lower balances in AWM reflecting balance migration predominantly into the Firm’s investment-related products .  The Firm believes average deposit balances are generally more representative of deposit trends than period-end deposit balances. The increase in average deposits for the year ended  December 31, 2017  compared with the year ended  December 31, 2016 , was driven by an increase in both consumer and wholesale deposits. For further discussions of deposit and liability balance trends, see the discussion of the Firm’s business segments results and the Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis on  pages 55–74  and  pages 47-48 , respectively. 94   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table summarizes short-term and long-term funding, excluding deposits, as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , and average balances for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . For additional information, see the Consolidated Balance Sheets Analysis on  pages 47-48  and Note  19 . Sources of funds (excluding deposits)         As of or for the year ended December 31,        Average (in millions) 2017 2016   2017 2016 Commercial paper $ 24,186 $ 11,738   $ 19,920 $ 15,001 Other borrowed funds 27,616 22,705   26,612 21,139 Total short-term borrowings $ 51,802 $ 34,443   $ 46,532 $ 36,140             Obligations of Firm-administered multi-seller conduits (a) $ 3,045 $ 2,719   $ 3,206 $ 5,153             Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase:           Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (b) $ 146,432 $ 149,826   $ 171,973 $ 160,458 Securities loaned (c) 7,910 12,137   11,526 13,195 Total securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase (d) $ 154,342 $ 161,963   $ 183,499 $ 173,653             Senior notes $ 155,852 $ 151,042   $ 154,352 $ 153,768 Trust preferred securities (e) 690 2,345   2,276 3,724 Subordinated debt (e) 16,553 21,940   18,832 24,224 Structured notes 45,727 37,292   42,918 35,978 Total long-term unsecured funding $ 218,822 $ 212,619   $ 218,378 $ 217,694             Credit card securitization (a) $ 21,278 $ 31,181   $ 25,933 $ 29,428 Other securitizations (a)(f) — 1,527   626 1,669 FHLB advances 60,617 79,519   69,916 73,260 Other long-term secured funding (g) 4,641 3,107   3,195 4,619 Total long-term secured funding $ 86,536 $ 115,334   $ 99,670 $ 108,976             Preferred stock (h) $ 26,068 $ 26,068   26,212 $ 26,068 Common stockholders’ equity (h) $ 229,625 $ 228,122   230,350 $ 224,631 (a) Included in beneficial interest issued by consolidated variable interest entities on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. (b) Excludes long-term structured repurchase agreements of  $1.3 billion  and  $1.8 billion  as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, and average balances of  $1.5 billion  and  $2.9 billion  for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively.  (c) Excludes long-term securities loaned of  $1.3 billion  and  $1.2 billion  as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, and average balances of  $1.3 billion  for both the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 .  (d) Excludes federal funds purchased. (e) Subordinated debt includes $1.6 billion of junior subordinated debentures distributed pro rata to the holders of the $1.6 billion of trust preferred securities which were cancelled on December 18, 2017. For further information see Note  19  . (f) Other securitizations includes securitizations of student loans. The Firm deconsolidated the student loan securitization entities in the second quarter of 2017 as it no longer had a controlling financial interest in these entities as a result of the sale of the student loan portfolio. The Firm’s wholesale businesses also securitize loans for client-driven transactions, which are not considered to be a source of funding for the Firm and are not included in the table. (g) Includes long-term structured notes which are secured. (h) For additional information on preferred stock and common stockholders’ equity see Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91 , Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity, Note  20  and Note  21 . Short-term funding  The Firm’s sources of short-term secured funding primarily consist of securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. These instruments are secured predominantly by high-quality securities collateral, including government-issued debt and agency MBS, and constitute a significant portion of the federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements on the Consolidated balance sheets.  The increase in the average balance of securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase for the year ended  December 31, 2017 , compared to  December 31, 2016 , was largely due to client activities in CIB. The balances associated with securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase fluctuate over time due to customers’ investment and financing activities; the Firm’s demand for financing; the ongoing management of the mix of the Firm’s liabilities, including its secured and unsecured financing (for both the investment    securities and market-making portfolios); and other market and portfolio factors. The Firm’s sources of short-term unsecured funding primarily consist of issuances of wholesale commercial paper.  The increase in short-term unsecured funding was  primarily due to higher issuance of commercial paper reflecting in part a change in the mix of funding from securities sold under repurchase agreements for CIB Markets activities. Long-term funding and issuance Long-term funding provides additional sources of stable funding and liquidity for the Firm. The Firm’s long-term funding plan is driven primarily by expected client activity, liquidity considerations, and regulatory requirements,  including TLAC.  Long-term funding objectives include maintaining diversification, maximizing market access and  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   95 Management’s discussion and analysis optimizing funding costs. The Firm evaluates various funding markets, tenors and currencies in creating its optimal long-term funding plan.   The significant majority of the Firm’s long-term unsecured funding is issued by  the Parent Company  to provide maximum flexibility in support of both bank and non-bank subsidiary funding needs. The Parent Company advances substantially all net funding proceeds to its subsidiary, the IHC. The IHC does not issue debt to external counterparties.  The following table summarizes long-term unsecured issuance and maturities or redemptions for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . For additional information, see Note  19 . Long-term unsecured funding   Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Issuance     Senior notes issued in the U.S. market $ 21,192 $ 25,639 Senior notes issued in non-U.S. markets 2,210 7,063 Total senior notes 23,402 32,702 Subordinated debt — 1,093 Structured notes 29,040 22,865 Total long-term unsecured funding – issuance $ 52,442 $ 56,660       Maturities/redemptions     Senior notes $ 22,337 $ 29,989 Trust preferred securities — 1,630 Subordinated debt 6,901 3,596 Structured notes 22,581 15,925 Total long-term unsecured funding – maturities/redemptions $ 51,819 $ 51,140 The Firm  raises secured long-term funding through securitization of consumer credit card loans and advances from the FHLBs.     The following table summarizes the securitization issuance and FHLB advances and their respective maturities or redemption for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and 2016.  Long-term secured funding       Year ended  December 31, Issuance   Maturities/Redemptions (in millions) 2017 2016   2017 2016 Credit card securitization $ 1,545 $ 8,277   $ 11,470 $ 5,025 Other securitizations (a) —   55 233 FHLB advances — 17,150   18,900 9,209 Other long-term secured funding (b) 2,354 455   731 2,645 Total long-term secured funding $ 3,899 $ 25,882   $ 31,156 $ 17,112 (a) Other securitizations includes securitizations of student loans. The Firm deconsolidated the student loan securitization entities in the second quarter of 2017 as it no longer had a controlling financial interest in these entities as a result of the sale of the student loan portfolio.  (b) Includes long-term structured notes which are secured. The Firm’s wholesale businesses also securitize loans for client-driven transactions; those client-driven loan securitizations are not considered to be a source of funding for the Firm and are not included in the table above. For further description of the client-driven loan securitizations, see Note  14 . 96   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Credit ratings The cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings. Reductions in these ratings could have an adverse effect on the Firm’s access to liquidity sources, increase the cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to the Firm. Additionally, the Firm’s funding requirements for VIEs and other third-    party commitments may be adversely affected by a decline in credit ratings. For additional information on the impact of a credit ratings downgrade on the funding requirements for VIEs, and on derivatives and collateral agreements, see SPEs on page  50 , and credit risk, liquidity risk and credit-related contingent features in Note  5  on  page 186 . The credit ratings of the Parent Company and the Firm’s principal bank and non-bank subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2017 , were as follows.   JPMorgan Chase & Co.   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Chase Bank USA, N.A.   J.P. Morgan Securities LLC J.P. Morgan Securities plc December 31, 2017 Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook   Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook   Long-term issuer Short-term issuer Outlook Moody’s Investors Service A3 P-2 Stable   Aa3 P-1 Stable   A1 P-1 Stable Standard & Poor’s A- A-2 Stable   A+ A-1 Stable   A+ A-1 Stable Fitch Ratings A+ F1 Stable   AA- F1+ Stable   AA- F1+ Stable On February 22, 2017, Moody’s published its updated rating methodologies for securities firms. As a result of this methodology change, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC’s long-term issuer rating was downgraded by one notch from Aa3 to A1; the short-term issuer rating was unchanged and the outlook remained stable.  On June 1, 2017, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. terminated its guarantee of the payment of all obligations of J.P. Morgan Securities plc arising after such termination. J.P. Morgan Securities plc, whose credit ratings previously reflected the benefit of this guarantee, is now rated on a stand-alone, non-guaranteed basis. Downgrades of the Firm’s long-term ratings by one or two notches could result in an increase in its cost of funds, and access to certain funding markets could be reduced as noted above. The nature and magnitude of the impact of ratings downgrades depends on numerous contractual and   behavioral factors which the Firm believes are incorporated in its liquidity risk and stress testing metrics. The Firm believes that it maintains sufficient liquidity to withstand a    potential decrease in funding capacity due to ratings downgrades. JPMorgan Chase’s unsecured debt does not contain requirements that would call for an acceleration of payments, maturities or changes in the structure of the existing debt, provide any limitations on future borrowings or require additional collateral, based on unfavorable changes in the Firm’s credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings, or stock price. Critical factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong capital ratios, strong credit quality and risk management controls, diverse funding sources, and disciplined liquidity monitoring procedures. Rating agencies continue to evaluate economic and geopolitical trends, regulatory developments, future profitability, risk management practices, and litigation matters, as well as their broader ratings methodologies. Changes in any of these factors could lead to changes in the Firm’s credit ratings. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   97 REPUTATION RISK MANAGEMENT Reputation risk is the potential that an action, inaction, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the Firm’s integrity or competence by its various constituents, including clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees and the broader public.  M aintaining the Firm’s reputation is the responsibility of each individual employee of the Firm. The Firm’s Reputation Risk Governance policy explicitly vests each employee with the responsibility to consider the reputation of the Firm when engaging in any activity. Because the types of events that could harm the Firm’s reputation are so varied across the Firm’s lines of business, each line of business has a separate reputation risk governance infrastructure in place, which consists of    three key elements: clear, documented escalation criteria appropriate to the business; a designated primary discussion forum — in most cases, one or more dedicated reputation risk committees; and a list of designated contacts to whom questions relating to reputation risk should be referred. Any matter giving rise to reputation risk that originates in a corporate function is required to be escalated directly to Firmwide Reputation Risk Governance (“FRRG”) or to the relevant Risk Committee. Reputation risk governance is overseen by FRRG, which provides oversight of the governance infrastructure and process to support the consistent identification, escalation, management and monitoring of reputation risk issues firmwide. 98   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report CREDIT AND INVESTMENT RISK MANAGEMENT Credit and investment risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer; or loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments. Credit risk management Credit risk is the risk associated with the default or change in credit profile of a client, counterparty or customer. The Firm provides credit to a variety of customers, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to individual consumers and small businesses.  In its consumer businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk primarily through its home lending, credit card, auto, and business banking businesses. In its wholesale businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk through its underwriting, lending, market-making, and hedging activities with and for clients and counterparties, as well as through its operating services activities (such as cash management and clearing activities), securities financing activities, investment securities portfolio, and cash placed with banks. Credit risk management is an independent risk management function that monitors, measures and manages credit risk throughout the Firm and defines credit risk policies and procedures. The credit risk function reports to the Firm’s CRO. The Firm’s credit risk management governance includes the following activities: • Establishing a comprehensive credit risk policy framework • Monitoring, measuring and managing credit risk across all portfolio segments, including transaction and exposure approval • Setting industry concentration limits and establishing underwriting guidelines  • Assigning and managing credit authorities in connection with the approval of all credit exposure • Managing criticized exposures and delinquent loans • Estimating credit losses and ensuring appropriate credit risk-based capital management Risk identification and measurement The Credit Risk Management function monitors, measures, manages and limits credit risk across the Firm’s businesses. To measure credit risk, the Firm employs several methodologies for estimating the likelihood of obligor or counterparty default. Methodologies for measuring credit risk vary depending on several factors, including type of asset (e.g., consumer versus wholesale), risk measurement parameters (e.g., delinquency status and borrower’s credit score versus wholesale risk-rating) and risk management and collection processes (e.g., retail collection center versus centrally managed workout groups). Credit risk measurement is based on the probability of default of an obligor or counterparty, the loss severity given a default event and the exposure at default.   Based on these factors and related market-based inputs, the Firm estimates credit losses for its exposures. Probable credit losses inherent in the consumer and wholesale held-for-investment loan portfolios are reflected in the allowance for loan losses, and probable credit losses inherent in lending-related commitments are reflected in the allowance for lending-related commitments. These losses are estimated using statistical analyses and other factors as described in Note  13 . In addition, potential and unexpected credit losses are reflected in the allocation of credit risk capital and represent the potential volatility of actual losses relative to the established allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments. The analyses for these losses include stress testing that considers alternative economic scenarios as described in the Stress testing section below. For further information, see Critical Accounting Estimates used by the Firm on  pages 138–140 . The methodologies used to estimate credit losses depend on the characteristics of the credit exposure, as described below. Scored exposure The scored portfolio is generally held in CCB and predominantly includes residential real estate loans, credit card loans, and certain auto and business banking loans. For the scored portfolio,  credit loss estimates are based on statistical analysis of credit losses over discrete periods of time. The statistical analysis uses portfolio modeling, credit scoring, and decision-support tools, which consider loan-level factors such as delinquency status, credit scores, collateral values, and other risk factors.  Credit loss analyses also consider, as appropriate, uncertainties and other factors, including those related to current macroeconomic and political conditions, the quality of underwriting standards, and other internal and external factors. The factors and analysis are updated on a quarterly basis or more frequently as market conditions dictate. Risk-rated exposure Risk-rated portfolios are generally held in CIB, CB and AWM, but also include certain business banking and auto dealer loans held in CCB that are risk-rated because they have characteristics similar to commercial loans. For the risk-rated portfolio, credit loss estimates are based on estimates of the probability of default (“PD”) and loss severity given a default.  The probability of default is the likelihood that a borrower will default on its obligation; the loss given default (“LGD”) is the estimated loss on the loan that would be realized upon the default and takes into consideration collateral and structural support for each credit facility.  The estimation process includes assigning risk ratings to each borrower and credit facility to differentiate risk within the portfolio. These risk ratings are reviewed regularly by Credit Risk Management and revised as needed to reflect the borrower’s current financial position, risk profile and related collateral.  The calculations and assumptions are  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   99 Management’s discussion and analysis based on both internal and external historical experience and management judgment and are reviewed regularly. Stress testing Stress testing is important in measuring and managing credit risk in the Firm’s credit portfolio. The process assesses the potential impact of alternative economic and business scenarios on estimated credit losses for the Firm. Economic scenarios and the underlying parameters are defined centrally, articulated in terms of macroeconomic factors and applied across the businesses. The stress test results may indicate credit migration, changes in delinquency trends and potential losses in the credit portfolio. In addition to the periodic stress testing processes, management also considers additional stresses outside these scenarios, including industry and country- specific stress scenarios, as necessary. The Firm uses stress testing to inform decisions on setting risk appetite both at a Firm and LOB level, as well as to assess the impact of stress on individual counterparties. Risk monitoring and management The Firm has developed policies and practices that are designed to preserve the independence and integrity of the approval and decision-making process of extending credit to ensure credit risks are assessed accurately, approved properly, monitored regularly and managed actively at both the transaction and portfolio levels. The policy framework establishes credit approval authorities, concentration limits, risk-rating methodologies, portfolio review parameters and guidelines for management of distressed exposures. In addition, certain models, assumptions and inputs used in evaluating and monitoring credit risk are independently validated by groups that are separate from the line of businesses. Consumer credit risk is monitored for delinquency and other trends, including any concentrations at the portfolio level, as certain of these trends can be modified through changes in underwriting policies and portfolio guidelines. Consumer Risk Management evaluates delinquency and other trends against business expectations, current and forecasted economic conditions, and industry benchmarks. Historical and forecasted economic performance and trends are incorporated into the modeling of estimated consumer credit losses and are part of the monitoring of the credit risk profile of the portfolio.  Wholesale credit risk is monitored regularly at an aggregate portfolio, industry, and individual client and counterparty level with established concentration limits that are reviewed and revised as deemed appropriate by management, typically on an annual basis. Industry and counterparty limits, as measured in terms of exposure and economic risk appetite, are subject to stress-based loss constraints. In addition, wrong-way risk — the risk that exposure to a counterparty is positively correlated with the impact of a default by the same counterparty, which could cause exposure to increase at the same time as the counterparty’s capacity to meet its obligations is decreasing — is actively    monitored as this risk could result in greater exposure at default compared with a transaction with another counterparty that does not have this risk. Management of the Firm’s wholesale credit risk exposure is accomplished through a number of means, including: • Loan underwriting and credit approval process • Loan syndications and participations • Loan sales and securitizations • Credit derivatives • Master netting agreements • Collateral and other risk-reduction techniques In addition to Credit Risk Management, an independent Credit Review function is responsible for:   • I ndependently validating or changing the risk grades assigned to exposures in the Firm’s wholesale and commercial-oriented retail credit portfolios, and assessing the timeliness of risk grade changes initiated by responsible business units; and   • Evaluating the effectiveness of business units’ credit management processes, including the adequacy of credit analyses and risk grading/ LGD   rationales, proper monitoring and management of credit exposures, and compliance with applicable grading policies and underwriting guidelines.   For further discussion of consumer and wholesale loans, see Note  12 . Risk reporting To enable monitoring of credit risk and effective decision-making, aggregate credit exposure, credit quality forecasts, concentration levels and risk profile changes are reported regularly to senior members of Credit Risk Management. Detailed portfolio reporting of industry; clients, counterparties and customers; product and geographic concentrations occurs monthly, and the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by senior management at least on a quarterly basis. Through the risk reporting and governance structure, credit risk trends and limit exceptions are provided regularly to, and discussed with, risk committees, senior management and the Board of Directors as appropriate. 100   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report CREDIT PORTFOLIO In the following tables, reported loans include loans retained (i.e., held-for-investment); loans held-for-sale; and certain loans accounted for at fair value. The following tables do not include certain loans the Firm accounts for at fair value and classifies as trading assets. For further information regarding these loans, see Note  2  and Note  3 . For additional information on the Firm’s loans, lending-related commitments, and derivative receivables, including the Firm’s accounting policies, see Note  12 , Note  27 , and Note  5 , respectively.  For further information regarding the credit risk inherent in the Firm’s cash placed with banks, investment securities portfolio, and securities financing portfolio, see Note  4 , Note  10 , and Note  11 , respectively. For discussion of the consumer credit environment and consumer loans, see Consumer Credit Portfolio on  pages 102-107  and Note  12 . For discussion of the wholesale credit environment and wholesale loans, see Wholesale Credit Portfolio on  pages 108–116  and Note  12 .   Total credit portfolio         December 31, (in millions) Credit exposure   Nonperforming (e)(f) 2017 2016   2017 2016 Loans retained $ 924,838 $ 889,907   $ 5,943 $ 6,721 Loans held-for-sale 3,351 2,628   — 162 Loans at fair value 2,508 2,230   — — Total loans – reported 930,697 894,765   5,943 6,883 Derivative receivables 56,523 64,078   130 223 Receivables from customers and other  (a) 26,272 17,560   — — Total credit-related assets 1,013,492 976,403   6,073 7,106 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions           Real estate owned NA NA   311 370 Other NA NA   42 59 Total   assets acquired in loan satisfactions NA NA   353 429 Lending-related commitments 991,482 975,152 (d)   731 506 Total credit portfolio $ 2,004,974 $ 1,951,555 (d)   $ 7,157 $ 8,041 Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities (b) $ (17,609 ) $ (22,114 )   $ — $ — Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (c) (16,108 ) (22,705 )   NA NA Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios)   2017 2016 Net charge-offs (g)   $ 5,387 $ 4,692 Average retained loans       Loans    898,979 861,345 Loans – reported, excluding    residential real estate PCI loans   865,887 822,973 Net charge-off rates (g)       Loans   0.60 % 0.54 % Loans – excluding PCI   0.62 0.57 (a) Receivables from customers and other primarily represents held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage customers. (b) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives used to manage both performing and nonperforming wholesale credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. For additional information, see Credit derivatives on  pages 115–116  and Note  5 . (c) Includes collateral related to derivative instruments where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained. (d) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.  (e) Excludes PCI loans. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of PCI loans as each of the pools is performing. (f) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , nonperforming assets excluded: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $4.3 billion  and  $5.0 billion , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of zero and  $263 million , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; and (3) Real estate owned (“REO”) insured by U.S. government agencies of  $95 million  and  $142 million , respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. In addition, the Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance issued by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”). (g) For the year ended  December 31, 2017 , excluding net charge-offs of  $467 million  related to the student loan portfolio sale, the net charge-off rate for loans would have been  0.55%  and for loans - excluding PCI would have been  0.57% .  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   101 Management’s discussion and analysis CONSUMER CREDIT PORTFOLIO The Firm’s retained  consumer portfolio consists primarily of residential real estate loans, credit card loans, auto loans, and business banking loans, as well as associated lending-related commitments.  The Firm’s focus is on serving primarily the prime segment of the consumer credit market. Originated mortgage loans are retained in the mortgage portfolio, securitized or sold to U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises; other types of consumer loans are typically retained on the balance sheet. The credit performance of the consumer portfolio continues to benefit from discipline in credit underwriting as well as improvement in the economy driven by increasing home prices and low unemployment. The total amount of residential real estate loans delinquent 30+ days, excluding government guaranteed and purchased credit impaired loans, increased from  December 31, 2016  due to the impact of recent hurricanes; however, the 30+ day delinquency rate decreased due to growth in the portfolio. The Credit Card 30+ day delinquency rate and the net charge-off rate increased from the prior year, in line with expectations. For further information on consumer loans, see Note  12 . For further information on lending-related commitments, see Note  27 . 102   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table presents consumer credit-related information with respect to the credit portfolio held by CCB, prime mortgage and home equity loans held by AWM, and prime mortgage loans held by Corpora te.  For further information about the Firm’s nonaccrual and charge-off accounting policies, see Note  12 . Consumer credit portfolio As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Credit exposure   Nonaccrual loans (k)(l)   Net charge-offs/(recoveries) (e)(m)(n)   Average annual net charge-off rate (e)(m)(n) 2017   2016   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016 Consumer, excluding credit card                         Loans, excluding PCI loans and loans held-for-sale                         Residential mortgage (a) $ 216,496   $ 192,486   $ 2,175 $ 2,256   $ (10 ) $ 16   — % 0.01 % Home equity 33,450   39,063   1,610 1,845   69 189   0.19 0.45 Auto (b)(c) 66,242   65,814   141 214   331 285   0.51 0.45 Consumer & Business Banking (a)(c)(d) 25,789   24,307   283 287   257 257   1.03 1.10 Student (a)(e) —   7,057   — 165   498 162   NM 2.13 Total loans, excluding PCI loans and loans held-for-sale 341,977   328,727   4,209 4,767   1,145 909   0.34 0.28 Loans – PCI                         Home equity 10,799   12,902   NA NA   NA NA   NA NA Prime mortgage 6,479   7,602   NA NA   NA NA   NA NA Subprime mortgage 2,609   2,941   NA NA   NA NA   NA NA Option ARMs (f) 10,689   12,234   NA NA   NA NA   NA NA Total loans – PCI 30,576   35,679   NA NA   NA NA   NA NA Total loans – retained 372,553   364,406   4,209 4,767   1,145 909   0.31 0.25 Loans held-for-sale 128   238   — 53   — —   — — Total consumer, excluding credit card loans 372,681   364,644   4,209 4,820   1,145 909   0.31 0.25 Lending-related commitments (g) 48,553   53,247 (j)                   Receivables from customers (h) 133   120                   Total consumer exposure, excluding credit card 421,367   418,011 (j)                   Credit Card                         Loans retained (i) 149,387   141,711   — —   4,123 3,442   2.95 2.63 Loans held-for-sale 124   105   — —   — —   — — Total credit card loans 149,511   141,816   — —   4,123 3,442   2.95 2.63 Lending-related commitments (g) 572,831   553,891                   Total credit card exposure 722,342   695,707                   Total consumer credit portfolio $ 1,143,709   $ 1,113,718 (j)   $ 4,209 $ 4,820   $ 5,268 $ 4,351   1.04 % 0.89 % Memo: Total consumer credit portfolio, excluding PCI $ 1,113,133   $ 1,078,039 (j)   $ 4,209 $ 4,820   $ 5,268 $ 4,351   1.11 % 0.96 % (a) Certain loan portfolios have been reclassified. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.  (b) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , excluded operating lease assets of  $17.1 billion  and  $13.2 billion , respectively. These operating lease assets are included in other assets on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. The risk of loss on these assets relates to the residual value of the leased vehicles, which is managed through projection of the lease residual value at lease origination, periodic review of residual values, and through arrangements with certain auto manufacturers that mitigates this risk. (c) Includes certain business banking and auto dealer risk-rated loans that apply the wholesale methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses; these loans are managed by CCB, and therefore, for consistency in presentation, are included within the consumer portfolio.  (d) Predominantly includes Business Banking loans. (e) For the year ended  December 31, 2017 , excluding net charge-offs of $467 million related to the student loan portfolio sale, the net charge-off rate for Total consumer, excluding credit card and PCI loans and loans held-for-sale would have been 0.20%; Total consumer - retained excluding credit card loans would have been 0.18%; Total consumer credit portfolio would have been 0.95%; and Total consumer credit portfolio, excluding PCI loans would have been 1.01%. (f) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , approximately  68%  and  66% , respectively, of the PCI option adjustable rate mortgages (“ARMs”) portfolio has been modified into fixed-rate, fully amortizing loans. (g) Credit card and home equity lending-related commitments represent the total available lines of credit for these products. The Firm has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit would be used at the same time. For credit card and home equity commitments (if certain conditions are met), the Firm can reduce or cancel these lines of credit by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice. For further information, see Note  27 . (h) Receivables from customers represent held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage customers that are collateralized through assets maintained in the clients’ brokerage accounts. These receivables are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets. (i) Includes billed interest and fees net of an allowance for uncollectible interest and fees. (j) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (k) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , nonaccrual loans excluded loans 90 or more days past due as follows: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $4.3 billion  and  $5.0 billion , respectively; and (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of zero and  $263 million , respectively. These amounts have been excluded from nonaccrual loans based upon the government guarantee. In addition, the Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status, as permitted by regulatory guidance issued by the FFIEC. (l) Excludes PCI loans. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of PCI loans as each of the pools is performing. (m) Net charge-offs and net charge-off rates excluded write-offs in the PCI portfolio of  $86 million  and  $156 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . These write-offs decreased the allowance for loan losses for PCI loans. See Allowance for Credit Losses on  pages 117–119  for further details. (n) Average consumer loans held-for-sale were  $1.5 billion  and  $496 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. These amounts were excluded when calculating net charge-off rates. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   103 Management’s discussion and analysis Consumer, excluding credit card Portfolio analysis Consumer loan balances increased from  December 31, 2016  predominantly due to originations of high-quality prime mortgage loans that have been retained on the balance sheet, partially offset by the sale of the student loan portfolio as well as paydowns and the charge-off or liquidation of delinquent loans.  PCI loans are excluded from the following discussions of individual loan products and are addressed separately below. For further information about the Firm’s consumer portfolio, including information about delinquencies, loan modifications and other credit quality indicators, see  Note  12 . Residential mortgage:  The residential mortgage portfolio predominantly consists of high-quality prime mortgage loans with a small component (approximately 1%) of subprime mortgage loans. These subprime mortgage loans continue to run-off and are performing in line with expectations. The residential mortgage portfolio, including loans held-for-sale, increased from  December 31, 2016  due to retained originations of primarily high-quality fixed rate prime mortgage loans partially offset by paydowns. Residential mortgage 30+ day delinquencies increased from  December 31, 2016  due to the impact of recent hurricanes. Nonaccrual loans decreased from the prior year primarily as a result of loss mitigation activities. There was a net recovery for the year ended  December 31, 2017  compared to a net charge-off for the year ended  December 31, 2016 , reflecting continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm’s residential mortgage portfolio, including loans held-for-sale, included  $8.6 billion  and  $9.5 billion , respectively, of mortgage loans insured and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, of which  $6.2 billion  and  $7.0 billion , respectively, were 30 days or more past due (of these past due loans,  $4.3 billion  and  $5.0 billion , respectively, were 90 days or more past due). The Firm monitors its exposure to certain potential unrecoverable claim payments related to government insured loans and considers this exposure in estimating the allowance for loan losses.    At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm’s residential mortgage portfolio included  $20.2 billion  and  $19.1 billion , respectively, of interest-only loans. These loans have an interest-only payment period generally followed by an adjustable-rate or fixed-rate fully amortizing payment period to maturity and are typically originated as higher-balance loans to higher-income borrowers. To date, losses on this portfolio generally have been consistent with the broader residential mortgage portfolio. The Firm continues to monitor the risks associated with these loans. Home equity:  The home equity portfolio declined from  December 31, 2016  primarily reflecting loan paydowns. The amount of 30+ day delinquencies decreased from  December 31, 2016  but was impacted by recent hurricanes. Nonaccrual loans decreased from  December 31, 2016  primarily as a result of loss mitigation activities. Net charge-offs for the year ended  December 31, 2017  declined when compared with the prior year, partially as a result of lower loan balances. At  December 31, 2017 , approximately  90%  of the Firm’s home equity portfolio consists of home equity lines of credit (“HELOCs”) and the remainder consists of home equity loans (“HELOANs”). HELOANs are generally fixed-rate, closed-end, amortizing loans, with terms ranging from 3–30 years. In general, HELOCs originated by the Firm are revolving loans for a 10-year period, after which time the HELOC recasts into a loan with a 20-year amortization period.  The carrying value of HELOCs outstanding was  $30 billion  at  December 31, 2017 . Of such amounts,  $14 billion  have recast from interest-only to fully amortizing payments or have been modified and  $5 billion  are interest-only balloon HELOCs, which primarily mature after 2030. The Firm manages the risk of HELOCs during their revolving period by closing or reducing the undrawn line to the extent permitted by law when borrowers are exhibiting a material deterioration in their credit risk profile.  104   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The Firm monitors risks associated with junior lien loans where the borrower has a senior lien loan that is more than 90 days delinquent or has been modified. These loans are considered “high-risk seconds” and are classified as nonaccrual as they are considered to pose a higher risk of default than other junior lien loans. At  December 31, 2017 , the Firm estimated that the carrying value of its home equity portfolio contained approximately  $725 million  of current junior lien loans that were considered high-risk seconds, compared with  $1.1 billion  at  December 31, 2016 . For further information, see Note  12 . Auto:  The auto loan portfolio, which predominantly consists of prime-quality loans, was relatively flat compared with  December 31, 2016 , as new originations were largely offset by paydowns and the charge-off or liquidation of delinquent loans. Nonaccrual loans decreased compared with  December 31, 2016 . Net charge-offs for the year ended  December 31, 2017  increased compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of an incremental adjustment recorded in accordance with regulatory guidance regarding the timing of loss recognition for certain loans in bankruptcy and loans where assets were acquired in loan satisfaction.    Consumer & Business banking:  Consumer & Business Banking loans increased compared with  December 31, 2016  as growth due to loan originations was partially offset by paydowns and the charge-off or liquidation of delinquent loans. Nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs were relatively flat compared with prior year. Student:  The Firm wrote down and subsequently sold the student loan portfolio during 2017. Net charge-offs for the year ended  December 31, 2017  increased as a result of the write-down. Purchased credit-impaired loans:  PCI loans decreased as the portfolio continues to run off. As of  December 31, 2017 , approximately  11%  of the option ARM PCI loans were delinquent and approximately  68%  of the portfolio had been modified into fixed-rate, fully amortizing loans. The borrowers for substantially all of the remaining loans are making amortizing payments, although such payments are not necessarily fully amortizing. This latter group of loans is subject to the risk of payment shock due to future payment recast. Default rates generally increase on option ARM loans when payment recast results in a payment increase. The expected increase in default rates is considered in the Firm’s quarterly impairment assessment. The following table provides a summary of lifetime principal loss estimates included in either the nonaccretable difference or the allowance for loan losses. Summary of PCI loans lifetime principal loss estimates   Lifetime loss estimates (a)   Life-to-date liquidation losses (b) December 31, (in billions) 2017   2016   2017   2016 Home equity $ 14.2   $ 14.4   $ 12.9   $ 12.8 Prime mortgage 4.0   4.0   3.8   3.7 Subprime mortgage 3.3   3.2   3.1   3.1 Option ARMs 10.0   10.0   9.7   9.7 Total $ 31.5   $ 31.6   $ 29.5   $ 29.3 (a) Includes the original nonaccretable difference established in purchase accounting of  $30.5 billion  for principal losses plus additional principal losses recognized subsequent to acquisition through the provision and allowance for loan losses. The remaining nonaccretable difference for principal losses was  $842 million  and  $1.1 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. (b) Represents both realization of loss upon loan resolution and any principal forgiven upon modification. For further information on the Firm’s PCI loans, including write-offs, see Note  12 . Geographic composition of residential real estate loans At  December 31, 2017 ,  $152.8 billion , or  63%  of the total retained residential real estate loan portfolio, excluding mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies and PCI loans, were concentrated in California, New York, Illinois, Texas and Florida, compared with  $139.9 billion , or  63% , at  December 31, 2016 . For additional information on the geographic composition of the Firm’s residential real estate loans, see Note  12 . Current estimated loan-to-values of residential real estate loans Average current estimated loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratios have declined consistent with improvements in home prices, customer pay downs, and charge-offs or liquidations of higher LTV loans. For further information on current estimated LTVs of residential real estate loans, see Note  12 .   Loan modification activities for residential real estate loans The performance of modified loans generally differs by product type due to differences in both the credit quality and the types of modifications provided. Performance metrics for modifications to the residential real estate portfolio, excluding PCI loans, that have been seasoned more than six months show weighted-average redefault rates of  24%  for residential mortgages and  21%  for home equity. The cumulative performance metrics for modifications to the PCI residential real estate portfolio that have been seasoned more than six months show weighted average redefault rates of  20%  for home equity,  19%  for prime mortgages,  16%  for option ARMs and  34%  for subprime mortgages. The cumulative redefault rates reflect the performance of modifications completed under both the U.S. Government’s Home Affordable Modification Program (“HAMP”) and the Firm’s proprietary modification programs  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   105 Management’s discussion and analysis (primarily the Firm’s modification program that was modeled after HAMP) from October 1, 2009, through  December 31, 2017 . Certain loans that were modified under HAMP and the Firm’s proprietary modification programs have interest rate reset provisions (“step-rate modifications”). Interest rates on these loans generally began to increase commencing in 2014 by 1% per year, and will continue to do so until the rate reaches a specified cap. The cap on these loans is typically at a prevailing market interest rate for a fixed-rate mortgage loan as of the modification date. At  December 31, 2017 , the carrying value of non-PCI loans and the unpaid principal balance of PCI loans modified in step-rate modifications, which have not yet met their specified caps, were  $3 billion  and  $7 billion , respectively. The Firm continues to monitor this risk exposure and the impact of these potential interest rate increases is considered in the Firm’s allowance for loan losses. The following table presents information as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , relating to modified retained residential real estate loans for which concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. For further information on modifications for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , see Note  12 . Modified residential real estate loans   2017 2016 December 31, (in millions) Retained loans Nonaccrual retained loans (d) Retained loans Nonaccrual retained  loans (d) Modified residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans (a)(b)         Residential mortgage 5,620 1,743 6,032 1,755 Home equity $ 2,118 $ 1,032 $ 2,264 $ 1,116 Total modified residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans $ 7,738 $ 2,775 $ 8,296 $ 2,871 Modified PCI loans (c)         Home equity $ 2,277 NA $ 2,447 NA Prime mortgage 4,490 NA 5,052 NA Subprime mortgage 2,678 NA 2,951 NA Option ARMs 8,276 NA 9,295 NA Total modified PCI loans $ 17,721 NA $ 19,745 NA (a) Amounts represent the carrying value of modified residential real estate loans. (b) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  $3.8 billion  and  $3.4 billion , respectively, of loans modified subsequent to repurchase from Ginnie Mae in accordance with the standards of the appropriate government agency (i.e., Federal Housing Administration (“FHA”), U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”), Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“RHS”)) are not included in the table above. When such loans perform subsequent to modification in accordance with Ginnie Mae guidelines, they are generally sold back into Ginnie Mae loan pools. Modified loans that do not re-perform become subject to foreclosure. For additional information about sales of loans in securitization transactions with Ginnie Mae, see Note  14 . (c) Amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of modified PCI loans. (d) As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , nonaccrual loans included  $2.2 billion  and  $2.3 billion , respectively, of troubled debt restructuring (“TDRs”) for which the borrowers were less than 90 days past due. For additional information about loans modified in a TDR that are on nonaccrual status, see Note  12 .   Nonperforming assets The following table presents information as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , about consumer, excluding credit card, nonperforming assets. Nonperforming assets (a)       December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016 Nonaccrual loans (b)       Residential real estate (c) $ 3,785   $ 4,154 Other consumer (c) 424   666 Total nonaccrual loans 4,209   4,820 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions       Real estate owned 225   292 Other 40   57 Total assets acquired in loan satisfactions 265   349 Total nonperforming assets $ 4,474   $ 5,169 (a) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , nonperforming assets excluded: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $4.3 billion  and  $5.0 billion , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of zero and  $263 million , respectively, that are 90 or more days past due; and (3) real estate owned insured by U.S. government agencies of  $95 million  and  $142 million , respectively. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee.  (b) Excludes PCI loans which are accounted for on a pool basis. Since each pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows, the past-due status of the pools, or that of individual loans within the pools, is not meaningful. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of loans as each of the pools is performing. (c) Certain loan portfolios have been reclassified. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Nonaccrual loans in the residential real estate portfolio at   December 31, 2017   decreased to   $3.8 billion   from   $4.2 billion   at   December 31, 2016 , of which   26%   and   29%   were  greater than 150 days past due, respectively. In the aggregate, the unpaid principal balance of residential real estate loans greater than 150 days past due was charged down by approximately  40%  and  43%  to the estimated net realizable value of the collateral at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively.  Active and suspended foreclosure:  For information on loans that were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure, see Note  12 . Nonaccrual loans:  The following table presents changes in the consumer, excluding credit card, nonaccrual loans for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.  Nonaccrual loan activity     Year ended December 31,       (in millions)   2017 2016 Beginning balance   $ 4,820 $ 5,413 Additions   3,525 3,858 Reductions:       Principal payments and other (a)   1,577 1,437 Charge-offs   699 843 Returned to performing status   1,509 1,589 Foreclosures and other liquidations   351 582 Total reductions   4,136 4,451 Net changes   (611 ) (593 ) Ending balance   $ 4,209 $ 4,820 (a) Other reductions includes loan sales. 106   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Credit card Total credit card loans increased from  December 31, 2016  due to strong new account growth and higher sales volume. The December 31, 2017 30+ day delinquency rate increased to 1.80% from 1.61% at December 31, 2016, while the December 31, 2017 90+ day delinquency rate increased to 0.92% from 0.81% at December 31, 2016, in line with expectations. Net charge-offs increased for the year ended  December 31, 2017  primarily due to growth in newer vintages which, as anticipated, have higher loss rates than the more seasoned portion of the portfolio. The credit card portfolio continues to reflect a largely well-seasoned portfolio that has strong U.S. geographic diversification.  Loans outstanding in the top five states of California, Texas, New York, Florida and Illinois consisted of  $67.2 billion  in receivables, or  45%  of the retained loan portfolio, at  December 31, 2017 , compared with  $62.8 billion , or  44% , at  December 31, 2016 . For more information on the geographic and FICO composition of the Firm’s credit card loans, see Note  12 . Modifications of credit card loans At both  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm had  $1.2 billion  of credit card loans outstanding that have been modified in TDRs. These balances included both credit card loans with modified payment terms and credit card loans that reverted back to their pre-modification payment terms because the cardholder did not comply with the modified payment terms.  Consistent with the Firm’s policy, all credit card loans typically remain on accrual status until charged off. However, the Firm establishes an allowance, which is offset against loans and charged to interest income, for the estimated uncollectible portion of accrued and billed interest and fee income. For additional information about loan modification programs to borrowers, see Note  12 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   107 Management’s discussion and analysis WHOLESALE CREDIT PORTFOLIO  In its wholesale businesses, the Firm is exposed to credit risk through its underwriting, lending, market-making, and hedging activities with and for clients and counterparties, as well as through its operating services activities (such as cash management and clearing activities), securities financing activities, investment securities portfolio, and cash placed with banks. A portion of the loans originated or acquired by the Firm’s wholesale businesses is generally retained on the balance sheet. The Firm distributes a significant percentage of the loans it originates into the market as part of its syndicated loan business and to manage portfolio concentrations and credit risk. The wholesale credit portfolio was stable for the year ended  December 31, 2017 , characterized by low levels of criticized exposure, nonaccrual loans and charge-offs. See industry discussion on  pages 109–112  for further information. The increase in retained loans was driven by new originations in CB and higher loans to Private Banking clients in AWM, which was partially offset by paydowns in CIB. Discipline in underwriting across all areas of lending continues to be a key point of focus. The wholesale portfolio is actively managed, in part by conducting ongoing, in-depth reviews of client credit quality and transaction structure inclusive of collateral where applicable, and of industry, product and client concentrations.   In the following tables, the Firm’s wholesale credit portfolio includes exposure held in CIB, CB, AWM and Corporate, and excludes all exposure managed by CCB. Wholesale credit portfolio December 31, (in millions) Credit exposure   Nonperforming (c) 2017 2016   2017 2016 Loans retained $ 402,898 $ 383,790   $ 1,734 $ 1,954 Loans held-for-sale 3,099 2,285   — 109 Loans at fair value 2,508 2,230   — — Loans – reported 408,505 388,305   1,734 2,063 Derivative receivables 56,523 64,078   130 223 Receivables from customers and other (a) 26,139 17,440   — — Total wholesale credit-related assets 491,167 469,823   1,864 2,286 Lending-related commitments 370,098 368,014   731 506 Total wholesale credit exposure $ 861,265 $ 837,837   $ 2,595 $ 2,792 Credit derivatives used  in credit portfolio management activities (b) $ (17,609 ) $ (22,114 )   $ — $ — Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives (16,108 ) (22,705 )   NA NA (a) Receivables from customers and other include  $26.0 billion  and  $17.3 billion  of held-for-investment margin loans at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, to brokerage customers in CIB Prime Services and in AWM; these are classified in accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. (b) Represents the net notional amount of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives used to manage both performing and nonperforming wholesale credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. For additional information, see Credit derivatives on  pages 115–116 , and Note  5 . (c) Excludes assets acquired in loan satisfactions. 108   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following tables present the maturity and ratings profiles of the wholesale credit portfolio as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal risk ratings, which generally correspond to the ratings assigned by S&P and Moody’s. For additional information on wholesale loan portfolio risk ratings, see Note  12 . Wholesale credit exposure – maturity and ratings profile                 Maturity profile (d)   Ratings profile       Due in 1 year or less Due after  1 year through  5 years Due after 5 years Total   Investment-grade   Noninvestment-grade   Total Total %  of IG December 31, 2017 (in millions, except ratios)   AAA/Aaa to BBB-/Baa3   BB+/Ba1 & below   Loans retained $ 121,643 $ 177,033 $ 104,222 $ 402,898   $ 311,681   $ 91,217   $ 402,898 77 % Derivative receivables       56,523           56,523   Less:  Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       (16,108 )           (16,108 )   Total derivative receivables, net of all collateral 9,882 10,463 20,070 40,415   32,373   8,042   40,415 80 Lending-related commitments 80,273 275,317 14,508 370,098   274,127   95,971   370,098 74 Subtotal 211,798 462,813 138,800 813,411   618,181   195,230   813,411 76 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (a)       5,607           5,607   Receivables from customers and other       26,139           26,139   Total exposure – net of liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       $ 845,157           $ 845,157   Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities (b)(c) $ (1,807 ) $ (11,011 ) $ (4,791 ) $ (17,609 )   $ (14,984 )   $ (2,625 )   $ (17,609 ) 85 %   Maturity profile (d)   Ratings profile   Due in 1 year or less Due after  1 year through  5 years Due after 5 years Total   Investment-grade   Noninvestment-grade   Total Total %  of IG December 31, 2016 (in millions, except ratios)   AAA/Aaa to BBB-/Baa3   BB+/Ba1 & below   Loans retained $ 117,238 $ 167,235 $ 99,317 $ 383,790   $ 289,923   $ 93,867   $ 383,790 76 % Derivative receivables       64,078           64,078   Less:  Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       (22,705 )           (22,705 )   Total derivative receivables, net of all collateral 14,019 8,510 18,844 41,373   33,081   8,292   41,373 80 Lending-related commitments 88,399 271,825 7,790 368,014   269,820   98,194   368,014 73 Subtotal 219,656 447,570 125,951 793,177   592,824   200,353   793,177 75 Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value (a)       4,515           4,515   Receivables from customers and other       17,440           17,440   Total exposure – net of liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivatives       $ 815,132           $ 815,132   Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities  (b)(c) $ (1,354 ) $ (16,537 ) $ (4,223 ) $ (22,114 )   $ (18,710 )   $ (3,404 )   $ (22,114 ) 85 % (a) Represents loans held-for-sale, primarily related to syndicated loans and loans transferred from the retained portfolio, and loans at fair value. (b) These derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. (c) The notional amounts are presented on a net basis by underlying reference entity and the ratings profile shown is based on the ratings of the reference entity on which protection has been purchased. Predominantly all of the credit derivatives entered into by the Firm where it has purchased protection used in credit portfolio management activities, are executed with investment-grade counterparties. (d) The maturity profile of retained loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables is based on remaining contractual maturity. Derivative contracts that are in a receivable position at  December 31, 2017 , may become payable prior to maturity based on their cash flow profile or changes in market conditions. Wholesale credit exposure – industry exposures The Firm focuses on the management and diversification of its industry exposures, and pays particular attention to industries with actual or potential credit concerns. Exposures deemed criticized align with the U.S. banking regulators’ definition of criticized exposures, which consist    of the special mention, substandard and doubtful categories. The total criticized component of the portfolio, excluding loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value, was  $15.6 billion  at  December 31, 2017 , compared with  $19.8 billion  at  December 31, 2016 , driven by a 47% decrease in the Oil & Gas portfolio. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   109 Management’s discussion and analysis In 2017, the Firm revised its methodology for the assignment of industry classifications, to better monitor and manage concentrations. This largely resulted in the re-assignment of holding companies from All other to the industry of risk category based on the primary business activity of the holding company’s underlying entities. In the tables and industry discussions below, the prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Below are summaries of the Firm’s exposures as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . For additional information on industry concentrations, see Note  4 . Wholesale credit exposure – industries (a)               Selected metrics             30 days or more past due and accruing loans Net charge-offs/ (recoveries) Credit derivative hedges (f) Liquid securities  and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables       Noninvestment-grade   Credit exposure (e) Investment-  grade Noncriticized Criticized performing Criticized  nonperforming As of or for the year ended  December 31, 2017 (in millions) Real Estate $ 139,409 $ 115,401 $ 23,012 $ 859 $ 137 $ 254 $ (4 ) $ — $ (2 ) Consumer & Retail 87,679 55,737 29,619 1,791 532 30 34 (275 ) (9 ) Technology, Media &    Telecommunications 59,274 36,510 20,453 2,258 53 14 (12 ) (910 ) (19 ) Healthcare 55,997 42,643 12,731 585 38 82 (1 ) — (207 ) Industrials 55,272 37,198 16,770 1,159 145 150 (1 ) (196 ) (21 ) Banks & Finance Cos 49,037 34,654 13,767 612 4 1 6 (1,216 ) (3,174 ) Oil & Gas 41,317 21,430 14,854 4,046 987 22 71 (747 ) (1 ) Asset Managers 32,531 28,029 4,484 4 14 27 — — (5,290 ) Utilities 29,317 24,486 4,383 227 221 — 11 (160 ) (56 ) State & Municipal Govt (b) 28,633 27,977 656 — — 12 5 (130 ) (524 ) Central Govt 19,182 18,741 376 65 — 4 — (10,095 ) (2,520 ) Chemicals & Plastics 15,945 11,107 4,764 74 — 4 — — — Transportation 15,797 9,870 5,302 527 98 9 14 (32 ) (131 ) Automotive 14,820 9,321 5,278 221 — 10 1 (284 ) — Metals & Mining 14,171 6,989 6,822 321 39 3 (13 ) (316 ) (1 ) Insurance 14,089 11,028 2,981 — 80 1 — (157 ) (2,195 ) Financial Markets Infrastructure 5,036 4,775 261 — — — — — (23 ) Securities Firms 4,113 2,559 1,553 1 — — — (274 ) (335 ) All other (c) 147,900 134,110 13,283 260 247 901 8 (2,817 ) (1,600 ) Subtotal $ 829,519 $ 632,565 $ 181,349 $ 13,010 $ 2,595 $ 1,524 $ 119 $ (17,609 ) $ (16,108 ) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 5,607                 Receivables from customers and other 26,139                 Total (d) $ 861,265                 110   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report                                 Selected metrics             30 days or more past due and accruing loans Net charge-offs/ (recoveries) Credit derivative hedges (f) Liquid securities  and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables (g)       Noninvestment-grade   Credit exposure (e) Investment-  grade Noncriticized Criticized performing Criticized  nonperforming As of or for the year ended  December 31, 2016 (in millions) Real Estate $ 134,287 $ 104,869 $ 28,281 $ 937 $ 200 $ 206 $ (7 ) $ (54 ) $ (11 ) Consumer & Retail 84,804 54,730 28,255 1,571 248 75 24 (424 ) (69 ) Technology, Media & Telecommunications 63,324 39,998 21,751 1,559 16 9 2 (589 ) (30 ) Healthcare 49,445 39,244 9,279 882 40 86 37 (286 ) (246 ) Industrials 55,733 36,710 17,854 1,033 136 128 3 (434 ) (40 ) Banks & Finance Cos 48,393 35,385 12,560 438 10 21 (2 ) (1,336 ) (7,337 ) Oil & Gas 40,367 18,629 12,274 8,069 1,395 31 233 (1,532 ) (18 ) Asset Managers 33,201 29,194 4,006 1 — 17 — — (5,737 ) Utilities 29,672 24,203 4,959 424 86 8 — (306 ) — State & Municipal Govt (b) 28,263 27,603 624 6 30 107 (1 ) (130 ) — Central Govt 20,408 20,123 276 9 — 4 — (11,691 ) (4,183 ) Chemicals & Plastics 15,043 10,405 4,452 156 30 3 — (35 ) (3 ) Transportation 19,096 12,178 6,421 444 53 9 10 (93 ) (188 ) Automotive 16,736 9,235 7,299 201 1 7 — (401 ) (14 ) Metals & Mining 13,419 5,523 6,744 1,133 19 — 36 (621 ) (62 ) Insurance 13,510 10,918 2,459 — 133 9 — (275 ) (2,538 ) Financial Markets Infrastructure 8,732 7,980 752 — — — — — (390 ) Securities Firms 4,211 1,812 2,399 — — — — (273 ) (491 ) All other (c) 137,238 124,661 11,988 303 286 598 6 (3,634 ) (1,348 ) Subtotal $ 815,882 $ 613,400 $ 182,633 $ 17,166 $ 2,683 $ 1,318 $ 341 $ (22,114 ) $ (22,705 ) Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 4,515                 Receivables from customers and other 17,440                 Total (d) $ 837,837                 (a) The industry rankings presented in the table as of  December 31, 2016 , are based on the industry rankings of the corresponding exposures at  December 31, 2017 , not actual rankings of such exposures at  December 31, 2016 . (b) In addition to the credit risk exposure to states and municipal governments (both U.S. and non-U.S.) at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , noted above, the Firm held:  $9.8 billion  and  $9.1 billion , respectively, of trading securities;  $32.3 billion  and  $31.6 billion , respectively, of AFS securities; and  $14.4 billion  and  $14.5 billion , respectively, of HTM securities, issued by U.S. state and municipal governments. For further information, see N ote  2  and Note  10 . (c) All other includes: individuals; SPEs; and private education and civic organizations, representing approximately 59%, 37% and 4%, respectively, at both  December 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016 . (d) Excludes cash placed with banks of  $421.0 billion  and  $380.2 billion , at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, which is predominantly placed with various central banks, primarily Federal Reserve Banks. (e) Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities held against derivative receivables or loans and liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables. (f) Represents the net notional amounts of protection purchased and sold through credit derivatives used to manage the credit exposures; these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. The All other category includes purchased credit protection on certain credit indices. (g) Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   111 Management’s discussion and analysis Presented below is additional detail on certain industries to which the Firm has exposure. Real Estate  Exposure to the Real Estate industry increased  $5.1 billion  during the year ended  December 31, 2017 , to $ 139.4 billion  predominantly driven by multifamily lending within CB. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the investment-grade percentage of the portfolio was 83%, up from 78% for the year ended December 31, 2016. For further information on Real Estate loans, see Note  12 .   December 31, 2017   (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments   Derivative Receivables   Credit exposure   % Investment-grade % Drawn (c) Multifamily (a) $ 84,635   $ 34   $ 84,669   89 %   92 %   Other 54,620   120   54,740   74   66   Total Real Estate Exposure (b) 139,255   154   139,409   83   82                           December 31, 2016   (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments   Derivative  Receivables   Credit exposure   % Investment- grade % Drawn (c) Multifamily (a) $ 80,280   $ 34   $ 80,314   82 %   90 %   Other 53,801   172   53,973   72   62   Total Real Estate Exposure (b) 134,081   207   134,287   78   79   (a) Multifamily exposure is largely in California. (b) Real Estate exposure is predominantly secured; unsecured exposure is largely investment-grade. (c) Represents drawn exposure as a percentage of credit exposure. Oil & Gas and Natural Gas Pipelines Exposure to the Oil & Gas and Natural Gas Pipeline portfolios increased by $1.1 billion during the year ended  December 31, 2017  to $45.9 billion. During the year ended  December 31, 2017 , the credit quality of this exposure continued to improve, with the investment-grade percentage increasing from 48% to 53% and criticized exposure decreasing by $4.5 billion.    December 31, 2017   (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments   Derivative Receivables   Credit exposure   % Investment-grade % Drawn (d) Exploration & Production (“E&P”) and Oilfield Services $ 20,558   $ 1,175   $ 21,733   34 %   33 %   Other Oil & Gas (a) 19,032   552   19,584   72   28   Total Oil & Gas 39,590   1,727   41,317   52   31   Natural Gas Pipelines (b) 4,507   38   4,545   66   14   Total Oil & Gas and Natural Gas Pipelines (c) $ 44,097   $ 1,765   $ 45,862   53   29                           December 31, 2016   (in millions, except ratios) Loans and Lending-related Commitments   Derivative  Receivables   Credit exposure   % Investment-grade % Drawn (d) E&P and Oilfield Services $ 20,971   $ 1,256   $ 22,227   27 %   35 %   Other Oil & Gas (a) 17,518   622   18,140   70   31   Total Oil & Gas 38,489   1,878   40,367   46   33   Natural Gas Pipelines (b) 4,253   106   4,359   66   30   Total Oil & Gas and Natural Gas Pipelines (c) $ 42,742   $ 1,984   $ 44,726   48   33   (a) Other Oil & Gas includes Integrated Oil & Gas companies, Midstream/Oil Pipeline companies and refineries. (b) Natural Gas Pipelines is reported within the Utilities Industry. (c) Secured lending is  $14.0 billion  and  $14.3 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016 , respectively, approximately half of which is reserve-based lending to the Exploration & Production sub-sector; unsecured exposure is largely investment-grade. (d) Represents drawn exposure as a percentage of credit exposure. 112   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Loans In the normal course of its wholesale business, the Firm provides loans to a variety of clients, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to high-net-worth individuals. For further discussion on loans, including information on credit quality indicators and sales of loans, see Note  12 . The following table presents the change in the nonaccrual loan portfolio for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 .  Wholesale nonaccrual loan activit y (a)     Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2017 2016 Beginning balance   $ 2,063 $ 1,016 Additions   1,482 2,981 Reductions:       Paydowns and other   1,137 1,148 Gross charge-offs   200 385 Returned to performing status   189 242 Sales   285 159 Total reductions   1,811 1,934 Net changes   (329 ) 1,047 Ending balance   $ 1,734 $ 2,063 (a)  Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when management believes full payment of principal or interest is not expected, regardless of delinquency status, or when principal or interest have been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection.   The following table presents net charge-offs/recoveries, which are defined as gross charge-offs less recoveries, for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . The amounts in the table below do not include gains or losses from sales of nonaccrual loans. Wholesale net charge-offs/(recoveries) Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2017 2016 Loans – reported     Average loans retained $ 392,263 $ 371,778 Gross charge-offs 212 398 Gross recoveries (93 ) (57 ) Net charge-offs 119 341 Net charge-off rate 0.03 % 0.09 % Lending-related commitments The Firm uses lending-related financial instruments, such as commitments (including revolving credit facilities) and guarantees, to meet the financing needs of its clients. The contractual amounts of these financial instruments represent the maximum possible credit risk should the counterparties draw down on these commitments or the Firm fulfill its obligations under these guarantees, and the counterparties subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of these contracts. Most of these commitments and guarantees are refinanced, extended, cancelled, or expire without being drawn upon or a default occurring. In the Firm’s view, the total contractual amount of these wholesale lending-related commitments is not representative of the Firm’s expected future credit exposure or funding requirements. For further information on wholesale lending-related commitments, see Note  27 . Clearing services The Firm provides clearing services for clients entering into securities and derivative transactions. Through the provision of these services the Firm is exposed to the risk of non-performance by its clients and may be required to share in losses incurred by central counterparties. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its credit risk to its clients through the collection of adequate margin at inception and throughout the life of the transactions and can also cease provision of clearing services if clients do not adhere to their obligations under the clearing agreement. For further discussion of clearing services, see Note  27 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   113 Management’s discussion and analysis Derivative contracts In the normal course of business, the Firm uses derivative instruments predominantly for market-making activities. Derivatives enable counterparties to manage exposures to fluctuations in interest rates, currencies and other markets. The Firm also uses derivative instruments to manage its own credit and other market risk exposure. The nature of the counterparty and the settlement mechanism of the derivative affect the credit risk to which the Firm is exposed. For OTC derivatives the Firm is exposed to the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. For exchange-traded derivatives (“ETD”), such as futures and options, and “cleared” over-the-counter (“OTC-cleared”) derivatives, the Firm is generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant CCP. Where possible, the Firm seeks to mitigate its credit risk exposures arising from derivative transactions through the use of legally enforceable master netting arrangements and collateral agreements. For further discussion of derivative contracts, counterparties and settlement types, see Note  5 . The following table summarizes the net derivative receivables for the periods presented. Derivative receivables     December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Interest rate $ 24,673 $ 28,302 Credit derivatives 869 1,294 Foreign exchange 16,151 23,271 Equity 7,882 4,939 Commodity 6,948 6,272 Total, net of cash collateral 56,523 64,078 Liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables (a) (16,108 ) (22,705 ) Total, net of all collateral $ 40,415 $ 41,373 (a) Includes collateral related to derivative instruments where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained.  Derivative receivables reported on the Consolidated balance sheets were  $56.5 billion  and  $64.1 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. Derivative receivables decreased predominantly as a result of client-driven market-making activities in CIB Markets, which reduced foreign exchange and interest rate derivative receivables, and increased equity derivative receivables, driven by market movements. Derivative receivables amounts represent the fair value of the derivative contracts after giving effect to legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held by the Firm. However, in management’s view, the appropriate measure of current credit risk should also take into consideration additional liquid securities (primarily U.S. government and agency securities and other group of seven nations (“G7”) government bonds) and other cash collateral held by the Firm aggregating  $16.1 billion  and  $22.7 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, that may be used as security when the fair value of the client’s exposure is in the Firm’s favor.    In addition to the collateral described in the preceding paragraph, the Firm also holds additional collateral (primarily cash, G7 government securities, other liquid government-agency and guaranteed securities, and corporate debt and equity securities) delivered by clients at the initiation of transactions, as well as collateral related to contracts that have a non-daily call frequency and collateral that the Firm has agreed to return but has not yet settled as of the reporting date. Although this collateral does not reduce the balances and is not included in the table above, it is available as security against potential exposure that could arise should the fair value of the client’s derivative transactions move in the Firm’s favor. The derivative receivables fair value, net of all collateral, also does not include other credit enhancements, such as letters of credit. For additional information on the Firm’s use of collateral agreements, see Note  5 . While useful as a current view of credit exposure, the net fair value of the derivative receivables does not capture the potential future variability of that credit exposure. To capture the potential future variability of credit exposure, the Firm calculates, on a client-by-client basis, three measures of potential derivatives-related credit loss: Peak, Derivative Risk Equivalent (“DRE”), and Average exposure (“AVG”). These measures all incorporate netting and collateral benefits, where applicable. Peak represents a conservative measure of potential exposure to a counterparty calculated in a manner that is broadly equivalent to a 97.5% confidence level over the life of the transaction. Peak is the primary measure used by the Firm for setting of credit limits for derivative transactions, senior management reporting and derivatives exposure management. DRE exposure is a measure that expresses the risk of derivative exposure on a basis intended to be equivalent to the risk of loan exposures. DRE is a less extreme measure of potential credit loss than Peak and is used for aggregating derivative credit risk exposures with loans and other credit risk. Finally, AVG is a measure of the expected fair value of the Firm’s derivative receivables at future time periods, including the benefit of collateral. AVG exposure over the total life of the derivative contract is used as the primary metric for pricing purposes and is used to calculate credit risk capital and the CVA, as further described below. The three year AVG exposure was  $29.0 billion  and  $31.1 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, compared with derivative receivables, net of all collateral, of  $40.4 billion  and  $41.4 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The fair value of the Firm’s derivative receivables incorporates CVA to reflect the credit quality of counterparties. CVA is based on the Firm’s AVG to a counterparty and the counterparty’s credit spread in the credit derivatives market. The Firm believes that active risk management is essential to controlling the dynamic credit risk in the derivatives portfolio. In addition, the Firm’s risk management process takes into consideration the potential  114   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report impact of wrong-way risk, which is broadly defined as the potential for increased correlation between the Firm’s exposure to a counterparty (AVG) and the counterparty’s credit quality. Many factors may influence the nature and magnitude of these correlations over time. To the extent that these correlations are identified, the Firm may adjust the CVA associated with that counterparty’s AVG. The Firm risk manages exposure to changes in CVA by entering into credit derivative transactions, as well as interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and commodity derivative transactions.   The accompanying graph shows exposure profiles to the Firm’s current derivatives portfolio over the next 10 years as calculated by the Peak, DRE and AVG metrics. The three measures generally show that exposure will decline after the first year, if no new trades are added to the portfolio. Exposure profile of derivatives measures December 31, 2017 (in billions) The following table summarizes the ratings profile by derivative counterparty of the Firm’s derivative receivables, including credit derivatives, net of all collateral, at the dates indicated. The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal ratings, which generally correspond to the ratings as assigned by S&P and Moody’s. Ratings profile of derivative receivables           Rating equivalent 2017   2016 December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Exposure net of all collateral % of exposure net  of all collateral   Exposure net of all collateral % of exposure net  of all collateral AAA/Aaa to AA-/Aa3 $ 11,529 29 %   $ 11,449 28 % A+/A1 to A-/A3 6,919 17   8,505 20 BBB+/Baa1 to BBB-/Baa3 13,925 34   13,127 32 BB+/Ba1 to B-/B3 7,397 18   7,308 18 CCC+/Caa1 and below 645 2   984 2 Total $ 40,415 100 %   $ 41,373 100 % As previously noted, the Firm uses collateral agreements to mitigate counterparty credit risk. The percentage of the Firm’s over-the-counter derivatives transactions subject to collateral agreements — excluding foreign exchange spot trades, which are not typically covered by collateral agreements due to their short maturity and centrally cleared trades that are settled daily — was approximately 90% as of  December 31, 2017 , largely unchanged compared with  December 31, 2016 . Credit derivatives The Firm uses credit derivatives for two primary purposes: first, in its capacity as a market-maker, and second, as an end-user to manage the Firm’s own credit risk associated with various exposures. For a detailed description of credit derivatives, see Credit derivatives in Note  5 .   Credit portfolio management activities Included in the Firm’s end-user activities are credit derivatives used to mitigate the credit risk associated with traditional lending activities (loans and unfunded commitments) and derivatives counterparty exposure in the Firm’s wholesale businesses (collectively, “credit portfolio management” activities). Information on credit portfolio management activities is provided in the table below. For further information on derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities, see Credit derivatives in Note  5 . The Firm also uses credit derivatives as an end-user to manage other exposures, including credit risk arising from certain securities held in the Firm’s market-making businesses. These credit derivatives are not included in credit portfolio management activities; for further information on these credit derivatives as well as credit derivatives used in the Firm’s capacity as a market-maker in credit derivatives, see Credit derivatives in Note  5 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   115 Management’s discussion and analysis Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities   Notional amount of protection  purchased  (a) December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Credit derivatives used to manage:       Loans and lending-related commitments $ 1,867   $ 2,430 Derivative receivables 15,742   19,684 Credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities $ 17,609   $ 22,114 (a) Amounts are presented net, considering the Firm’s net protection purchased or sold with respect to each underlying reference entity or index. The credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities do not qualify for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP; these derivatives are reported at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in principal transactions revenue. In contrast, the loans and lending-related commitments being risk-managed are accounted for on an accrual basis. This asymmetry in accounting treatment,    between loans and lending-related commitments and the credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities, causes earnings volatility that is not representative, in the Firm’s view, of the true changes in value of the Firm’s overall credit exposure. The effectiveness of credit default swaps (“CDS”) as a hedge against the Firm’s exposures may vary depending on a number of factors, including the named reference entity (i.e., the Firm may experience losses on specific exposures that are different than the named reference entities in the purchased CDS); the contractual terms of the CDS (which may have a defined credit event that does not align with an actual loss realized by the Firm); and the maturity of the Firm’s CDS protection (which in some cases may be shorter than the Firm’s exposures). However, the Firm generally seeks to purchase credit protection with a maturity date that is the same or similar to the maturity date of the exposure for which the protection was purchased, and remaining differences in maturity are actively monitored and managed by the Firm. 116   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES  JPMorgan Chase’s allowance for credit losses covers the retained consumer and wholesale loan portfolios, as well as the Firm’s wholesale and certain consumer lending-related commitments. For a further discussion of the components of the allowance for credit losses and related management judgments, see Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on  pages 138–140  and Note  13 . At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the CRO, the CFO and the Controller of the Firm, and discussed with the Board of Directors’ Risk Policy Committee (“DRPC”) and the Audit Committee. As of  December 31, 2017 ,  JPMorgan Chase  deemed the allowance for credit losses to be appropriate and sufficient to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio.   The allowance for credit losses decreased as of December 31, 2017, driven by:  • a net reduction in the wholesale allowance, reflecting credit quality improvements in the  Oil & Gas, Natural Gas Pipelines, and Metals & Mining portfolios (compared with additions to the allowance in the prior year  driven by downgrades in the same portfolios) largely offset by  • a net increase in the consumer allowance, reflecting – additions to the allowance for the credit card and business banking portfolios, driven by loan growth in both of these portfolios and higher loss rates in the credit card portfolio, largely offset by – a reduction in the allowance for the residential real estate portfolio, predominantly driven by continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, and – the utilization of the allowance in connection with the sale of the student loan portfolio. For additional information on the consumer and wholesale credit portfolios, see Consumer Credit Portfolio on  pages 102-107 , Wholesale Credit Portfolio on pages 108–116 and  Note 12. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   117 Management’s discussion and analysis Summary of changes in the allowance for credit losses             2017   2016 Year ended December 31, Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total (in millions, except ratios) Allowance for loan losses                   Beginning balance at January 1, $ 5,198 $ 4,034 $ 4,544 $ 13,776   $ 5,806 $ 3,434 $ 4,315 $ 13,555 Gross charge-offs 1,779 4,521 212 6,512   1,500 3,799 398 5,697 Gross recoveries (634 ) (398 ) (93 ) (1,125 )   (591 ) (357 ) (57 ) (1,005 ) Net charge-offs (a) 1,145 4,123 119 5,387   909 3,442 341 4,692 Write-offs of PCI loans (b) 86 — — 86   156 — — 156 Provision for loan losses 613 4,973 (286 ) 5,300   467 4,042 571 5,080 Other (1 ) — 2 1   (10 ) — (1 ) (11 ) Ending balance at December 31, $ 4,579 $ 4,884 $ 4,141 $ 13,604   $ 5,198 $ 4,034 $ 4,544 $ 13,776 Impairment methodology                   Asset-specific (c) $ 246 $ 383 $ 461 $ 1,090   $ 308 $ 358 $ 342 $ 1,008 Formula-based 2,108 4,501 3,680 10,289   2,579 3,676 4,202 10,457 PCI 2,225 — — 2,225   2,311 — — 2,311 Total allowance for loan losses $ 4,579 $ 4,884 $ 4,141 $ 13,604   $ 5,198 $ 4,034 $ 4,544 $ 13,776 Allowance for lending-related commitments                   Beginning balance at January 1, $ 26 $ — $ 1,052 $ 1,078   $ 14 $ — $ 772 $ 786 Provision for lending-related commitments 7 — (17 ) (10 )   — — 281 281 Other — — — —   12 — (1 ) 11 Ending balance at December 31, $ 33 $ — $ 1,035 $ 1,068   $ 26 $ — $ 1,052 $ 1,078 Impairment methodology                   Asset-specific $ — $ — $ 187 $ 187   $ — $ — $ 169 $ 169 Formula-based 33 — 848 881   26 — 883 909 Total allowance for lending-related commitments (d) $ 33 $ — $ 1,035 $ 1,068   $ 26 $ — $ 1,052 $ 1,078 Total allowance for credit losses $ 4,612 $ 4,884 $ 5,176 $ 14,672   $ 5,224 $ 4,034 $ 5,596 $ 14,854 Memo:                   Retained loans, end of period $ 372,553 $ 149,387 $ 402,898 $ 924,838   $ 364,406 $ 141,711 $ 383,790 $ 889,907 Retained loans, average 366,798 139,918 392,263 898,979   358,486 131,081 371,778 861,345 PCI loans, end of period 30,576 — 3 30,579   35,679 — 3 35,682 Credit ratios                   Allowance for loan losses to retained loans 1.23 % 3.27 % 1.03 % 1.47 %   1.43 % 2.85 % 1.18 % 1.55 % Allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual loans (e) 109 NM 239 229   109 NM 233 205 Allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual loans excluding credit card 109 NM 239 147   109 NM 233 145 Net charge-off rate (a) 0.31 2.95 0.03 0.60   0.25 2.63 0.09 0.54 Credit ratios, excluding residential real estate PCI loans                   Allowance for loan losses to  retained loans 0.69 3.27 1.03 1.27   0.88 2.85 1.18 1.34 Allowance for loan losses to retained  nonaccrual loans (e) 56 NM 239 191   61 NM 233 171 Allowance for loan losses to retained nonaccrual  loans excluding credit card 56 NM 239 109   61 NM 233 111 Net charge-off rate (a) 0.34 % 2.95 % 0.03 % 0.62 %   0.28 % 2.63 % 0.09 % 0.57 % Note: In the table above, the financial measures which exclude the impact of PCI loans are non-GAAP financial measures.  (a) For the year ended December 31, 2017, excluding net charge-offs of $467 million related to the student loan portfolio sale, the net charge-off rate for Consumer, excluding credit card would have been 0.18%; total Firm would have been 0.55%; Consumer, excluding credit card and PCI loans would have been 0.20%; and total Firm, excluding PCI would have been 0.57%. (b) Write-offs of PCI loans are recorded against the allowance for loan losses when actual losses for a pool exceed estimated losses that were recorded as purchase accounting adjustments at the time of acquisition. A write-off of a PCI loan is recognized when the underlying loan is removed from a pool (e.g., upon liquidation).  (c) Includes risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status and loans that have been modified in a TDR. The asset-specific credit card allowance for loan losses modified in a TDR is calculated based on the loans’ original contractual interest rates and does not consider any incremental penalty rates. (d) The allowance for lending-related commitments is reported in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. (e) The Firm’s policy is generally to exempt credit card loans from being placed on nonaccrual status as permitted by regulatory guidance. 118   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Provision for credit losses The following table presents the components of the Firm’s provision for credit losses: Year ended December 31, (in millions) Provision for loan losses   Provision for  lending-related commitments   Total provision for credit losses 2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Consumer, excluding credit card $ 613 $ 467 $ (82 )   $ 7 $ — $ 1   $ 620 $ 467 $ (81 ) Credit card 4,973 4,042 3,122   — — —   4,973 4,042 3,122 Total consumer 5,586 4,509 3,040   7 — 1   5,593 4,509 3,041 Wholesale (286 ) 571 623   (17 ) 281 163   (303 ) 852 786 Total $ 5,300 $ 5,080 $ 3,663   $ (10 ) $ 281 $ 164   $ 5,290 $ 5,361 $ 3,827 Provision for credit losses   The provision for credit losses decreased as of December 31, 2017 as a result of: • a net $422 million reduction in the wholesale allowance for credit losses, reflecting credit quality improvements in the Oil & Gas, Natural Gas Pipelines, and Metals & Mining portfolios, compared with an addition of $511 million in the prior year driven by downgrades in the same portfolios. The decrease was predominantly offset by • a higher consumer provision driven by – $450 million of higher net charge-offs, primarily in the credit card portfolio due to growth in newer vintages which, as anticipated, have higher loss rates than the more seasoned portion of the portfolio, partially offset by a decrease in net charge-offs in the residential real estate portfolio reflecting continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, – a $218 million impact in connection with the sale of the student loan portfolio, and – a $416 million higher addition to the allowance for credit losses. Current year additions to the consumer allowance included: ◦ an $850 million addition to the allowance for credit losses in the credit card portfolio, compared to a $600 million addition in the prior year, due to higher loss rates and loan growth in both years, and ◦ a $50 million addition to the allowance for credit losses in the business banking portfolio, driven by loan growth the additions were partially offset by ◦ a $316 million net reduction in the allowance for credit losses in the residential real estate portfolio, compared to a $517 million net reduction in the prior year, reflecting continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies in both years. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   119 Management’s discussion and analysis INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO RISK MANAGEMENT Investment portfolio risk is the risk associated with the loss of principal or a reduction in expected returns on investments arising from the investment securities portfolio held by Treasury and CIO in connection with the Firm’s balance sheet or asset-liability management objectives or from principal investments managed in various LOBs in predominantly privately-held financial assets and instruments. Investments are typically intended to be held over extended periods and, accordingly, the Firm has no expectation for short-term realized gains with respect to these investments. Investment securities risk  Investment securities risk includes the exposure associated with the default of principal plus coupon payments. This risk is minimized given that Treasury and CIO generally invest in high-quality securities. At December 31, 2017, the investment securities portfolio was $248.0 billion, and the average credit rating of the securities comprising the portfolio was AA+ (based upon external ratings where available and where not available, based primarily upon internal ratings that correspond to ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s). For further information on the investment securities portfolio, see Note  10  on pages 203-208. For further information on the market risk inherent in the portfolio, see Market Risk Management on  pages 121-128 . For further information on related liquidity risk, see Liquidity Risk on  pages 92–97 . Governance and oversight Investment securities risks are governed by the Firm’s Risk Appetite framework, and discussed at the CIO, Treasury and Corporate (CTC) Risk Committee with regular updates to the DRPC.  The Firm’s independent control functions are responsible for reviewing the appropriateness of the carrying value of investment securities in accordance with relevant policies. Approved levels for investment securities are established for each risk category, including capital and credit risks.   Principal investment risk  Principal investments are typically private non-traded financial instruments representing ownership or other forms of junior capital. Principal investments cover multiple asset classes and are made either in stand-alone investing businesses or as part of a broader business platform.  As of December 31, 2017, the carrying value of the principal investment portfolios  included tax-oriented investments (e.g., affordable housing and alternative energy investments)  of $14.0 billion and  private equity  and various debt and equity instruments of $5.5 billion.  Increasingly, new principal investment activity seeks to enhance or accelerate LOB strategic business initiatives.  The Firm’s principal investments are managed under various LOBs and are reflected within the respective LOB financial results.  Governance and oversight The Firm’s approach to managing principal risk is consistent with the Firm’s general risk governance structure. A Firmwide risk policy framework exists for all principal investing activities. All investments are approved by investment committees that include executives who are independent from the investing businesses. The Firm’s independent control functions   are responsible for reviewing the appropriateness of the carrying value of investments in accordance with relevant policies. Approved levels for investments are established for each relevant business in order to manage the overall size of the portfolios.  Industry, geographic and position level concentration limits have been set and are intended to ensure diversification of the portfolios. The Firm also conducts stress testing on these portfolios using specific scenarios that estimate losses based on significant market moves and/or other risk events. 120   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT Market risk  is  the risk associated with the effect of changes in market factors, such as interest and foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, credit spreads or implied volatilities, on the value of assets and liabilities held for both the short and long term.    Market Risk Management Market Risk Management monitors market risks throughout the Firm and defines market risk policies and procedures. The Market Risk Management function reports to the Firm’s CRO. Market Risk Management seeks to manage risk, facilitate efficient risk/return decisions, reduce volatility in operating performance and provide transparency into the Firm’s market risk profile for senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators. Market Risk Management is responsible for the following functions: • Establishment of a market risk policy framework • Independent measurement, monitoring and control of line of business and firmwide market risk • Definition, approval and monitoring of limits • Performance of stress testing and qualitative risk assessments Risk measurement Tools used to measure risk   There is no single measure to capture market risk and therefore the Firm uses various metrics, both statistical and nonstatistical, to assess risk including: • VaR  • Economic-value stress testing • Nonstatistical risk measures • Loss advisories • Profit and loss drawdowns • Earnings-at-risk  • Other sensitivities   Risk monitoring and control  Market risk exposure is managed primarily through a series of limits set in the context of the market environment and business strategy. In setting limits, the Firm takes into consideration factors such as market volatility, product liquidity and accommodation of client business, and management experience. The Firm maintains different levels of limits. Corporate level limits include VaR and stress limits. Similarly, line of business limits include VaR and stress limits and may be supplemented by loss advisories, nonstatistical measurements and profit and loss drawdowns. Limits may also be set within the lines of business, as well at the portfolio or legal entity level. Market Risk Management sets limits and regularly reviews and updates them as appropriate, with any changes approved by line of business management and Market Risk Management. Senior management, including the Firm’s CEO and CRO, are responsible for reviewing and approving certain of these risk limits on an ongoing basis. All limits that have not been reviewed within specified time periods by Market Risk Management are escalated to senior management. The lines of business are responsible for adhering to established limits against which exposures are monitored and reported. Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner to limit approvers, Market Risk Management and senior management. In the event of a breach, Market Risk Management consults with senior management of the Firm and the line of business senior management to determine the appropriate course of action required to return the applicable positions to compliance, which may include a reduction in risk in order to remedy the breach. Certain Firm or line of business-level limits that have been breached for three business days or longer, or by more than 30%, are escalated to senior management and the Firmwide Risk Committee. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   121 Management’s discussion and analysis The following table summarizes by line of business the predominant business activities that give rise to market risk, and certain market risk tools used to measure those risks. Risk identification and classification by line of business  Line of Business Predominant business activities and related market risks Positions included in Risk Management VaR Positions included in earnings-at-risk  Positions included in other sensitivity-based measures CCB •    Services mortgage loans which give rise to complex, non-linear interest rate and basis risk •    Non-linear risk arises primarily from prepayment options embedded in mortgages and changes in the probability of newly originated mortgage commitments actually closing  •    Basis risk results from differences in the relative movements of the rate indices underlying mortgage exposure and other interest rates • Originates loans and takes deposits •    Mortgage pipeline loans, classified as derivatives •    Warehouse loans, classified as trading assets – debt instruments •    MSRs •    Hedges of pipeline loans, warehouse loans and MSRs, classified as derivatives •    Interest-only securities, classified as trading assets - debt instruments, and related hedges, classified as derivatives • Retained loan portfolio • Deposits   CIB • Makes markets and services clients across fixed income, foreign exchange, equities and commodities • Market risk arises from changes in market prices (e.g., rates and credit spreads) resulting in a potential decline in net income • Originates loans and takes deposits •    Trading assets/liabilities – debt and marketable equity instruments, and derivatives, including hedges of the retained loan portfolio •    Certain securities purchased, loaned or sold under resale agreements and securities borrowed •    Fair value option elected liabilities • Derivative CVA and associated hedges • Retained loan portfolio • Deposits •    Private equity investments measured at fair value •    Derivatives FVA and fair value option elected liabilities DVA CB • Engages in traditional wholesale banking activities which include extensions of loans and credit facilities and taking deposits • Risk arises from changes in interest rates and prepayment risk with potential for adverse impact on net interest income and interest-rate sensitive fees   • Retained loan portfolio • Deposits   AWM •    Provides initial capital investments in products such as mutual funds, which give rise to market risk arising from changes in market prices in such products •    Originates loans and takes deposits •    Debt securities held in advance of distribution to clients, classified as trading assets - debt instruments • Retained loan portfolio • Deposits • Initial seed capital investments and related hedges, classified as derivatives • Capital invested alongside third-party investors, typically in privately distributed collective vehicles managed by AWM (i.e., co-investments) Corporate •    Manages the Firm’s liquidity, funding, structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks arising from activities undertaken by the Firm’s four major reportable business segments • Derivative positions measured at fair value through noninterest revenue in earnings • Marketable equity investments measured at fair value through noninterest revenue in earnings • Deposits with banks • Investment securities portfolio and related interest rate hedges • Long-term debt and related interest rate hedges •    Private equity investments measured at fair value •    Foreign exchange exposure related to Firm-issued non-USD long-term debt (“LTD”) and related hedges 122   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Value-at-risk JPMorgan Chase utilizes VaR,  a statistical risk measure ,  to estimate the potential loss from adverse market moves in a normal market environment. The Firm has a single VaR framework used as a basis for calculating   Risk Management VaR   and   Regulatory VaR . The framework is employed across the Firm using historical simulation based on data for the previous 12 months. The framework’s approach assumes that historical changes in market values are representative of the distribution of potential outcomes in the immediate future. The Firm believes the use of Risk Management VaR  provides a stable measure of VaR that is closely aligned to the day-to-day risk management decisions made by the lines of business, and provides the appropriate information needed to respond to risk events on a daily basis.   The Firm’s  Risk Management VaR is calculated assuming a one-day holding period and an expected tail-loss methodology which approximates a 95% confidence level.  Risk Management  VaR provides a consistent framework to measure risk profiles and levels of diversification across product types and is used for aggregating risks and monitoring limits across businesses. VaR results are reported to senior management, the Board of Directors and regulators.    Under the Firm’s Risk Management VaR methodology, assuming current changes in market values are consistent with the historical changes used in the simulation, the Firm would expect to incur VaR “back-testing exceptions,” defined as losses greater than that predicted by VaR estimates,  an  average of five times every 100 trading days.  The number of VaR back-testing exceptions observed can differ from the statistically expected number of back-testing exceptions if the current level of market volatility is materially different from the level of market volatility during the 12 months of historical data used in the VaR calculation. Underlying the overall VaR model framework are individual VaR models that simulate historical market returns for individual products and/or risk factors. To capture material market risks as part of the Firm’s risk management framework, comprehensive VaR model calculations are performed daily for businesses whose activities give rise to market risk. These VaR models are granular and incorporate numerous risk factors and inputs to simulate daily changes in market values over the historical period; inputs are selected based on the risk profile of each portfolio, as sensitivities and historical time series used to generate daily market values may be different across product types or risk management systems. The VaR model results across all portfolios are aggregated at the Firm level.   As  VaR is based on historical data, it is an imperfect measure of market risk exposure and potential losses, and it is not used to estimate the impact of stressed market conditions or to manage any impact from potential stress events .  In addition, based on their reliance on available historical data, limited time horizons, and other factors, VaR measures are inherently limited in their ability to measure certain risks and to predict losses, particularly those associated with market illiquidity and sudden or severe shifts in market conditions.   For certain products, specific risk parameters are not captured in VaR due to the lack of inherent liquidity and availability of appropriate historical data. The Firm uses proxies to estimate the VaR for these and other products when daily time series are not available. It is likely that using an actual price-based time series for these products, if available, would affect the VaR results presented.  The Firm therefore considers other measures such as stress testing and nonstatistical measures, in addition to VaR, to capture and manage its market risk positions.   The daily market data used in VaR models may be different than the independent third-party data collected for VCG price testing in its monthly valuation process. For example, in cases where market prices are not observable, or where proxies are used in VaR historical time series, the data sources may differ (see Valuation process in Note  2  for further information on the Firm’s valuation process). Because VaR model calculations require daily data and a consistent source for valuation, it may not be practical to use the data collected in the VCG monthly valuation process for VaR model calculations.  The Firm’s VaR model calculations are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s portfolios, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s modeling techniques and measurements, and other factors. Such changes may affect historical comparisons of VaR results. For information regarding model reviews and approvals, see Model Risk Management on  page 137 . The Firm calculates separately a daily aggregated VaR in accordance with regulatory rules (“Regulatory VaR”), which is used to derive the Firm’s regulatory VaR-based capital requirements under Basel III. This Regulatory VaR model framework currently assumes a ten business-day holding period and an expected tail loss methodology which approximates a 99% confidence level. Regulatory VaR is applied to “covered” positions as defined by Basel III, which may be different than the positions included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR. For example, credit derivative hedges of accrual loans are included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, while Regulatory VaR excludes these credit derivative hedges. In addition, in contrast to the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, Regulatory VaR currently excludes the diversification benefit for certain VaR models. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   123 Management’s discussion and analysis For additional information on Regulatory VaR and the other components of market risk regulatory capital for the Firm (e.g., VaR-based measure, stressed VaR-based measure and the respective backtesting), see JPMorgan Chase’s Basel III    Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are available on the Firm’s website at: (http://investor.shareholder.com/jpmorganchase/basel.cfm). The table below shows the results of the Firm’s Risk Management VaR measure using a 95% confidence level. Total VaR         As of or for the year ended December 31, 2017   2016 (in millions)  Avg. Min Max    Avg. Min Max CIB trading VaR by risk type                           Fixed income $ 28   $ 20   $ 40     $ 45   $ 33   $ 65   Foreign exchange 10   4   20     12   7   27   Equities 12   8   19     13   5   32   Commodities and other 7   4   10     9   7   11   Diversification benefit to CIB trading VaR (30 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (36 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)   CIB trading VaR 27   14 (b)   38 (b)     43   28 (b)   79 (b)   Credit portfolio VaR 7   3   12     12   10   16   Diversification benefit to CIB VaR (6 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (10 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)   CIB VaR 28   17 (b)   39 (b)     45   32 (b)   81 (b)                               CCB VaR 2   1   4     3   1   6   Corporate VaR 4   1   16 (c)     6   3   13 (c)   AWM VaR —   —   —     2   —   4   Diversification benefit to other VaR (1 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (3 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)   Other VaR 5   2 (b)   16 (b)     8   4 (b)   16 (b)   Diversification benefit to CIB and other VaR (4 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)     (8 ) (a)   NM (b)   NM (b)   Total VaR $ 29   $ 17 (b)   $ 42 (b)     $ 45   $ 33 (b)   $ 78 (b)   (a) Average portfolio VaR is less than the sum of the VaR of the components described above, which is due to portfolio diversification. The diversification effect reflects that the risks are not perfectly correlated. (b) Diversification benefit represents the difference between the total VaR and each reported level and the sum of its individual components. Diversification benefit reflects the non-additive nature of VaR due to imperfect correlation across lines of business and risk types. The maximum and minimum VaR  for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the components and consequently diversification benefit is not meaningful. (c) Maximum Corporate VaR was higher than the prior year, due to a Private Equity position that became publicly traded in the fourth quarter of 2017. Previously, this position was included in other sensitivity-based measures.  Average Total VaR decreased $16 million for the year-ended December 31, 2017 as compared with the  prior year. The reduction is a result of refinements made to VaR models for certain asset-backed products, changes made to the scope of positions included in VaR in the third quarter of 2016, and lower volatility in the one-year historical look-back period. In addition, Credit Portfolio VaR declined by $5 million reflecting the sale of select positions and lower volatility in the one-year historical look-back period. In the first quarter of 2017, the Firm refined the historical proxy time series inputs to certain VaR models. These refinements are intended to more appropriately reflect the risk exposure from certain asset-backed products. In the absence of this refinement, the average Total VaR, CIB fixed income VaR, CIB trading VaR and CIB VaR would have each been higher by $4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. VaR can vary significantly as positions change, market volatility fluctuates, and diversification benefits change.   VaR back-testing The Firm evaluates the effectiveness of its VaR methodology by back-testing, which compares the daily Risk Management VaR results with the daily gains and losses actually recognized on market-risk related revenue. The Firm’s definition of market risk-related gains and losses is consistent with the definition used by the banking regulators under Basel III. Under this definition market risk-related gains and losses are defined as: gains and losses on the positions included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, excluding fees, commissions, certain valuation adjustments (e.g., liquidity and FVA), net interest income, and gains and losses arising from intraday trading. 124   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following chart compares actual daily market risk-related gains and losses with the Firm’s Risk Management VaR for the year ended  December 31, 2017 . As the chart presents market risk-related gains and losses related to those positions included in the Firm’s Risk Management VaR, the results in the table below differ from the results of back-testing disclosed in the Market Risk section of the Firm’s Basel III Pillar 3 Regulatory Capital Disclosures reports, which are based on Regulatory VaR applied to covered positions. The chart shows that for the year ended  December 31, 2017  the Firm observed 15 VaR back-testing exceptions and posted gains on  145  of the  258  days. Daily Market Risk-Related Gains and Losses vs. Risk Management VaR (1-day, 95% Confidence level) Year ended   December 31, 2017       Market Risk-Related Gains and Losses          Risk Management VaR First Quarter 2017 Second Quarter 2017 Third Quarter 2017 Fourth Quarter 2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   125 Management’s discussion and analysis Other risk measures  Economic-value stress testing  Along with VaR, stress testing is an important tool in measuring and controlling risk. While VaR reflects the risk of loss due to adverse changes in markets using recent historical market behavior as an indicator of losses, stress testing is intended to capture the Firm’s exposure to unlikely but plausible events in abnormal markets. The Firm runs weekly stress tests on market-related risks across the lines of business using multiple scenarios that assume significant changes in risk factors such as credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices.   The Firm uses a number of standard scenarios that capture different risk factors across asset classes including geographical factors, specific idiosyncratic factors and extreme tail events. The stress framework calculates multiple magnitudes of potential stress for both market rallies and market sell-offs for each risk factor and combines them in multiple ways to capture different market scenarios. For example, certain scenarios assess the potential loss arising from current exposures held by the Firm due to a broad sell-off in bond markets or an extreme widening in corporate credit spreads. The flexibility of the stress testing framework allows risk managers to construct new, specific scenarios that can be used to form decisions about future possible stress events.   Stress testing complements VaR by allowing risk managers   to shock current market prices to more extreme levels relative to those historically realized, and to stress test the relationships between market prices under extreme scenarios.   Stress scenarios are defined and reviewed by Market Risk Management, and significant changes are reviewed by the relevant LOB Risk Committees and may be redefined on a periodic basis to reflect current market conditions.   Stress-test results, trends and qualitative explanations based on current market risk positions are reported to the respective LOBs and the Firm’s senior management to allow them to better understand the sensitivity of positions to certain defined events and to enable them to manage their risks with more transparency. Results are also reported to the Board of Directors.   The Firm’s stress testing framework is utilized in calculating results for the Firm’s CCAR and ICAAP processes. In addition, the results are incorporated into the quarterly assessment of the Firm’s Risk Appetite Framework and are also presented to the DRPC.     Nonstatistical risk measures   Nonstatistical risk measures include sensitivities to variables used to value positions, such as credit spread sensitivities, interest rate basis point values and market values. These measures provide granular information on the Firm’s market risk exposure. They are aggregated by line of business and by risk type, and are also used for monitoring internal market risk limits. Loss advisories and profit and loss drawdowns  Loss advisories and profit and loss drawdowns are tools used to highlight trading losses above certain levels of risk tolerance. Profit and loss drawdowns are defined as the decline in net profit and loss since the year-to-date peak revenue level. Earnings-at-risk  The VaR and sensitivity measures illustrate the economic sensitivity of the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets to changes in market variables.  The effect of interest rate exposure on the Firm’s reported net income is also important as interest rate risk represents one of the Firm’s significant market risks. Interest rate risk arises not only from trading activities but also from the Firm’s traditional banking activities, which include extension of loans and credit facilities, taking deposits and issuing debt. The Firm evaluates its structural interest rate risk exposure through earnings-at-risk, which measures the extent to which changes in interest rates will affect the Firm’s net interest income and interest rate-sensitive fees.  For a summary by line of business, identifying positions included in earnings-at-risk, see the table on page 122. The CTC Risk Committee establishes the Firm’s structural interest rate risk policies and market risk limits, which are subject to approval by the DRPC. Treasury and CIO, working in partnership with the lines of business, calculates the Firm’s structural interest rate risk profile and reviews it with senior management including the CTC Risk Committee and the Firm’s   ALCO .  In addition, oversight of structural interest rate risk is managed through a dedicated risk function reporting to the CTC CRO. This risk function is responsible for providing independent oversight and governance around assumptions and establishing and monitoring limits for structural interest rate risk. The Firm manages structural interest rate risk generally through its investment securities portfolio and interest rate derivatives.   126   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Structural interest rate risk can occur due to a variety of factors, including: • Differences in the timing among the maturity or repricing of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments • Differences in the amounts of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments that are repricing at the same time • Differences in the amounts by which short-term and long-term market interest rates change (for example, changes in the slope of the yield curve) • The impact of changes in the maturity of various assets, liabilities or off-balance sheet instruments as interest rates change The Firm manages interest rate exposure related to its assets and liabilities on a consolidated, firmwide basis. Business units transfer their interest rate risk to Treasury and CIO through funds transfer pricing, which takes into account the elements of interest rate exposure that can be risk-managed in financial markets. These elements include asset and liability balances and contractual rates of interest, contractual principal payment schedules, expected prepayment experience, interest rate reset dates and maturities, rate indices used for repricing, and any interest rate ceilings or floors for adjustable rate products. All transfer-pricing assumptions are dynamically reviewed. The Firm generates a baseline for net interest income and certain interest rate-sensitive fees, and then conducts simulations of changes for interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars and other currencies (“non-U.S. dollar” currencies). This simulation primarily includes, retained loans, deposits, deposits with banks,  investment securities, long term debt and any related interest rate hedges, and excludes other positions in risk management VaR and other sensitivity-based measures as described on page 122.  Earnings-at-risk scenarios estimate the potential change in this baseline, over the following 12 months utilizing multiple assumptions. These scenarios consider the impact on exposures as a result of changes in interest rates from baseline rates, as well as pricing sensitivities of deposits, optionality and changes in product mix. The scenarios include forecasted balance sheet changes, as well as modeled prepayment and reinvestment behavior, but do not include assumptions about actions that could be taken by the Firm in response to any such instantaneous rate changes. Mortgage prepayment assumptions are based on scenario interest rates compared with underlying contractual rates, the time since origination, and other factors which are updated periodically based on historical experience. The pricing sensitivity of deposits in the baseline and scenarios use assumed rates paid which may differ from actual rates paid due to timing lags and other factors. The Firm’s earnings-at-risk scenarios are periodically evaluated and enhanced in response to changes in the composition of the Firm’s balance sheet, changes in market conditions, improvements in the Firm’s simulation and other factors.    The Firm’s U.S. dollar sensitivities are presented in the table below.  JPMorgan Chase’s 12-month earnings-at-risk sensitivity profiles U.S. dollar Instantaneous change in rates (in billions) +200 bps +100 bps -100 bps -200 bps December 31, 2017 $ 2.4   $ 1.7   (3.6 ) (a)   NM (b)   December 31, 2016 $ 4.0   $ 2.4   NM (b)   NM (b)   (a) As a result of the 2017 increase in the Fed Funds target rate to between 1.25% and 1.50%, the -100 bps sensitivity has been included.   (b) Given the level of market interest rates, these downward parallel earnings-at-risk scenarios are not considered to be meaningful.   The non-U.S. dollar sensitivities for an instantaneous increase in rates by 200 and 100 basis points results in a 12-month benefit to net interest income of approximately $800 million and $500 million, respectively, at December 31, 2017  and were not material at December 31, 2016.  The non-U.S. dollar sensitivities for an instantaneous decrease in rates by 200 and 100 basis points were not material to the Firm’s earnings-at-risk at December 31, 2017  and 2016.  The Firm’s sensitivity to rates is largely a result of assets repricing at a faster pace than deposits.  The Firm’s net U.S. dollar sensitivities for an instantaneous increase in rates by 200 and 100 basis points decreased by approximately $1.6 billion and $700 million, respectively, when compared to December 31, 2016. The primary driver of that decrease was the updating of the Firm’s baseline to reflect higher interest rates. As higher interest rates are reflected in the Firm’s baselines, the magnitude of the sensitivity to further increases in rates would be expected to be less significant. Separately, another U.S. dollar interest rate scenario used by the Firm — involving a steeper yield curve with long-term rates rising by 100 basis points and short-term rates staying at current levels — results in a 12-month benefit to net interest income of approximately  $700 million  and $800 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The increase in net interest income under this scenario reflect s  the Firm reinvesting at the higher long-term rates, with funding costs remaining unchanged. The result s  of the comparable non-U.S. dollar scenario s were  not material to the Firm at December 31, 2017  and 2016. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   127 Non-U.S. dollar foreign exchange risk  Non-U.S. dollar FX risk is the risk that changes in foreign exchange rates affect the value of the Firm’s assets or liabilities or future results. The Firm has structural non-U.S. dollar FX exposures arising from capital investments, forecasted expense and revenue, the investment securities    portfolio and non-U.S. dollar-denominated debt issuance. Treasury and CIO, working in partnership with the lines of business, primarily manage these risks on behalf of the Firm. Treasury and CIO may hedge certain of these risks using derivatives within risk limits governed by the CTC Risk Committee.   Other sensitivity-based measures The Firm quantifies the market risk of certain investment and funding activities by assessing the potential impact on net revenue and OCI due to changes in relevant market variables. For additional information on the positions captured in other sensitivity-based measures, please refer to the Risk identification and classification table on page 122. The table below represents the potential impact to net revenue or OCI for market risk sensitive instruments that are not included in VaR or earnings-at-risk. Where appropriate, instruments used for hedging purposes are reported along with the positions being hedged. The sensitivities disclosed in the table below may not be representative of the actual gain or loss that would have been realized at  December 31, 2017 , as the movement in market parameters across maturities may vary and are not intended to imply management’s expectation of future deterioration in these sensitivities. Gain/(loss)  (in millions)               Activity   Description   Sensitivity measure December 31, 2017 December 31, 2016                 Investment activities               Investment management activities   Consists of seed capital and related hedges; and fund co-investments   10% decline in market value   $ (110 ) $ (166 ) Other investments   Consists of private equity and other investments held at fair value   10% decline in market value   (338 ) (358 )                 Funding activities               Non-USD LTD cross-currency basis   Represents the basis risk on derivatives used to hedge the foreign exchange risk on the non-USD LTD   1 basis point parallel tightening of cross currency basis   (10 ) (7 ) Non-USD LTD hedges foreign currency (“FX”) exposure   Primarily represents the foreign exchange revaluation on the fair value of the derivative hedges   10% depreciation of currency   (13 ) (23 ) Derivatives – funding spread risk   Impact of changes in the spread related to derivatives FVA   1 basis point parallel increase in spread   (6 ) (4 ) Fair value option elected liabilities – funding spread risk    Impact of changes in the spread related to fair value option elected liabilities DVA (a)   1 basis point parallel increase in spread   22 17 Fair value option elected liabilities –interest rate sensitivity   Interest rate sensitivity on fair value option liabilities resulting from a change in the Firm’s own credit spread (a)   1 basis point parallel increase in spread   (1 ) NA (a) Impact recognized through OCI. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   128 COUNTRY RISK MANAGEMENT  The Firm has a country risk management framework for monitoring and assessing how financial, economic, political or other significant developments adversely affect the value of the Firm’s exposures related to a particular country or set of countries. The Country Risk Management group actively monitors the various portfolios which may be impacted by these developments to ensure the Firm’s exposures are diversified and that exposure levels are appropriate given the Firm’s strategy and risk tolerance relative to a country. Organization and management Country Risk Management is an independent risk management function that assesses, manages and monitors country risk originated across the Firm. The Firmwide Risk Executive for Country Risk reports to the Firm’s CRO. The Firm’s country risk management function includes the following activities: • Establishing policies, procedures and standards consistent with a comprehensive country risk framework • Assigning sovereign ratings, and assessing country risks and establishing risk tolerance relative to a country • Measuring and monitoring country risk exposure and stress across the Firm • Managing and approving country limits and reporting trends and limit breaches to senior management • Developing surveillance tools, such as signaling models and ratings indicators, for early identification of potential country risk concerns • Providing country risk scenario analysis Sources and measurement The Firm is exposed to country risk through its lending and deposits, investing, and market-making activities, whether cross-border or locally funded. Country exposure includes activity with both government and private-sector entities in a country. Under the Firm’s internal country risk management approach, country exposure is reported based on the country where the majority of the assets of the obligor, counterparty, issuer or guarantor are located or where the majority of its revenue is derived, which may be different than the domicile (legal residence) or country of incorporation of the obligor, counterparty, issuer or guarantor. Country exposures are generally measured by considering the Firm’s risk to an immediate default of the counterparty or obligor, with zero recovery. Assumptions are sometimes required in determining the measurement and allocation of country exposure, particularly in the case of certain non-linear or index exposures. The use of different measurement approaches or assumptions could affect the amount of reported country exposure.   Under the Firm’s internal country risk measurement framework: • Lending exposures are measured at the total committed  amount (funded and unfunded), net of the allowance for credit losses and cash and marketable securities collateral re ceived • Deposits are measured as the cash balances placed with central and commercial banks • Securities financing exposures are measured at their receivable balance, net of collateral received • Debt and equity securities are measured at the fair value of all positions, including both long and short positions • Counterparty exposure on derivative receivables is measured at the derivative’s fair value, net of the fair value of the related collateral. Counterparty exposure on derivatives can change significantly because of market movements • Credit derivatives protection purchased and sold is reported based on the underlying reference entity and is measured at the notional amount of protection purchased or sold, net of the fair value of the recognized derivative receivable or payable. Credit derivatives protection purchased and sold in the Firm’s market-making activities is measured on a net basis, as such activities often result in selling and purchasing protection related to the same underlying reference entity; this reflects the manner in which the Firm manages these exposures Some activities may create contingent or indirect exposure related to a country (for example, providing clearing services or secondary exposure to collateral on securities financing receivables). These exposures are managed in the normal course of business through the Firm’s credit, market, and operational risk governance, rather than through Country Risk Management. The Firm’s internal country risk reporting differs from the reporting provided under the FFIEC bank regulatory requirements. For further information on the FFIEC’s reporting methodology, see Cross-border outstandings on  page 296  of the 2017 Form 10-K. Stress testing Stress testing is an important component of the Firm’s country risk management framework, which aims to estimate and limit losses arising from a country crisis by measuring the impact of adverse asset price movements to a country based on market shocks combined with counterparty specific assumptions. Country Risk Management periodically designs and runs tailored stress scenarios to test vulnerabilities to individual countries, or groups of countries, in response to specific or potential market events, sector performance concerns and geopolitical risks. These tailored stress results are used to assess potential risk reduction across the Firm, as necessary. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   129 Management’s discussion and analysis Risk Reporting To enable effective risk management of country risk to the Firm, country nominal exposure and stress are measured and reported weekly, and used by Country Risk Management to identify trends, and monitor high usages and breaches against limits.   The following table presents the Firm’s top 20 exposures by country (excluding the U.S.) as of  December 31, 2017 . The selection of countries represents the Firm’s largest total exposures by country, based on the Firm’s internal country risk management approach, and does not represent the Firm’s view of any actual or potentially adverse credit conditions. Country exposures may fluctuate from period to period due to client activity and market flows. Top 20 country exposures (excluding the U.S.) (a)     December 31, 2017 (in billions)   Lending and deposits (b) Trading and investing (c)(d) Other (e) Total exposure Germany   $ 43.3 $ 13.8 $ 0.3 $ 57.4 United Kingdom   32.0 11.5 2.8 46.3 Japan   24.7 5.7 0.4 30.8 France   12.5 6.6 0.3 19.4 China   9.6 5.5 1.2 16.3 Canada   12.2 2.5 0.2 14.9 Switzerland   8.5 1.5 3.9 13.9 India   5.3 6.1 0.9 12.3 Australia   5.8 5.6 — 11.4 Luxembourg   8.7 0.8 — 9.5 Netherlands   6.6 0.8 0.6 8.0 Spain   4.7 2.1 0.1 6.9 South Korea   4.6 1.9 0.3 6.8 Italy   3.5 3.1 0.1 6.7 Singapore   4.0 1.2 1.1 6.3 Mexico   4.0 1.2 — 5.2 Brazil   3.2 1.4 0.5 5.1 Hong Kong   2.3 0.9 1.6 4.8 Saudi Arabia   3.8 0.7 — 4.5 Belgium   2.7 1.5 — 4.2 (a) Country exposures above reflect 86% of total firmwide non U.S. exposure. (b) Lending and deposits includes loans and accrued interest receivable (net of collateral and the allowance for loan losses), deposits with banks (including central banks), acceptances, other monetary assets, issued letters of credit net of participations, and unused commitments to extend credit. Excludes intra-day and operating exposures, such as from settlement and clearing activities. (c) Includes market-making inventory, AFS securities, counterparty exposure on derivative and securities financings net of collateral and hedging. (d) Includes single reference entity (“single-name”), index and other multiple reference entity transactions for which one or more of the underlying reference entities is in a country listed in the above table. (e) Includes capital invested in local entities and physical commodity inventory. 130   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT Operational risk is the risk associated with inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events; operational risk includes cybersecurity risk, business and technology resiliency risk, payment fraud risk, and third-party outsourcing risk.  Operational risk is inherent in the Firm’s activities and can manifest  itself in various ways, including fraudulent acts, business interruptions, inappropriate employee behavior, failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or failure of vendors to perform in accordance with their arrangements. These events could result in financial losses, litigation and regulatory fines, as well as other damages to the Firm. The goal is to keep operational risk at appropriate levels in light of the Firm’s financial position, the characteristics of its businesses, and the markets and regulatory environments in which it operates.   Operational Risk Management Framework To monitor and control operational risk, the Firm has an Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”) which is designed to enable the Firm to maintain a sound and well-controlled operational environment. The ORMF has four main components: Governance, Risk Identification and Assessment, Measurement, and Monitoring and Reporting.  Governance The lines of business and corporate functions are responsible for owning and managing their operational risks. The Firmwide Oversight and Control Group, which consists of control officers within each line of business and corporate function, is responsible for the day-to-day execution of the ORMF.  Line of business and corporate function control committees oversee the operational risk and control environments of their respective businesses and functions. These committees escalate operational risk issues to the FCC, as appropriate. For additional information on the FCC, see Enterprise-wide Risk Management on  pages 75–137 . The Firmwide Risk Executive for Operational Risk Governance (“ORG”), a direct report to the CRO, is responsible for defining the ORMF and establishing minimum standards for its execution. Operational Risk Officers report to both the line of business CROs and to the Firmwide Risk Executive for ORG, and are independent of the respective businesses or corporate functions they oversee. The Firm’s Operational Risk Governance Policy is approved by the DRPC. This policy establishes the Operational Risk Management Framework for the Firm.    Risk identification and assessment The Firm utilizes several tools to identify, assess, mitigate and manage its operational risk. One such tool is the Risk and Control Self-Assessment  ( “RCSA”) program which is executed by LOBs and corporate functions in accordance with the minimum standards established by ORG. As part of the RCSA program, lines of business and corporate functions identify key operational risks inherent in their activities, evaluate the effectiveness of relevant controls in place to mitigate identified risks, and define actions to reduce residual risk. Action plans are developed for identified control issues and businesses and corporate functions are held accountable for tracking and resolving issues in a timely manner. Operational Risk Officers independently challenge the execution of the RCSA program and evaluate the appropriateness of the residual risk results.  In addition to the RCSA program, the Firm tracks and monitors events that have led to or could lead to actual operational risk losses, including litigation-related events. Responsible businesses and corporate functions analyze their losses to evaluate the effectiveness of their control environment to assess where controls have failed, and to determine where targeted remediation efforts may be required. ORG provides oversight of these activities and may also perform independent assessments of significant operational risk events and areas of concentrated or emerging risk. Measurement In addition to the level of actual operational risk losses, operational risk measurement includes operational risk-based capital and operational risk loss projections under both baseline and stressed conditions. The primary component of the operational risk capital estimate is the Loss Distribution Approach (“LDA”) statistical model, which simulates the frequency and severity of future operational risk loss projections based on historical data. The LDA model is used to estimate an aggregate operational risk loss over a one-year time horizon, at a 99.9% confidence level. The LDA model incorporates actual internal operational risk losses in the quarter following the period in which those losses were realized, and the calculation generally continues to reflect such losses even after the issues or business activities giving rise to the losses have been remediated or reduced. As required under the Basel III capital framework, the Firm’s operational risk-based capital methodology, which uses the Advanced Measurement Approach, incorporates internal and external losses as well as management’s view of tail risk captured through operational risk scenario analysis, and evaluation of key business environment and internal control metrics.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   131 Management’s discussion and analysis The Firm considers the impact of stressed economic conditions on operational risk losses and develops a forward looking view of material operational risk events that may occur in a stressed environment. The Firm’s operational risk stress testing framework is utilized in calculating results for the Firm’s CCAR and ICAAP processes.   For information related to operational risk RWA, CCAR or ICAAP, see Capital Risk Management section,  pages 82–91 . Monitoring and reporting ORG has established standards for consistent operational risk monitoring and reporting. The standards also reinforce escalation protocols to senior management and to the Board of Directors. Operational risk reports are produced on a firmwide basis as well as by line of business and corporate function. Subcategories and examples of operational risks As mentioned previously, operational risk can manifest itself in various ways. Operational risk subcategories such as Compliance risk, Conduct risk, Legal risk and Estimations and Model risk, as well as other operational risks, can lead to losses which are captured through the Firm’s operational risk measurement processes . More information on Compliance risk, Conduct risk, Legal risk and Estimations and Model risk subcategories are discussed on pages  134 ,  135 ,  136  and  137 , respectively. Details on other select examples of operational risks are provided below. Cybersecurity risk  Cybersecurity risk is an important, continuous and evolving focus for the Firm. The Firm devotes significant resources to protecting and continuing to improve the security of the Firm’s computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets. The Firm’s security efforts are intended to protect against, among other things, cybersecurity attacks by unauthorized parties to obtain access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. The Firm continues to make significant investments in enhancing its cyberdefense capabilities and to strengthen its partnerships with the appropriate government and law enforcement agencies and other businesses in order to understand the full spectrum of cybersecurity risks in the operating environment, enhance defenses and improve resiliency against cybersecurity threats. The Firm actively participates in discussions of cybersecurity risks with law enforcement, government officials, peer and industry groups, and has significantly increased efforts to educate employees and certain clients on the topic. Third parties with which the Firm does business or that facilitate the Firm’s business activities (e.g., vendors, exchanges, clearing houses, central depositories, and financial intermediaries) could also be sources of cybersecurity risk to the Firm. Third party cybersecurity incidents such as system breakdowns or failures, misconduct by the employees of such parties, or cyberattacks could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Firm or result in lost or compromised information of the Firm or its clients. Clients can also be    sources of cybersecurity risk to the Firm, particularly when their activities and systems are beyond the Firm’s own security and control systems. As a result, the Firm engages in regular and ongoing discussions with certain vendors and clients regarding cybersecurity risks and opportunities to improve security. However, where cybersecurity incidents are due to client failure to maintain the security of their own systems and processes, clients will generally be responsible for losses incurred.  To protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Firm’s infrastructure, resources and information, the Firm leverages the ORMF to ensure risks are identified and managed within defined corporate tolerances. The Firm’s Board of Directors and the Audit Committee are regularly briefed on the Firm’s cybersecurity policies and practices and ongoing efforts to improve security, as well as its efforts regarding significant cybersecurity events. Business and technology resiliency risk  Business disruptions can occur due to forces beyond the Firm’s control such as severe weather, power or telecommunications loss, flooding, transit strikes, terrorist threats or infectious disease. The safety of the Firm’s employees and customers is of the highest priority. The Firm’s global resiliency program is intended to enable the Firm to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets (i.e., staff, technology and facilities) in the event of a business interruption. The program includes corporate governance, awareness and training, as well as strategic and tactical initiatives to identify, assess, and manage business interruption and public safety risks. The strength and proficiency of the Firm’s global resiliency program has played an integral role in maintaining the Firm’s business operations during and after various events. Payment fraud risk Payment fraud risk is the risk of external and internal parties unlawfully obtaining personal monetary benefit through misdirected or otherwise improper payment, and exposing the Firm to financial or reputational harm.  Over the past year, the risk of payment fraud remained at a heightened level across the industry. The complexities of these attacks along with perpetrators’ strategies continue to evolve. A Payments Control Program has been established that includes Cybersecurity, Operations, Technology, Risk and the lines of business to manage the risk, implement controls and provide employee and client education and awareness training. In addition, a new wholesale fraud detection solution has been introduced which monitors high value payments for certain anomalies. The Firm’s monitoring of customer behavior is periodically evaluated and enhanced, and attempts to detect and mitigate new strategies implemented by fraud perpetrators. The Firm’s consumer and wholesale businesses collaborate closely to deploy risk mitigation controls across their businesses.  132   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Third-party outsourcing risk To identify and manage the operational risk inherent in its outsourcing activities, the Firm has a Third-Party Oversight (“TPO”) framework to assist lines of business and corporate functions in selecting, documenting, onboarding, monitoring and managing their supplier relationships. The objective of the TPO framework is to hold third parties to the same high level of operational performance as is expected of the Firm’s internal operations.  The Corporate Third-Party Oversight group is responsible for Firmwide TPO training, monitoring, reporting and standards. Insurance One of the ways in which operational risk may be mitigated is through insurance maintained by the Firm. The Firm purchases insurance from commercial insurers and utilizes a wholly-owned captive insurer, Park Assurance Company, to ensure compliance with local laws and regulations (e.g., workers compensation), as well as to serve other needs (e.g., property loss and public liability). Insurance may also be required by third parties with whom the Firm does business. The insurance purchased is reviewed and approved by senior management.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   133 COMPLIANCE RISK MANAGEMENT Compliance risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk of failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations.  Overview Each line of business and function is accountable for managing its compliance risk. The Firm’s Compliance Organization (“Compliance”), which is independent of the lines of business, works closely with senior management to provide independent review, monitoring and oversight of business operations with a focus on compliance with the legal and regulatory obligations applicable to the delivery of the Firm’s products and services to clients and customers. These compliance risks relate to a wide variety of legal and regulatory obligations, depending on the line of business and the jurisdiction, and include those related to financial products and services, relationships and interactions with clients and customers, and employee activities. For example, compliance risks include those associated with anti-money laundering compliance, trading activities, market conduct, and complying with the rules and regulations related to the offering of products and services across jurisdictional borders, among others. Compliance risk is also inherent in the Firm’s fiduciary activities, including the failure to exercise the applicable high standard of care (such as the duties of loyalty or care), to act in the best interest of clients and customers or to treat clients and customers fairly. Other Functions provide oversight of significant regulatory obligations that are specific to their respective areas of responsibility. Compliance implements various practices designed to identify and mitigate compliance risk by establishing policies, testing, monitoring, training and providing guidance.   Governance and oversight Compliance is led by the Firms’ CCO who reports to the Firm’s CRO.  The Firm maintains oversight and coordination of its Compliance Risk Management practices through the Firm’s CCO, lines of business CCOs and regional CCOs to implement the Compliance program globally across the lines of business and regions. The Firm’s CCO is a member of the FCC and the FRC. The Firm’s CCO also provides regular updates to the Audit Committee and DRPC. In addition, certain Special Purpose Committees of the Board have been established to oversee the Firm’s compliance with regulatory Consent Orders.  The Firm has a Code of Conduct (the “Code”). Each employee is given annual training on the Code and is required annually to affirm his or her compliance with the Code. All new hires must complete Code training shortly after their start date with the Firm .  The Code sets forth the Firm’s expectation that employees will conduct themselves with integrity at all times and provides the principles that govern employee conduct with clients, customers, shareholders and one another, as well as with the markets and communities in which the Firm does business. The Code requires employees to promptly report any known or suspected violation of the Code, any internal Firm policy, or any law or regulation applicable to the Firm’s business. It also requires employees to report any illegal conduct, or conduct that violates the underlying principles of the Code, by any of the Firm’s employees, customers, suppliers, contract workers, business partners, or agents. The Code prohibits retaliation against anyone who raises an issue or concern in good faith. Specified compliance officers are specially trained and designated as “code specialists” who act as a resource to employees on questions related to the Code. Employees can report any known or suspected violations of the Code through the Code Reporting Hotline by phone or the internet. The Hotline is anonymous, except in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions where laws prohibit anonymous reporting, and is available 24/7 globally, with translation services. It is maintained by an outside service provider. Annually, the Chief Compliance Office and Human Resources report to the Audit Committee on the Code of Conduct program and provide an update on the employee completion rate for Code of Conduct training and affirmation.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   134 CONDUCT RISK MANAGEMENT Conduct risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk that any action or inaction by an employee of the Firm could lead to unfair client/customer outcomes, compromise the Firm’s reputation, impact the integrity of the markets in which the Firm operates, or reflect poorly on the Firm’s culture. Overview Each line of business or function is accountable for identifying and managing its conduct risk to provide appropriate engagement, ownership and sustainability of a culture consistent with the Firm’s How We Do Business Principles (“Principles”). The Principles serve as a guide for how employees are expected to conduct themselves. With the Principles serving as a guide, the Firm’s Code sets out the Firm’s expectations for each employee and provides information and resources to help employees conduct business ethically and in compliance with the law everywhere the Firm operates. For further discussion of the Code, see Compliance Risk Management on  page 134 . Governance and oversight The CMDC is the Board-level Committee with primary oversight of the firm’s Culture and Conduct Program .  The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the program established by management to monitor compliance with the Code. Additionally, the DRPC reviews, at least annually, the Firm’s qualitative factors included in the Risk Appetite Framework, including conduct risk. The DRPC also meets annually with the CMDC to review and discuss aspects of the    Firm’s compensation practices .  Finally, the Culture & Conduct Risk Committee provides oversight of certain culture and conduct risk initiatives at the Firm. Conduct risk management is incorporated into various aspects of people management practices throughout the employee life cycle, including recruiting, onboarding, training and development, performance management, promotion and compensation processes. Businesses undertake annual RCSA assessments, and, as part of these reviews, identify their respective key inherent operational risks (including conduct risks), evaluate the design and effectiveness of their controls, identify control gaps and develop associated action plans. Each LOB and designated corporate function completes an assessment of conduct risk quarterly, reviews metrics and issues which may involve conduct risk, and provides business conduct training as appropriate.   The Firm’s Know Your Employee framework generally addresses how the Firm manages, oversees and responds to workforce conduct related matters that may otherwise expose the Firm to financial, reputational, compliance and other operating risks. The Firm also has a HR Control Forum, the primary purpose of which is to discuss conduct and accountability for more significant risk and control issues and review, when appropriate, employee actions including but not limited to promotion and compensation actions. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   135 Management’s discussion and analysis LEGAL RISK MANAGEMENT Legal risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the risk of loss primarily caused by the actual or alleged failure to meet legal obligations that arise from the rule of law in jurisdictions in which the Firm operates, agreements with clients and customers, and products and services offered by the Firm.  Overview The global Legal function (“Legal”) provides legal services and advice to the Firm. Legal is responsible for managing the Firm’s exposure to Legal risk by: • managing actual and potential litigation and enforcement matters, including internal reviews and investigations related to such matters • advising on products and services, including contract negotiation and documentation • advising on offering and marketing documents and new business initiatives • managing dispute resolution • interpreting existing laws, rules and regulations, and advising on changes thereto • advising on advocacy in connection with contemplated and proposed laws, rules and regulations, and  • providing legal advice to the LOBs and corporate functions, in alignment with the lines of defense described under Enterprise-wide Risk Management.   Legal selects, engages and manages outside counsel for the Firm on all matters in which outside counsel is engaged. In addition, Legal advises the Firm’s Conflicts Office which reviews the Firm’s wholesale transactions that may have the potential to create conflicts of interest for the Firm.  Governance and oversight The Firm’s General Counsel reports to the CEO and is a member of the Operating Committee, the Firmwide Risk Committee and the Firmwide Control Committee. The General Counsel’s leadership team includes a General Counsel for each line of business, the heads of the Litigation and Corporate & Regulatory practices, as well as the Firm’s Corporate Secretary. Each region (e.g., Latin America, Asia Pacific) has a General Counsel who is responsible for managing legal risk across all lines of business and functions in the region. The Firm’s General Counsel and other members of Legal report on significant legal matters at each meeting of the Firm’s Board of Directors, at least quarterly to the Audit Committee, and periodically to the DRPC.  Legal serves on and advises various committees (including new business initiative and reputation risk committees) and advises the Firm’s businesses to protect the Firm’s reputation beyond any particular legal requirements. 136   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report ESTIMATIONS AND MODEL RISK MANAGEMENT Estimations and Model risk, a subcategory of operational risk, is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused estimation outputs.   The Firm uses models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations across various businesses and functions. The estimation methods are of varying levels of sophistication and are used for many purposes, such as the valuation of positions and measurement of risk, assessing regulatory capital requirements, conducting stress testing, and making business decisions. A dedicated independent function, Model Risk Governance and Review (“MRGR”), defines and governs the Firm’s model risk management policies and certain analytical and judgment-based estimations, such as those used in risk management, budget forecasting and capital planning and analysis. MRGR reports to the Firm’s CRO.  Model risks are owned by the users of the models within the various businesses and functions in the Firm based on the specific purposes of such models. Users and developers of models are responsible for developing, implementing and testing their models, as well as referring models to the Model Risk function for review and approval. Once models have been approved, model users and developers are responsible for maintaining a robust operating environment, and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on an ongoing basis. Model users and developers may seek to enhance models in response to changes in the portfolios and in product and market developments, as well as to capture improvements in available modeling techniques and systems capabilities.     Models are tiered based on an internal standard according to their complexity, the exposure associated with the model and the Firm’s reliance on the model. This tiering is subject to the approval of the Model Risk function. A model review conducted by the Model Risk function considers the model’s suitability for the specific uses to which it will be put. The factors considered in reviewing a model include whether the model accurately reflects the characteristics of the product and its significant risks, the selection and reliability of model inputs, consistency with models for similar products, the appropriateness of any model-related adjustments, and sensitivity to input parameters and assumptions that cannot be observed from the market. When reviewing a model, the Model Risk function analyzes and challenges the model methodology and the reasonableness of model assumptions and may perform or require additional testing, including back-testing of model outcomes. Model reviews are approved by the appropriate level of management within the Model Risk function based on the relevant model tier. Under the Firm’s Estimations and Model Risk Management Policy, the Model Risk function reviews and approves new models, as well as material changes to existing models, prior to implementation in the operating environment. In certain circumstances, the head of the Model Risk function may grant exceptions to the Firm’s policy to allow a model to be used prior to review or approval. The Model Risk function may also require the user to take appropriate actions to mitigate the model risk if it is to be used in the interim. These actions will depend on the model and may include, for example, limitation of trading activity. The governance of analytical and judgment-based estimations, such as those used in risk management, budget forecasting, and capital planning and analysis, within MRGR’s scope, follows a consistent approach to the governance of models. For a summary of valuations based on valuation models and other valuation techniques, see Critical Accounting Estimates Used by the Firm on  pages 138–140  and Note  2 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   137 Management’s discussion and analysis CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES USED BY THE FIRM JPMorgan Chase ’s accounting policies and use of estimates are integral to understanding its reported results. The Firm’s most complex accounting estimates require management’s judgment to ascertain the appropriate carrying value of assets and liabilities. The Firm has established policies and control procedures intended to ensure that estimation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well-controlled, independently reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. The methods used and judgments made reflect, among other factors, the nature of the assets or liabilities and the related business and risk management strategies, which may vary across the Firm’s businesses and portfolios. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. The Firm believes its estimates for determining the carrying value of its assets and liabilities are appropriate. The following is a brief description of the Firm’s critical accounting estimates involving significant judgments. Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase ’s allowance for credit losses covers the retained consumer and wholesale loan portfolios, as well as the Firm’s wholesale and certain consumer lending-related commitments. The allowance for loan losses is intended to adjust the carrying value of the Firm’s loan assets to reflect probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Similarly, the allowance for lending-related commitments is established to cover probable credit losses inherent in the lending-related commitments portfolio as of the balance sheet date.  The allowance for credit losses includes a formula-based component, an asset-specific component, and a component related to PCI loans. The determination of each of these components involves significant judgment on a number of matters. For further discussion of these components, areas of judgment and methodologies used in establishing the Firm’s allowance for credit losses, see Note  13 . Allowance for credit losses sensitivity The Firm’s allowance for credit losses is sensitive to numerous factors, which may differ depending on the portfolio. Changes in economic conditions or in the Firm’s assumptions and estimates could affect its estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date. The Firm uses its best judgment to assess these economic conditions and loss data in estimating the allowance for credit losses and these estimates are subject to periodic refinement based on changes to underlying external or Firm-specific historical data. The use of alternate estimates, data sources, adjustments to modeled loss estimates for model imprecision and other factors would result in a different estimated allowance for credit losses, as well as impact any related sensitivities described below. During the second quarter of 2017, the Firm refined its loss estimates relating to the wholesale credit portfolio. See Note  13  for further discussion.    To illustrate the potential magnitude of certain alternate judgments, the Firm estimates that changes in the following inputs would have the following effects on the Firm’s modeled credit loss estimates as of  December 31, 2017 , without consideration of any offsetting or correlated effects of other inputs in the Firm’s allowance for loan losses: • A combined  5%  decline in housing prices and a  100  basis point increase in unemployment rates from current levels could imply: ◦ an increase to modeled credit loss estimates of approximately  $525 million  for PCI loans. ◦ an increase to modeled annual credit loss estimates of approximately  $100 million  for residential real estate, excluding PCI loans. • For credit card loans, a  100  basis point increase in unemployment rates from current levels could imply an increase to modeled annual loss estimates of approximately $1.0 billion. • An increase in PD factors consistent with a one-notch downgrade in the Firm’s internal risk ratings for its entire wholesale loan portfolio could imply an increase in the Firm’s modeled credit loss estimates of approximately  $1.4 billion . • A 100 basis point increase in estimated loss given default (“LGD”) for the Firm’s entire wholesale loan portfolio could imply an increase in the Firm’s modeled credit loss estimates of approximately  $175 million . The purpose of these sensitivity analyses is to provide an indication of the isolated impacts of hypothetical alternative assumptions on modeled loss estimates. The changes in the inputs presented above are not intended to imply management’s expectation of future deterioration of those risk factors. In addition, these analyses are not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance for loan losses, which would also be influenced by the judgment management applies to the modeled loss estimates to reflect the uncertainty and imprecision of these modeled loss estimates based on then-current circumstances and conditions. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in specific factors might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because management considers a variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. Changes in these factors and inputs may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in other factors. In addition, it is difficult to predict how changes in specific economic conditions or assumptions could affect borrower behavior or other factors considered by management in estimating the allowance for credit losses. Given the process the Firm follows and the judgments made in evaluating the risk factors related to its loss estimates, management believes that its current estimate of the allowance for credit losses is appropriate. 138   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Fair value of financial instruments, MSRs and commodities inventory JPMorgan Chase carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. The majority of such assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including certain mortgage, home equity and other loans, where the carrying value is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. Assets measured at fair value The following table includes the Firm’s assets measured at fair value and the portion of such assets that are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. For further information, see Note  2 . December 31, 2017 (in billions, except ratio data) Total assets at fair value Total level 3 assets Trading debt and equity instruments $ 325.3   $ 5.4 Derivative receivables (a) 56.5   6.0 Trading assets 381.8   11.4 AFS securities 202.2   0.3 Loans 2.5   0.3 MSRs 6.0   6.0 Other 33.2   1.2 Total assets measured   at fair value on a recurring basis 625.7   19.2 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 1.3   0.8 Total assets measured   at fair value  $ 627.0   $ 20.0 Total Firm assets $ 2,533.6     Level 3 assets as a percentage of total Firm assets (a)     0.8 % Level 3 assets as a percentage of total Firm assets at fair value (a)     3.2 % (a) For purposes of the table above, the derivative receivables total reflects the impact of netting adjustments; however, the  $6.0 billion  of derivative receivables classified as level 3 does not reflect the netting adjustment as such netting is not relevant to a presentation based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset. The level 3 balances would be reduced if netting were applied, including the netting benefit associated with cash collateral. Valuation Details of the Firm’s processes for determining fair value are set out in Note  2 . Estimating fair value requires the application of judgment. The type and level of judgment required is largely dependent on the amount of observable market information available to the Firm. For instruments valued using internally developed valuation models and other valuation techniques that use significant unobservable inputs and are therefore classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, judgments used to estimate fair value are more significant than those required when estimating the fair value of instruments classified within levels 1 and 2. In arriving at an estimate of fair value for an instrument within level 3, management must first determine the appropriate valuation technique to use. Second, the lack of observability of certain significant inputs requires management to assess all relevant empirical data in deriving valuation inputs including, for example, transaction details, yield curves, interest rates, prepayment rates, default rates, volatilities, correlations, equity or debt prices,    valuations of comparable instruments, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. For further discussion of the valuation of level 3 instruments, including unobservable inputs used, see Note  2 . For instruments classified in levels 2 and 3, management judgment must be applied to assess the appropriate level of valuation adjustments to reflect counterparty credit quality, the Firm’s creditworthiness, market funding rates, liquidity considerations, unobservable parameters, and for portfolios that meet specified criteria, the size of the net open risk position. The judgments made are typically affected by the type of product and its specific contractual terms, and the level of liquidity for the product or within the market as a whole. For further discussion of valuation adjustments applied by the Firm see Note  2 . Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. Furthermore, while the Firm believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those of other market participants, the methods and assumptions used reflect management judgment and may vary across the Firm’s businesses and portfolios. The Firm uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of methodologies or assumptions different than those used by the Firm could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. For a detailed discussion of the Firm’s valuation process and hierarchy, and its determination of fair value for individual financial instruments, see Note  2 . Goodwill impairment  Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment at least annually. The Firm’s process and methodology used to conduct goodwill impairment testing is described in Note  15 . Management applies significant judgment when estimating the fair value of its reporting units. Estimates of fair value are dependent upon estimates of the future earnings potential of the Firm’s reporting units, long-term growth rates and the estimated market cost of equity. Imprecision in estimating these factors can affect the estimated fair value of the reporting units. Based upon the updated valuations for all of its reporting units, the Firm concluded that the goodwill allocated to its reporting units was not impaired at  December 31, 2017 . The fair values of these reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately 15% or higher and did not indicate a significant risk of goodwill impairment based on current projections and valuations. Such valuations do not reflect the impact of the TCJA that was enacted in December 2017 as such impact would not alter the conclusion that goodwill is not impaired. The projections for all of the Firm’s reporting units are consistent with management’s current short-term business outlook assumptions, and in the longer term, incorporate a set of macroeconomic assumptions and the Firm’s best estimates of long-term growth and returns on equity of its  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   139 Management’s discussion and analysis businesses. Where possible, the Firm uses third-party and peer data to benchmark its assumptions and estimates. Declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in capital requirements, as well as deterioration in economic or market conditions, adverse estimates of regulatory or legislative changes or increases in the estimated market cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of the Firm’s reporting units or their associated goodwill to decline in the future, which could result in a material impairment charge to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill. For additional information on goodwill, see Note  15 . Credit card rewards liability JPMorgan Chase offers credit cards with various reward programs which allow cardholders to earn reward points based on their account activity and the terms and conditions of the rewards program. Generally, there are no limits on the points that an eligible cardholder can earn, nor do they expire, and these points can be redeemed for a variety of rewards, including cash (predominantly in the form of account credits), gift cards and travel. The Firm maintains a rewards liability which represents the estimated cost of reward points earned and expected to be redeemed by cardholders. The rewards liability is sensitive to various assumptions, including cost per point and redemption rates for each of the various reward programs, which are evaluated periodically. The liability is accrued as the cardholder earns the benefit and is reduced when the cardholder redeems points. This liability was $4.9 billion and $3.8 billion at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, and is recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. Income taxes  JPMorgan Chase is subject to the income tax laws of the various jurisdictions in which it operates, including U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. jurisdictions. These laws are often complex and may be subject to different interpretations. To determine the financial statement impact of accounting for income taxes, including the provision for income tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits, JPMorgan Chase must make assumptions and judgments about how to interpret and apply these complex tax laws to numerous transactions and business events, as well as make judgments regarding the timing of when certain items may affect taxable income in the U.S. and non-U.S. tax jurisdictions. JPMorgan Chase’s interpretations of tax laws around the world are subject to review and examination by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where the Firm operates, and disputes may occur regarding its view on a tax position. These disputes over interpretations with the various taxing authorities may be settled by audit, administrative appeals or adjudication in the court systems of the tax jurisdictions in which the Firm operates. JPMorgan Chase regularly reviews whether it may be assessed additional income taxes as a result of the resolution of these matters, and the Firm records additional reserves as appropriate. In addition, the Firm may revise its estimate of income taxes due to changes in income tax    laws, legal interpretations, and business strategies. It is possible that revisions in the Firm’s estimate of income taxes may materially affect the Firm’s results of operations in any reporting period. The Firm’s provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. Deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management’s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. The Firm has also recognized deferred tax assets in connection with certain tax attributes, including NOLs. The Firm performs regular reviews to ascertain whether its deferred tax assets are realizable. These reviews include management’s estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income, which also incorporates various tax planning strategies, including strategies that may be available to utilize NOLs before they expire. In connection with these reviews, if it is determined that a deferred tax asset is not realizable, a valuation allowance is established. The valuation allowance may be reversed in a subsequent reporting period if the Firm determines that, based on revised estimates of future taxable income or changes in tax planning strategies, it is more likely than not that all or part of the deferred tax asset will become realizable. As of  December 31, 2017 , management has determined it is more likely than not that the Firm will realize its deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance. Prior to December 31, 2017, U.S. federal income taxes had not been provided on the undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, to the extent that such earnings had been reinvested abroad for an indefinite period of time.  The Firm  will no longer maintain the indefinite reinvestment assertion on the undistributed earnings of those non-U.S. subsidiaries in light of the enactment of the TCJA. The U.S. federal and state and local income taxes associated with the undistributed and previously untaxed earnings of those non-U.S. subsidiaries was included in the deemed repatriation charge recorded as of December 31, 2017.   The Firm adjusts its unrecognized tax benefits as necessary when additional information becomes available. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. It is possible that the reassessment of JPMorgan Chase’s unrecognized tax benefits may have a material impact on its effective income tax rate in the period in which the reassessment occurs. The income tax expense for the current year includes a reasonable estimate recorded under SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 resulting from the enactment of the TCJA.  For additional information on income taxes, see Note  24 . Litigation reserves  For a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing litigation reserves, see  Note  29 . 140   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING DEVELOPMENTS SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin adopted during 2017           Bulletin   Summary of guidance    Effects on financial statements Application of U.S. GAAP related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) (SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118) Issued December 2017   •   Provides guidance on the accounting for income taxes in the context of the TCJA.   •   For impacts of the tax law changes that are reasonably estimable, requires the recognition of provisional amounts in year-end 2017 financial statements. •   Provides a 1-year measurement period in which to refine previously recorded provisional amounts based on new information or interpretations.    •  The TCJA resulted in a $2.4 billion decrease in net income driven by a deemed repatriation charge and adjustments to the value of the Firm’s tax oriented investments, partially offset by a benefit from the revaluation of the Firm’s net deferred tax liability.  Certain of these amounts may be refined in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118.  •  Refer to Note 24 for additional information related to the impacts of the TCJA.           FASB Standards issued but not adopted as of December 31, 2017           Standard   Summary of guidance    Effects on financial statements Revenue recognition – revenue from contracts with customers Issued May 2014    •  Requires that revenue from contracts with customers be recognized upon transfer of control of a good or service in the amount of consideration expected to be received.  •  Changes the accounting for certain contract costs, including whether they may be offset against revenue in the Consolidated statements of income, and requires additional disclosures about revenue and contract costs.  •  May be adopted using a full retrospective approach or a modified, cumulative effect approach wherein the guidance is applied only to existing contracts as of the date of initial application, and to new contracts transacted after that date.    •  Adopted January 1, 2018.  •  The Firm adopted the revenue recognition guidance using the full retrospective method of adoption.  •  The adoption of the guidance did not result in any material changes in the timing of the Firm’s revenue recognition, but will require gross presentation of certain costs currently offset against revenue. This change in presentation will be reflected in the first quarter of 2018 and will increase both noninterest revenue and noninterest expense for the Firm by $1.1 billion and $900 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The increase is predominantly associated with certain distribution costs in AWM (currently offset against Asset management, administration and commissions), with the remainder of the increase associated with certain underwriting costs in CIB (currently offset against Investment banking fees).   •  The Firm’s Note 6 qualitative disclosures are consistent with the guidance.  Recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities Issued January 2016    •  Requires that certain equity instruments be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.   •   Provides a measurement alternative for equity securities without readily determinable fair values to be measured at cost less impairment (if any), plus or minus observable price changes from an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Any such price changes will be reflected in earnings beginning in the period of adoption.   •   Generally requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the reporting period of adoption, except for those equity securities that are eligible for the measurement alternative.     •  The Firm early adopted the provisions of this guidance related to presenting DVA in OCI for financial liabilities where the fair value option has been elected, effective January 1, 2016. The Firm adopted the portions of the guidance that were not eligible for early adoption on January 1, 2018.  •  Upon adoption, the Firm elected the measurement alternative for its equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values, and the Firm did not record a cumulative-effect adjustment related to the adoption of this guidance.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   141 Management’s discussion and analysis FASB Standards issued but not adopted as of December 31, 2017 (continued)           Standard   Summary of guidance    Effects on financial statements Classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows Issued August 2016    •  Provides targeted amendments to the classification of certain cash flows, including treatment of cash payments for settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments and distributions received from equity method investments.  •  Requires retrospective application to all periods presented.    •  Adopted January 1, 2018.  •  No material impact upon adoption as the Firm was either in compliance with the amendments or the amounts to which it is applied are immaterial. Treatment of restricted cash on the statement of cash flows Issued November 2016    •  Requires inclusion of restricted cash in the cash and cash equivalents balances in the Consolidated statements of cash flows.  •  Requires additional disclosures to supplement the Consolidated statements of cash flows.  •  Requires retrospective application to all periods presented.    •  Adopted January 1, 2018.  •  The adoption of the guidance will result in reclassification of restricted cash balances into Cash and restricted cash on the Consolidated statements of cash flows in the first quarter of 2018. The Firm will include Cash and due from banks and Deposits with banks in Cash and restricted cash in the Consolidated statements of cash flows, resulting in Deposits with banks no longer being reflected in Investing activities.   • In addition, to align with the presentation of Cash and restricted cash on the Consolidated statements of cash flows, the Firm will reclassify restricted cash balances to Cash and due from banks and to Deposits with banks from Other assets and disclose the total for Cash and restricted cash on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets in the first quarter of 2018. Definition of a business Issued January 2017    •  Narrows the definition of a business and clarifies that, to be considered a business, the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) may not be substantially all concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar assets.  •  In addition, in order to be considered a business, a set of activities and assets must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.    •  Adopted January 1, 2018.  •  No impact upon adoption because the guidance is to be applied prospectively. Subsequent to adoption, fewer transactions will be treated as acquisitions or dispositions of a business.  Presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost  Issued March 2017    •  Requires the service cost component of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost to be reported separately in the consolidated results of operations from the other components (e.g., expected return on assets, interest costs, amortization of gains/losses and prior service costs).  •  Requires retrospective application and presentation in the consolidated results of operations of the service cost component in the same line item as other employee compensation costs and presentation of the other components in a different line item from the service cost component.    •  Adopted January 1, 2018.  •  The adoption of the guidance in the first quarter of 2018 will result in an increase in compensation expense and a reduction in other expense of $223 million and $250 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectivel y. Premium amortization on purchased callable debt securities Issued March 2017    •  Requires amortization of premiums to the earliest call date on debt securities with call features that are explicit, noncontingent and callable at fixed prices and on preset dates.  •  Does not impact securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be amortized to the contractual maturity.  •  Requires adoption on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption.    •  The Firm early adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2018.  •  The new guidance primarily impacts obligations of U.S. states and municipalities  held in the Firm’s investment securities portfolio.  •  The adoption of this guidance resulted in a cumulative-effect adjustment that  reduced retained earnings by approximately $505 million as of January 1, 2018, with a corresponding increase of $261 million (after tax) in AOCI and related adjustments to securities and tax liabilities.  •  Subsequent to adoption, although the guidance will reduce the interest income  recognized prior to the earliest call date for callable debt securities held at a premium, the effect of this guidance on the Firm’s net interest income is not expected to be material. 142   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report FASB Standards issued but not adopted as of December 31, 2017 (continued)           Standard   Summary of guidance    Effects on financial statements Hedge accounting Issued August 2017    •  Reduces earnings volatility by better aligning the accounting with the economics of the risk management activities.  •  Expands the ability for certain hedges of interest rate risk to qualify for hedge accounting.  •  Allows recognition of ineffectiveness in cash flow hedges and net investment hedges in OCI.   •  Allows a one-time election at adoption to transfer certain securities classified as held-to-maturity to available-for-sale.  •  Simplifies hedge documentation requirements.    •  The Firm early adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2018.  •  The adoption of the guidance resulted in a cumulative-effect adjustment that increased retained earnings in the amount of $34 million, with related adjustments to debt carrying values and AOCI.  •  The Firm will also amend its qualitative and quantitative disclosures within its derivative instruments note to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the first quarter of 2018.   •  In accordance with the new guidance, the Firm elected to transfer certain securities from HTM to AFS. The amendments provide the Firm with additional hedge accounting alternatives for its AFS securities (including those transferred under the election) to be considered as the Firm manages it structural interest rate risk and regulatory capital.  The Firm is currently evaluating those risk management alternatives and intends to manage the transferred securities in a manner consistent with its existing AFS securities. This transfer is a non-cash transaction at fair value. Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from AOCI  Issued February 2018     • Provides an election to reclassify from AOCI to retained earnings stranded tax effects due to the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of changes in applicable tax rates under the TCJA.    • Requires additional disclosures related to the Firm’s election to reclassify amounts from AOCI to retained earnings and the Firm’s policy for releasing income tax effects from AOCI.  •  The guidance may be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption.   • The Firm early adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2018.  • The adoption of the guidance resulted in a cumulative-effect adjustment that increased retained earnings in the amount of $288 million in the first quarter of 2018. This amount is an estimate that may be refined in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, and represents the removal of the stranded tax effects from AOCI, thereby allowing the tax effects within AOCI to reflect the new respective corporate income tax rates.   •  Refer to Note 24 for additional information related to the impacts of the TCJA.  Leases Issued February 2016    •  Requires lessees to recognize all leases longer than twelve months on the Consolidated balance sheets as lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets.  •  Requires lessees and lessors to classify most leases using principles similar to existing lease accounting, but eliminates the “bright line” classification tests.  •  Permits the Firm to generally account for its existing leases consistent with current guidance, except for the incremental balance sheet recognition.  •  Expands qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding leasing arrangements.  •  May be adopted using a modified cumulative effect approach wherein the guidance is applied only to existing contracts as of the date of initial application, and to new contracts transacted after that date.    •  Required effective date: January 1, 2019. (a)  •  The Firm is in the process of its implementation which has included an initial evaluation of its leasing contracts and activities. As a lessee, the Firm is developing its methodology to estimate the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, which is based on the present value of lease payments. The Firm expects to recognize lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets (at their present value) related to predominantly all of the $10 billion of future minimum payments required under operating leases as disclosed in Note 28. However, the population of contracts subject to balance sheet recognition and their initial measurement remains under evaluation. The Firm does not expect material changes to the recognition of operating lease expense in its Consolidated statements of income.   •  The Firm plans to adopt the new guidance in the first quarter of 2019. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   143 Management’s discussion and analysis FASB Standards issued but not adopted as of December 31, 2017 (continued)           Standard   Summary of guidance    Effects on financial statements Financial instruments – credit losses Issued June 2016    •  Replaces existing incurred loss impairment guidance and establishes a single allowance framework for financial assets carried at amortized cost (including HTM securities), which will reflect management’s estimate of credit losses over the full remaining expected life of the financial assets.  •  Eliminates existing guidance for PCI loans, and requires recognition of an allowance for expected credit losses on financial assets purchased with more than insignificant credit deterioration since origination.   •  Amends existing impairment guidance for AFS securities to incorporate an allowance, which will allow for reversals of impairment losses in the event that the credit of an issuer improves.  •  Requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the reporting period of adoption.    •  Required effective date: January 1, 2020. (a)    •  The Firm has begun its implementation efforts by establishing a Firmwide, cross-discipline governance structure.  The Firm is currently identifying key interpretive issues, and is assessing existing credit loss forecasting models and processes against the new guidance to determine what modifications may be required.   •  The Firm expects that the new guidance will result in an increase in its allowance for credit losses due to several factors, including:  1. The allowance related to the Firm’s loans and commitments will increase to cover credit losses over the full remaining expected life of the portfolio, and will consider expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions  2. The nonaccretable difference on PCI loans will be recognized as an allowance, offset by an increase in the carrying value of the related loans 3. An allowance will be established for estimated credit losses on HTM securities  •  The extent of the increase is under evaluation, but will depend upon the nature and characteristics of the Firm’s portfolio at the adoption date, and the macroeconomic conditions and forecasts at that date. Goodwill Issued January 2017    •  Requires an impairment loss to be recognized when the estimated fair value of a reporting unit falls below its carrying value.  •  Eliminates the second condition in the current guidance that requires an impairment loss to be recognized only if the estimated implied fair value of the goodwill is below its carrying value.    •  Required effective date: January 1, 2020. (a)  •  Based on current impairment test results, the Firm does not expect a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.  •  After adoption, the guidance may result in more frequent goodwill impairment losses due to the removal of the second condition.  •  The Firm is evaluating the timing of adoption. (a) Early adoption is permitted. 144   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  From time to time, the Firm has made and will make forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipate,” “target,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “goal,” “believe,” or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide JPMorgan Chase’s current expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. JPMorgan Chase’s disclosures in this Annual Report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Firm also may make forward-looking statements in its other documents filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, the Firm’s senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others. All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Firm’s control. JPMorgan Chase’s actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in its forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements: • Local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events; • Changes in laws and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements affecting the Firm’s businesses, and the ability of the Firm to address those requirements; • Heightened regulatory and governmental oversight and scrutiny of JPMorgan Chase’s business practices, including dealings with retail customers; • Changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; • Changes in income tax laws and regulations; • Securities and capital markets behavior, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; • Changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behavior; • Ability of the Firm to manage effectively its capital and liquidity, including approval of its capital plans by banking regulators; • Changes in credit ratings assigned to the Firm or its subsidiaries; • Damage to the Firm’s reputation; • Ability of the Firm to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic or market disruption; • Technology changes instituted by the Firm, its counterparties or competitors; • The success of the Firm’s business simplification initiatives and the effectiveness of its control agenda;   • Ability of the Firm to develop new products and services, and the extent to which products or services previously sold by the Firm (including but not limited to mortgages and asset-backed securities) require the Firm to incur liabilities or absorb losses not contemplated at their initiation or origination; • Acceptance of the Firm’s new and existing products and services by the marketplace and the ability of the Firm to innovate and to increase market share; • Ability of the Firm to attract and retain qualified employees; • Ability of the Firm to control expenses; • Competitive pressures; • Changes in the credit quality of the Firm’s customers and counterparties; • Adequacy of the Firm’s risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; • Adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; • Changes in applicable accounting policies, including the introduction of new accounting standards; • Ability of the Firm to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; • Occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities or conflicts and the Firm’s ability to deal effectively with disruptions caused by the foregoing; • Ability of the Firm to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data processing and other operational systems and facilities; • Ability of the Firm to withstand disruptions that may be caused by any failure of its operational systems or those of third parties; • Ability of the Firm to effectively defend itself against cyberattacks and other attempts by unauthorized parties to access information of the Firm or its customers or to disrupt the Firm’s systems; and • The other risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors in the Firm’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Firm speak only as of the date they are made, and JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. The reader should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature the Firm may make in any subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, or Current Reports on Form 8-K. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   145 Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting Management of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“ JPMorgan Chase ” or the “Firm”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Firm’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by  JPMorgan Chase ’s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. JPMorgan Chase ’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Firm’s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Firm are being made only in accordance with authorizations of  JPMorgan Chase ’s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Firm’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 . In making the assessment, management used the “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (“COSO 2013”) promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”).   Based upon the assessment performed, management concluded that as of  December 31, 2017 ,  JPMorgan Chase ’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based upon the COSO 2013 framework. Additionally, based upon management’s assessment, the Firm determined that there were no material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 . The effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 , has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. James Dimon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marianne Lake Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 27, 2018   146   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Report of independent registered public accounting firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries (the “Firm”) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).  We also have audited the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Firm as of     December 31, 2017  and 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2017   in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Firm maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2017 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the COSO.  Basis for Opinions The Firm’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting.  Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Firm’s consolidated financial statements and on the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Firm in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.   Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. February 27, 2018 We have served as the Firm’s auditor since 1965.  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP   Ÿ   300 Madison Avenue   Ÿ   New York, NY 10017 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   147 Consolidated statements of income Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2017   2016   2015 Revenue           Investment banking fees $ 7,248   $ 6,448   $ 6,751 Principal transactions 11,347   11,566   10,408 Lending- and deposit-related fees 5,933   5,774   5,694 Asset management, administration and commissions 15,377   14,591   15,509 Securities gains/(losses) (66 )   141   202 Mortgage fees and related income 1,616   2,491   2,513 Card income 4,433   4,779   5,924 Other income 3,639   3,795   3,032 Noninterest revenue 49,527   49,585   50,033 Interest income 64,372   55,901   50,973 Interest expense 14,275   9,818   7,463 Net interest income 50,097   46,083   43,510 Total net revenue 99,624   95,668   93,543             Provision for credit losses 5,290   5,361   3,827             Noninterest expense           Compensation expense 31,009   29,979   29,750 Occupancy expense 3,723   3,638   3,768 Technology, communications and equipment expense 7,706   6,846   6,193 Professional and outside services 6,840   6,655   7,002 Marketing 2,900   2,897   2,708 Other expense 6,256   5,756   9,593 Total noninterest expense 58,434   55,771   59,014 Income before income tax expense 35,900   34,536   30,702 Income tax expense 11,459   9,803   6,260 Net income $ 24,441   $ 24,733   $ 24,442 Net income applicable to common stockholders (a) $ 22,567   $ 22,834   $ 22,651 Net income per common share data           Basic earnings per share $ 6.35   $ 6.24   $ 6.05 Diluted earnings per share 6.31   6.19   6.00             Weighted-average basic shares (a) 3,551.6   3,658.8   3,741.2 Weighted-average diluted shares (a) 3,576.8   3,690.0   3,773.6 Cash dividends declared per common share $ 2.12   $ 1.88   $ 1.72 (a) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. The revision had no impact on the Firm’s reported earnings per share. The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 148   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Consolidated statements of comprehensive income Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Net income   $ 24,441   $ 24,733   $ 24,442 Other comprehensive income/(loss), after–tax             Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities   640   (1,105 )   (2,144 ) Translation adjustments, net of hedges   (306 )   (2 )   (15 ) Cash flow hedges   176   (56 )   51 Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans   738   (28 )   111 DVA on fair value option elected liabilities   (192 )   (330 )   — Total other comprehensive income/(loss), after–tax   1,056   (1,521 )   (1,997 ) Comprehensive income   $ 25,497   $ 23,212   $ 22,445 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   149 Consolidated balance sheets December 31, (in millions, except share data) 2017   2016 Assets       Cash and due from banks $ 25,827   $ 23,873 Deposits with banks 404,294   365,762 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (included  $14,732  and $21,506 at fair value) 198,422   229,967 Securities borrowed (included  $3,049  and $0 at fair value) 105,112   96,409 Trading assets (included assets pledged of  $110,061  and $115,847) 381,844   372,130 Securities (included  $202,225  and $238,891 at fair value and assets pledged of  $17,969  and $16,115) 249,958   289,059 Loans (included  $2,508  and $2,230 at fair value) 930,697   894,765 Allowance for loan losses (13,604 )   (13,776 ) Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 917,093   880,989 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 67,729   52,330 Premises and equipment 14,159   14,131 Goodwill, MSRs and other intangible assets 54,392   54,246 Other assets (included  $16,128  and $7,557 at fair value and assets pledged of  $1,526  and $1,603) 114,770   112,076 Total assets (a) $ 2,533,600   $ 2,490,972 Liabilities       Deposits (included  $21,321  and $13,912 at fair value) $ 1,443,982   $ 1,375,179 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements (included  $697  and $687   at fair value) 158,916   165,666 Short-term borrowings (included  $9,191  and $9,105 at fair value) 51,802   34,443 Trading liabilities 123,663   136,659 Accounts payable and other liabilities (included  $9,208  and $9,120 at fair value) 189,383   190,543 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs (included  $45  and $120 at fair value) 26,081   39,047 Long-term debt (included  $47,519  and $37,686   at fair value) 284,080   295,245 Total liabilities (a) 2,277,907   2,236,782 Commitments and contingencies (see Notes 27, 28 and 29)   Stockholders’ equity       Preferred stock ($1 par value; authorized   200,000,000 shares: issued  2,606,750  shares) 26,068   26,068 Common stock ($1 par value; authorized 9,000,000,000 shares; issued  4,104,933,895  shares) 4,105   4,105 Additional paid-in capital 90,579   91,627 Retained earnings 177,676   162,440 Accumulated other comprehensive income (119 )   (1,175 ) Shares held in restricted stock units (“RSU”) trust, at cost ( 472,953  shares) (21 )   (21 ) Treasury stock, at cost (679,635,064   and 543,744,003 shares) (42,595 )   (28,854 ) Total stockholders’ equity 255,693   254,190 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 2,533,600   $ 2,490,972 (a) The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs that are consolidated by the Firm at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . The difference between total VIE assets and liabilities represents the Firm’s interests in those entities, which were eliminated in consolidation. December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016 Assets       Trading assets $ 1,449   $ 3,185 Loans 68,995   75,614 All other assets 2,674   3,321 Total assets $ 73,118   $ 82,120 Liabilities       Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs $ 26,081   $ 39,047 All other liabilities 349   490 Total liabilities $ 26,430   $ 39,537 The assets of the consolidated VIEs are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The holders of the beneficial interests do not have recourse to the general credit of JPMorgan Chase. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm provided limited program-wide credit enhancement of  $2.7 billion  and  $2.4 billion , respectively, related to its Firm-administered multi-seller conduits, which are eliminated in consolidation. For further discussion, see Note  14 . The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 150   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data)   2017 2016   2015 Preferred stock             Balance at January 1   $ 26,068   $ 26,068   $ 20,063 Issuance    1,258   —   6,005 Redemption    (1,258 )   —   — Balance at December 31   26,068   26,068   26,068 Common stock             Balance at January 1 and December 31   4,105   4,105   4,105 Additional paid-in capital             Balance at January 1   91,627   92,500   93,270 Shares issued and commitments to issue common stock for employee share-based compensation awards   (734 )   (334 )   (436 ) Other   (314 )   (539 )   (334 ) Balance at December 31   90,579   91,627   92,500 Retained earnings             Balance at January 1   162,440   146,420   129,977 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   (154 )   — Net income   24,441   24,733   24,442 Dividends declared:             Preferred stock   (1,663 )   (1,647 )   (1,515 ) Common stock ( $2.12 , $1.88 and $1.72 per share for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively)   (7,542 )   (6,912 )   (6,484 ) Balance at December 31   177,676   162,440   146,420 Accumulated other comprehensive income             Balance at January 1   (1,175 )   192   2,189 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle   —   154   — Other comprehensive income/(loss)   1,056   (1,521 )   (1,997 ) Balance at December 31   (119 )   (1,175 )   192 Shares held in RSU Trust, at cost             Balance at January 1 and December 31   (21 )   (21 )   (21 ) Treasury stock, at cost             Balance at January 1   (28,854 )   (21,691 )   (17,856 ) Repurchase   (15,410 )   (9,082 )   (5,616 ) Reissuance   1,669   1,919   1,781 Balance at December 31   (42,595 )   (28,854 )   (21,691 ) Total stockholders ’  equity   $ 255,693   $ 254,190   $ 247,573 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   151 Consolidated statements of cash flows Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Operating activities           Net income $ 24,441   $ 24,733   $ 24,442 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities:           Provision for credit losses 5,290   5,361   3,827 Depreciation and amortization 6,179   5,478   4,940 Deferred tax expense 2,312   4,651   1,333 Other 2,136   1,799   1,785 Originations and purchases of loans held-for-sale (94,628 )   (61,107 )   (48,109 ) Proceeds from sales, securitizations and paydowns of loans held-for-sale 93,270   60,196   49,363 Net change in:           Trading assets 5,673   (20,007 )   62,212 Securities borrowed (8,653 )   2,313   12,165 Accrued interest and accounts receivable (15,868 )   (5,815 )   22,664 Other assets 4,318   (4,517 )   (3,701 ) Trading liabilities (26,256 )   5,198   (28,972 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities (8,518 )   3,740   (23,361 ) Other operating adjustments 7,803   (1,827 )   (5,122 ) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (2,501 )   20,196   73,466 Investing activities           Net change in:           Deposits with banks (38,532 )   (25,747 )   144,462 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 31,448   (17,468 )   3,190 Held-to-maturity securities:           Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 4,563   6,218   6,099 Purchases (2,349 )   (143 )   (6,204 ) Available-for-sale securities:           Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 56,117   65,950   76,448 Proceeds from sales 90,201   48,592   40,444 Purchases (105,309 )   (123,959 )   (70,804 ) Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans held-for-investment 15,791   15,429   18,604 Other changes in loans, net (61,650 )   (80,996 )   (108,962 ) All other investing activities, net (563 )   (2,825 )   3,703 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (10,283 )   (114,949 )   106,980 Financing activities           Net change in:           Deposits 57,022   97,336   (88,678 ) Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements (6,739 )   13,007   (39,415 ) Short-term borrowings 16,540   (2,461 )   (57,828 ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs (1,377 )   (5,707 )   (5,632 ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings 56,271   83,070   79,611 Payments of long-term borrowings (83,079 )   (68,949 )   (67,247 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 1,258   —   5,893 Redemption of preferred stock (1,258 )   —   — Treasury stock repurchased (15,410 )   (9,082 )   (5,616 ) Dividends paid (8,993 )   (8,476 )   (7,873 ) All other financing activities, net 407   (467 )   (726 ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 14,642   98,271   (187,511 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and due from banks 96   (135 )   (276 ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks 1,954   3,383   (7,341 ) Cash and due from banks at the beginning of the period 23,873   20,490   27,831 Cash and due from banks at the end of the period $ 25,827   $ 23,873   $ 20,490 Cash interest paid $ 14,153   $ 9,508   $ 7,220 Cash income taxes paid, net 4,325   2,405   9,423 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 152   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 1 – Basis of presentation  JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“ JPMorgan Chase ” or the “Firm”), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the U.S., with operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. For a discussion of the Firm’s business segments, see Note  31 . The accounting and financial reporting policies of   JPMorgan Chase   and its subsidiaries conform to  U.S. GAAP.  Additionally, where applicable, the policies conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by regulatory authorities. Certain amounts reported in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.   Consolidation     The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of  JPMorgan Chase  and other entities in which  the Firm  has a controlling financial interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Assets held for clients in an agency or fiduciary capacity by  the Firm  are not assets of  JPMorgan Chase  and are not included on the Consolidated balance sheets. The Firm  determines whether it has a controlling financial interest in an entity by first evaluating whether the entity is a voting interest entity or a variable interest entity.   Voting Interest Entities Voting interest entities are entities that have sufficient equity and provide the equity investors voting rights that enable them to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations. For these types of entities,  the Firm’s  determination of whether it has a controlling interest is primarily based on the amount of voting equity interests held. Entities in which  the Firm  has a controlling financial interest, through ownership of the majority of the entities’ voting equity interests, or through other contractual rights that give  the Firm  control, are consolidated by  the Firm. Investments in companies in which  the Firm  has significant influence over operating and financing decisions (but does not own a majority of the voting equity interests) are accounted for (i) in accordance with the equity method of accounting (which requires  the Firm  to recognize its proportionate share of the entity’s net earnings), or (ii) at fair value if the fair value option was elected. These investments are generally included in other assets, with income or loss included in other income. Certain  Firm -sponsored asset management funds are structured as limited partnerships or certain limited liability companies. For many of these entities,  the Firm is the  general partner or managing member, but the non-affiliated partners or members have the ability to remove  the Firm  as the general partner or managing member without cause    (i.e., kick-out rights), based on a simple majority vote, or the non-affiliated partners or members have rights to participate in important decisions. Accordingly,  the Firm  does not consolidate these voting interest entities. However, in the limited cases where the non-managing partners or members do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights,  the Firm  evaluates the funds as VIEs and consolidates if it is the general partner or managing member and has a potentially significant interest.   The Firm’s  investment companies have investments in both publicly-held and privately-held entities , including investments in buyouts, growth equity and venture opportunities.  These investments are accounted for under investment company guidelines and accordingly, irrespective of the percentage of equity ownership interests held, are carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value, and are recorded in other assets, with income or loss included in noninterest revenue. Variable Interest Entities   VIEs are entities that, by design, either (1) lack sufficient equity to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (2) have equity investors that do not have the ability to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations through voting rights, or do not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses, or do not have the right to receive the residual returns of the entity. The most common type of VIE is a n SPE.  SPEs are commonly used in securitization transactions in order to isolate certain assets and distribute the cash flows from those assets to investors. The basic SPE structure involves a company selling assets to the SPE; the SPE funds the purchase of those assets by issuing securities to investors. The legal documents that govern the transaction specify how the cash earned on the assets must be allocated to the SPE’s investors and other parties that have rights to those cash flows. SPEs are generally structured to insulate investors from claims on the SPE’s assets by creditors of other entities, including the creditors of the seller of the assets.   The primary beneficiary of a VIE (i.e., the party that has a controlling financial interest) is required to consolidate the assets and liabilities of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is the party that has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance; and (2) through its interests in the VIE, the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. To assess whether  the Firm  has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance,  the Firm  considers all the facts and circumstances, including its role in establishing the VIE and its ongoing rights and responsibilities. This assessment includes, first, identifying the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance; and  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   153 Notes to consolidated financial statements second, identifying which party, if any, has power over those activities. In general, the parties that make the most significant decisions affecting the VIE (such as asset managers, collateral managers, servicers, or owners of call options or liquidation rights over the VIE’s assets) or have the right to unilaterally remove those decision-makers are deemed to have the power to direct the activities of a VIE. To assess whether  the Firm  has the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE,  the Firm  considers all of its economic interests, including debt and equity investments, servicing fees, and derivatives or other arrangements deemed to be variable interests in the VIE. This assessment requires that  the Firm  apply judgment in determining whether these interests, in the aggregate, are considered potentially significant to the VIE. Factors considered in assessing significance include: the design of the VIE, including its capitalization structure; subordination of interests; payment priority; relative share of interests held across various classes within the VIE’s capital structure; and the reasons why the interests are held by  the Firm. The Firm  performs on-going reassessments of: (1) whether entities previously evaluated under the majority voting-interest framework have become VIEs, based on certain events, and are therefore subject to the VIE consolidation framework; and (2) whether changes in the facts and circumstances regarding  the Firm’s  involvement with a VIE cause  the Firm’s  consolidation conclusion to change. Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated financial statements The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expense, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could be different from these estimates. Foreign currency translation JPMorgan Chase  revalues assets, liabilities, revenue and expense denominated in non-U.S. currencies into U.S. dollars using applicable exchange rates. Gains and losses relating to translating functional currency financial statements for U.S. reporting are included in  OCI within stockholders’  equity. Gains and losses relating to nonfunctional currency transactions, including non-U.S. operations where the functional currency is the U.S. dollar, are reported in the Consolidated statements of income. Offsetting assets and liabilities U.S. GAAP permits entities to present derivative receivables and derivative payables with the same counterparty and the related cash collateral receivables and payables on a net basis on the Consolidated balance sheets when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. U.S. GAAP also permits securities sold and purchased under repurchase agreements and securities borrowed or loaned    under securities loan agreements to be presented net when specified conditions are met, including the existence of a legally enforceable master netting agreement.  The Firm  has elected to net such balances when the specified conditions are met. The Firm  uses master netting agreements   to mitigate counterparty credit risk in certain transactions, including derivative, securities repurchase and reverse repurchase, and securities loaned and borrow transactions. A master netting agreement is a single agreement with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that agreement to be terminated or accelerated and settled through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default (e.g., bankruptcy, failure to make a required payment or securities transfer or deliver collateral or margin when due). Upon the exercise of derivatives termination rights by the non-defaulting party (i) all transactions are terminated, (ii) all transactions are valued and the positive values of “in the money” transactions are netted against the negative values of “out of the money” transactions and (iii) the only remaining payment obligation is of one of the parties to pay the netted termination amount. Upon exercise of default rights under repurchase agreements and securities loan agreements in general (i) all transactions are terminated and accelerated, (ii) all values of securities or cash held or to be delivered are calculated, and all such sums are netted against each other and (iii) the only remaining payment obligation is of one of the parties to pay the netted termination amount. Typical master netting agreements for these types of transactions also often contain a collateral/margin agreement that provides for a security interest in, or title transfer of, securities or cash collateral/margin to the party that has the right to demand margin (the “demanding party”). The collateral/margin agreement typically requires a party to transfer collateral/margin to the demanding party with a value equal to the amount of the margin deficit on a net basis across all transactions governed by the master netting agreement, less any threshold. The collateral/margin agreement grants to the demanding party, upon default by the counterparty, the right to set-off any amounts payable by the counterparty against any posted collateral or the cash equivalent of any posted collateral/margin. It also grants to the demanding party the right to liquidate collateral/margin and to apply the proceeds to an amount payable by the counterparty. For further discussion of  the Firm’s  derivative instruments, see Note   5 .  For further discussion of  the Firm’s  repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending agreements, see Note   11 . Statements of cash flows For  JPMorgan Chase’s  Consolidated statements of cash flows, cash is defined as those amounts included in cash and due from banks. 154   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Significant accounting policies The following table identifies  JPMorgan Chase’s  other significant accounting policies and the Note and page where a detailed description of each policy can be found. Fair value measurement Note 2   Page 155 Fair value option Note 3   Page 174 Derivative instruments Note 5   Page 179 Noninterest revenue Note 6   Page 192 Interest income and interest expense Note 7   Page 195 Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans Note 8   Page 195 Employee share-based incentives Note 9   Page 201 Securities Note 10   Page 203 Securities financing activities Note 11   Page 208 Loans Note 12   Page 211 Allowance for credit losses Note 13   Page 231 Variable interest entities Note 14   Page 236 Goodwill and Mortgage servicing rights Note 15   page 244 Premises and equipment Note 16   page 248 Long-term debt Note 19   page 249 Income taxes Note 24   page 255 Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments Note 27   page 261 Litigation Note 29   page 268 Note 2 – Fair value measurement  JPMorgan Chase  carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. These assets and liabilities are predominantly carried at fair value on a recurring basis (i.e., assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at fair value on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets). Certain assets (e.g., held-for-sale loans), liabilities and unfunded lending-related commitments are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, they are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is based on quoted market prices or inputs, where available. If prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based on valuation models and other valuation techniques that consider relevant transaction characteristics (such as maturity) and use as inputs observable or unobservable market parameters, including  yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, equity or debt prices, foreign exchange rates and credit curves. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value, as described below.   The level of precision in estimating unobservable market inputs or other factors can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. Furthermore, while  the Firm  believes its valuation methods are appropriate and    consistent with those of other market participants, the methods and assumptions used reflect management judgment and may vary across  the Firm’s  businesses and portfolios.   The Firm  uses various methodologies and assumptions in the determination of fair value. The use of different methodologies or assumptions by other market participants compared with those used by  the Firm  could result in  the Firm  deriving a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.   Valuation process   Risk-taking functions are responsible for providing fair value estimates for assets and liabilities carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value.   The Firm’s   VCG ,  which is part of  the Firm’s  Finance function and independent of the risk-taking functions, is responsible for verifying these estimates and determining any fair value adjustments that may be required to ensure that   the Firm’s   positions are recorded at fair value.  The  VGF   is composed of senior finance and risk executives and is responsible for overseeing the management of risks arising from valuation activities conducted across   the Firm.   The VGF is chaired by the Firmwide head of the VCG (under the direction of   the Firm’s Controller), and includes sub-forums covering the CIB, CCB, CB, AWM and certain corporate functions including Treasury and CIO.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   155 Notes to consolidated financial statements Price verification process   The VCG verifies fair value estimates provided by the risk-taking functions by leveraging independently derived prices, valuation inputs and other market data, where available. Where independent prices or inputs are not available, the VCG performs additional review to ensure the reasonableness of the estimates. The additional review may include evaluating the limited market activity including client unwinds, benchmarking valuation inputs to those used for similar instruments, decomposing the valuation of structured instruments into individual components, comparing expected to actual cash flows, reviewing profit and loss trends, and reviewing trends in collateral valuation. There are also additional levels of management review for more significant or complex positions. The VCG determines any valuation adjustments that may be required to the estimates provided by the risk-taking functions. No adjustments to quoted prices are applied for instruments classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (see below for further information on the fair value hierarchy). For other positions, judgment is required to assess the need for valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect liquidity considerations, unobservable parameters, and, for certain portfolios that meet specified criteria, the size of the net open risk position. The determination of such adjustments follows a consistent framework across  the Firm: • Liquidity valuation adjustments are considered where an observable external price or valuation parameter exists but is of lower reliability, potentially due to lower market activity. Liquidity valuation adjustments are applied and determined based on current market conditions. Factors that may be considered in determining the liquidity adjustment include analysis of: (1) the estimated bid-offer spread for the instrument being traded; (2) alternative pricing points for similar instruments in active markets; and (3) the range of reasonable values that the price or parameter could take.   • The Firm   manages certain portfolios of financial instruments on the basis of net open risk exposure and, as permitted by U.S. GAAP, has elected to estimate the fair value of such portfolios on the basis of a transfer of the entire net open risk position in an orderly transaction. Where this is the case, valuation adjustments may be necessary to reflect the cost of exiting a larger-than-normal market-size net open risk position. Where applied, such adjustments are based on factors that a relevant market participant would consider in the transfer of the net open risk position, including the size of the adverse market move that is likely to occur during the period required to reduce the net open risk position to a normal market-size. • Unobservable parameter valuation adjustments may be made when positions are valued using prices or input parameters to valuation models that are unobservable due to a lack of market activity or because they cannot be implied from observable market data. Such prices or parameters must be estimated and are, therefore, subject to management judgment. Unobservable    parameter valuation adjustments are applied to reflect the uncertainty inherent in the resulting valuation estimate.   • Where appropriate,   the Firm   also applies adjustments to its estimates of fair value in order to appropriately reflect counterparty credit quality   (CVA), the Firm’s   own creditworthiness   (DVA)   and the impact of funding  ( FVA ),  using a consistent framework across   the Firm.  For more information on such adjustments see Credit and funding adjustments on  page 171  of this Note. Valuation model review and approval   If prices or quotes are not available for an instrument or a similar instrument, fair value is generally determined using valuation models that consider relevant transaction data such as maturity and use as inputs market-based or independently sourced parameters. Where this is the case the price verification process described above is applied to the inputs to those models.   Under   the Firm’s   Estimations and Model Risk Management Policy, the Model Risk function reviews and approves new models, as well as material changes to existing models, prior to implementation in the operating environment. In certain circumstances, the head of the Model Risk function may grant exceptions to   the Firm’s   policy to allow a model to be used prior to review or approval. The Model Risk function may also require the user to take appropriate actions to mitigate the model risk if it is to be used in the interim. These actions will depend on the model and may include, for example, limitation of trading activity.   Valuation hierarchy   A three-level valuation hierarchy has been established under U.S. GAAP for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows.   • Level 1 – inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   • Level 2 – inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. • Level 3 – one or more inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.   A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 156   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table describes the valuation methodologies generally used by  the Firm  to measure its significant products/instruments at fair value, including the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.     Product/instrument  Valuation methodology Classifications in the valuation hierarchy   Securities financing agreements Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Predominantly level 2   •  Derivative features: for further information refer to the discussion of derivatives below.   •  Market rates for the respective maturity   •  Collateral characteristics   Loans and lending-related commitments — wholesale     Loans carried at fair value (e.g., trading loans and non-trading loans) and associated lending-related commitments Where observable market data is available, valuations are based on: Level 2 or 3   •  Observed market prices (circumstances are infrequent)     •  Relevant broker quotes       •  Observed market prices for similar instruments       Where observable market data is unavailable or limited, valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider the following:       •  Credit spreads derived from the cost of CDS; or benchmark credit curves developed by the Firm, by industry and credit rating       •  Prepayment speed       •  Collateral characteristics     Loans held-for-investment and associated lending-related commitments Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Predominantly level 3   •  Credit spreads, derived from the cost of CDS; or benchmark credit curves developed by the Firm, by industry and credit rating         •  Prepayment speed       Lending-related commitments are valued similarly to loans and reflect the portion of an unused commitment expected, based on the Firm’s average portfolio historical experience, to become funded prior to an obligor default.                   For information regarding the valuation of loans measured at collateral value, see Note 12.           Loans — consumer       Held-for-investment consumer loans, excluding credit card Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Predominantly level 2    •  Credit losses – which consider expected and current default rates, and loss severity         •   Prepayment speed       •   Discount rates       •  Servicing costs       For information regarding the valuation of loans measured at collateral value, see Note 12.           Held-for-investment credit card receivables Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Level 3    •  Credit costs - the allowance for loan losses is considered a reasonable proxy for the credit cost          •  Projected interest income, late-fee revenue and loan repayment rates     •  Discount rates       •  Servicing costs     Trading loans — conforming residential mortgage loans expected to be sold (CCB, CIB) Fair value is based on observable prices for mortgage-backed securities with similar collateral and incorporates adjustments to these prices to account for differences between the securities and the value of the underlying loans, which include credit characteristics, portfolio composition, and liquidity. Predominantly level 2             JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   157 Notes to consolidated financial statements Product/instrument Valuation methodology, inputs and assumptions Classifications in the valuation hierarchy Investment and trading securities Quoted market prices are used where available. Level 1   In the absence of quoted market prices, securities are valued based on: Level 2 or 3   •  Observable market prices for similar securities     •   Relevant broker quotes     •   Discounted cash flows     In addition, the following inputs to discounted cash flows are used for the following products:     Mortgage- and asset-backed securities specific inputs:     •   Collateral characteristics     •  Deal-specific payment and loss allocations     •  Current market assumptions related to yield, prepayment speed, conditional default rates and loss severity     Collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”) specific inputs:     •   Collateral characteristics     •   Deal-specific payment and loss allocations     •   Expected prepayment speed, conditional default rates, loss severity     •   Credit spreads     •  Credit rating data   Physical commodities Valued using observable market prices or data. Predominantly level 1 and 2 Derivatives Exchange-traded derivatives that are actively traded and valued using the exchange price. Level 1   Derivatives that are valued using models such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model, simulation models, or a combination of models that may use observable or unobservable valuation inputs as well as considering the contractual terms. The key valuation inputs used will depend on the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instruments and may include equity prices, commodity prices, interest rate yield curves, foreign exchange rates, volatilities, correlations, CDS spreads and recovery rates.  Additionally, the credit quality of the counterparty and of the Firm as well as market funding levels may also be considered. Level 2 or 3   In addition, specific inputs used for derivatives that are valued based on models with significant unobservable inputs are as follows:     Structured credit derivatives specific inputs include:     •   CDS spreads and recovery rates     •   Credit correlation between the underlying debt instruments     Equity option specific inputs include:     •   Equity volatilities     •   Equity correlation     •   Equity-FX correlation     •   Equity-IR correlation     Interest rate and FX exotic options specific inputs include:     •   Interest rate spread volatility     •   Interest rate correlation     •   Foreign exchange correlation     •   Interest rate-FX correlation     Commodity derivatives specific inputs include:     •   Commodity volatility     •   Forward commodity price     Additionally, adjustments are made to reflect counterparty credit quality (CVA) and the impact of funding (FVA). See page 171 of this Note.               158   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   Product/instrument Valuation methodology, inputs and assumptions Classification in the valuation hierarchy   Mortgage servicing rights See Mortgage servicing rights in Note 15. Level 3       Private equity direct investments Fair value is estimated using all available information; the range of potential inputs include: Level 2 or 3   •  Transaction prices     •  Trading multiples of comparable public companies       •  Operating performance of the underlying portfolio company       •  Adjustments as required, since comparable public companies are not identical to the company being valued, and for company-specific issues and lack of liquidity.       •  Additional available inputs relevant to the investment.     Fund investments (e.g., mutual/collective investment funds, private equity funds, hedge funds, and real estate funds) Net asset value     •  NAV is supported by the ability to redeem and purchase at the NAV level. Level 1       •  Adjustments to the NAV as required, for restrictions on redemption (e.g., lock-up periods or withdrawal limitations) or where observable activity is limited. Level 2 or 3 (a)         Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs Valued using observable market information, where available. Level 2 or 3   In the absence of observable market information, valuations are based on the fair value of the underlying assets held by the VIE.     Long-term debt, not carried at fair value Valuations are based on discounted cash flows, which consider: Predominantly level 2    •   Market rates for respective maturity   Structured notes (included in deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term debt) •  Valuations are based on discounted cash flow analyses that consider the embedded derivative and the terms and payment structure of the note. •  The embedded derivative features are considered using models such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model, simulation models, or a combination of models that may use observable or unobservable valuation inputs, depending on the embedded derivative. The specific inputs used vary according to the nature of the embedded derivative features, as described in the discussion above regarding derivatives valuation. Adjustments are then made to this base valuation to reflect the Firm’s own credit risk (DVA). See page 171 of this Note. Level 2 or 3         (a) Excludes certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   159 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table presents the assets and liabilities reported at fair value as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  by major product category and fair value hierarchy. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis             Fair value hierarchy       December 31, 2017 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2   Level 3   Derivative netting adjustments Total fair value Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements $ — $ 14,732   $ —   $ — $ 14,732 Securities borrowed — 3,049   —   — 3,049 Trading assets:               Debt instruments:               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies (a) — 41,515   307   — 41,822 Residential – nonagency — 1,835   60   — 1,895 Commercial – nonagency — 1,645   11   — 1,656 Total mortgage-backed securities — 44,995   378   — 45,373 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 30,758 6,475   1   — 37,234 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 9,067   744   — 9,811 Certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and commercial paper — 226   —   — 226 Non-U.S. government debt securities 28,887 28,831   78   — 57,796 Corporate debt securities — 24,146   312   — 24,458 Loans (b) — 35,242   2,719   — 37,961 Asset-backed securities — 3,284   153   — 3,437 Total debt instruments 59,645 152,266   4,385   — 216,296 Equity securities 87,346 197   295   — 87,838 Physical commodities (c) 4,924 1,322   —   — 6,246 Other — 14,197   690   — 14,887 Total debt and equity instruments (d) 151,915 167,982   5,370   — 325,267 Derivative receivables:               Interest rate 181 314,107   1,704   (291,319 ) 24,673 Credit — 21,995   1,209   (22,335 ) 869 Foreign exchange 841 158,834   557   (144,081 ) 16,151 Equity — 37,722   2,318   (32,158 ) 7,882 Commodity — 19,875   210   (13,137 ) 6,948 Total derivative receivables (e)(f) 1,022 552,533   5,998   (503,030 ) 56,523 Total trading assets (g) 152,937 720,515   11,368   (503,030 ) 381,790 Available-for-sale securities:               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies (a) — 70,280   —   — 70,280 Residential – nonagency — 11,366   1   — 11,367 Commercial – nonagency — 5,025   —   — 5,025 Total mortgage-backed securities — 86,671   1   — 86,672 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 22,745 —   —   — 22,745 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 32,338   —   — 32,338 Certificates of deposit — 59   —   — 59 Non-U.S. government debt securities 18,140 9,154   —   — 27,294 Corporate debt securities — 2,757   —   — 2,757 Asset-backed securities:               Collateralized loan obligations — 20,720   276   — 20,996 Other — 8,817   —   — 8,817 Equity securities 547 —   —   — 547 Total available-for-sale securities 41,432 160,516   277   — 202,225 Loans — 2,232   276   — 2,508 Mortgage servicing rights — —   6,030   — 6,030 Other assets (g) 13,795 343   1,265   — 15,403 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 208,164 $ 901,387   $ 19,216   $ (503,030 ) $ 625,737 Deposits $ — $ 17,179   $ 4,142   $ — $ 21,321 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements — 697   —   — 697 Short-term borrowings — 7,526   1,665   — 9,191 Trading liabilities:             Debt and equity instruments (d) 64,664 21,183   39   — 85,886 Derivative payables:             Interest rate 170 282,825   1,440   (277,306 ) 7,129 Credit — 22,009   1,244   (21,954 ) 1,299 Foreign exchange 794 154,075   953   (143,349 ) 12,473 Equity — 39,668   5,727   (36,203 ) 9,192 Commodity — 21,017   884   (14,217 ) 7,684 Total derivative payables (e)(f) 964 519,594   10,248   (493,029 ) 37,777 Total trading liabilities 65,628 540,777   10,287   (493,029 ) 123,663 Accounts payable and other liabilities 9,074 121   13   — 9,208 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs — 6   39   — 45 Long-term debt — 31,394   16,125   — 47,519 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 74,702 $ 597,700   $ 32,271   $ (493,029 ) $ 211,644 160   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   Fair value hierarchy         December 31, 2016 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2   Level 3   Derivative netting adjustments   Total fair value Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements $ — $ 21,506   $ —   $ —   $ 21,506 Securities borrowed — —   —   —   — Trading assets:                 Debt instruments:                 Mortgage-backed securities:                 U.S. government agencies (a) 13 40,586   392   —   40,991 Residential – nonagency — 1,552   83   —   1,635 Commercial – nonagency — 1,321   17   —   1,338 Total mortgage-backed securities 13 43,459   492   —   43,964 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 19,554 5,201   —   —   24,755 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 8,403   649   —   9,052 Certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and commercial paper — 1,649   —   —   1,649 Non-U.S. government debt securities 28,443 23,076   46   —   51,565 Corporate debt securities — 22,751   576   —   23,327 Loans (b) — 28,965   4,837   —   33,802 Asset-backed securities — 5,250   302   —   5,552 Total debt instruments 48,010 138,754   6,902   —   193,666 Equity securities 96,759 281   231   —   97,271 Physical commodities (c) 5,341 1,620   —   —   6,961 Other — 9,341   761   —   10,102 Total debt and equity instruments (d) 150,110 149,996   7,894   —   308,000 Derivative receivables:                 Interest rate 715 602,747   2,501   (577,661 )   28,302 Credit — 28,256   1,389   (28,351 )   1,294 Foreign exchange 812 231,743   870   (210,154 )   23,271 Equity — 34,032   908   (30,001 )   4,939 Commodity 158 18,360   125   (12,371 )   6,272 Total derivative receivables (e) 1,685 915,138   5,793   (858,538 )   64,078 Total trading assets (g) 151,795 1,065,134   13,687   (858,538 )   372,078 Available-for-sale securities:                 Mortgage-backed securities:                 U.S. government agencies (a) — 64,005   —   —   64,005 Residential – nonagency — 14,442   1   —   14,443 Commercial – nonagency — 9,104   —   —   9,104 Total mortgage-backed securities — 87,551   1   —   87,552 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 44,072 29   —   —   44,101 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities — 31,592   —   —   31,592 Certificates of deposit — 106   —   —   106 Non-U.S. government debt securities 22,793 12,495   —   —   35,288 Corporate debt securities — 4,958   —   —   4,958 Asset-backed securities:                 Collateralized loan obligations — 26,738   663   —   27,401 Other — 6,967   —   —   6,967 Equity securities 926 —   —   —   926 Total available-for-sale securities 67,791 170,436   664   —   238,891 Loans — 1,660   570   —   2,230 Mortgage servicing rights — —   6,096   —   6,096 Other assets (g) 4,357 —   2,223   —   6,580 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 223,943 $ 1,258,736   $ 23,240   $ (858,538 )   $ 647,381 Deposits $ — $ 11,795   $ 2,117   $ —   $ 13,912 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements — 687   —   —   687 Short-term borrowings — 7,971   1,134   —   9,105 Trading liabilities:                 Debt and equity instruments (d) 68,304 19,081   43   —   87,428 Derivative payables:                 Interest rate 539 569,001   1,238   (559,963 )   10,815 Credit — 27,375   1,291   (27,255 )   1,411 Foreign exchange 902 231,815   2,254   (214,463 )   20,508 Equity — 35,202   3,160   (30,222 )   8,140 Commodity 173 20,079   210   (12,105 )   8,357 Total derivative payables (e) 1,614 883,472   8,153   (844,008 )   49,231 Total trading liabilities 69,918 902,553   8,196   (844,008 )   136,659 Accounts payable and other liabilities 9,107 —   13   —   9,120 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs — 72   48   —   120 Long-term debt — 24,836 (h)   12,850 (h)   —   37,686 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis $ 79,025 $ 947,914 (h)   $ 24,358 (h)   $ (844,008 )   $ 207,289 (a) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , included total U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations of  $78.0 billion  and  $80.6 billion , respectively, which were predominantly mortgage-related. (b) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , included within trading loans were  $11.4 billion  and  $16.5 billion , respectively, of residential first-lien mortgages, and  $4.2 billion  and  $3.3 billion , respectively, of commercial first-lien mortgages. Residential mortgage loans include conforming mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell to U.S. government agencies of  $5.7 billion  and  $11.0 billion , respectively, and reverse mortgages of  $836 million  and  $2.0 billion , respectively. (c) Physical commodities inventories are generally accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value. “Net realizable value” is a term defined in U.S. GAAP as not exceeding fair value less costs to sell (“transaction costs”). Transaction costs for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories are either not applicable or immaterial to the value of the inventory. Therefore, net realizable value approximates fair value for the Firm’s physical commodities inventories. When fair value hedging has been applied (or when net  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   161 Notes to consolidated financial statements realizable value is below cost), the carrying value of physical commodities approximates fair value, because under fair value hedge accounting, the cost basis is adjusted for changes in fair value. For a further discussion of the Firm’s hedge accounting relationships, see Note  5 . To provide consistent fair value disclosure information, all physical commodities inventories have been included in each period presented. (d) Balances reflect the reduction of securities owned (long positions) by the amount of identical securities sold but not yet purchased (short positions). (e) As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral received and paid when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. For purposes of the tables above, the Firm does not reduce derivative receivables and derivative payables balances for this netting adjustment, either within or across the levels of the fair value hierarchy, as such netting is not relevant to a presentation based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability. The level 3 balances would be reduced if netting were applied, including the netting benefit associated with cash collateral. (f) Reflects the Firm’s adoption of rulebook changes made by two CCPs that require or allow the Firm to treat certain OTC-cleared derivative transactions as daily settled. For further information, see Note  5 .   (g) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the fair values of these investments, which include certain hedge funds, private equity funds, real estate and other funds, were  $779 million  and  $1.0 billion , respectively. Included in these balances at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , were trading assets of  $54 million  and  $52 million , respectively, and other assets of  $725 million  and  $977 million , respectively. (h) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Transfers between levels for instruments carried at  fair value on a recurring basis For the years ended  December 31, 2017  and 2016, there were no significant transfers between levels 1 and 2. During the year ended  December 31, 2017 , transfers from level 3 to level 2 included the following: • $1.5 billion  of trading loans driven by an increase in observability. • $1.2 billion  of gross equity derivative payables as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs. During the year ended  December 31, 2017 , transfers from level 2 to level 3 included the following: • $ 1.0 billion  of gross equity derivative receivables and $ 2.5 billion  of gross equity derivative payables as a result of a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs. • $1.7 billion  of long-term debt driven by a decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs for certain structured notes. During the year ended December 31, 2016, transfers from level 3 to level 2 included the following: • $1.4 billion  of long-term debt driven by an increase in observability and a reduction in the significance of unobservable inputs for certain structured notes. During the year ended December 31, 2016, transfers from level 2 to level 3 included the following: • $1.1 billion  of gross equity derivative receivables and  $1.0 billion  of gross equity derivative payables as a result of an decrease in observability and an increase in the significance of unobservable inputs.   • $1.0 billion  of trading loans driven by a decrease in observability. During the year ended December 31, 2015, transfers from level 3 to level 2 included the following: • $3.1 billion  of long-term debt and  $1.0 billion  of deposits driven by an increase in observability on certain structured notes with embedded interest rate and FX derivatives and a reduction in the significance of unobservable inputs for certain structured notes with embedded equity derivatives. • $2.1 billion  of gross equity derivatives for both receivables and payables as a result of an increase in observability and a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs; partially offset by transfers into level 3 resulting in net transfers of approximately  $1.2 billion  for both receivables and payables. • $2.8 billion  of trading loans driven by an increase in observability of certain collateralized financing transactions. • $2.4 billion  of corporate debt driven by a decrease in the significance of unobservable inputs and an increase in observability for certain structured products. During the year ended December 31, 2015, there were no significant transfers from level 2 to level 3. All transfers are assumed to occur at the beginning of the quarterly reporting period in which they occur. 162   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Level 3 valuations The Firm  has established well-structured processes for determining fair value, including for instruments where fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs (level 3). For further information on  the Firm’s  valuation process and a detailed discussion of the determination of fair value for individual financial instruments, see  pages 155–159  of this Note.   Estimating fair value requires the application of judgment. The type and level of judgment required is largely dependent on the amount of observable market information available to  the Firm.  For instruments valued using internally developed valuation models and other valuation techniques that use significant unobservable inputs and are therefore classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, judgments used to estimate fair value are more significant than those required when estimating the fair value of instruments classified within levels 1 and 2.   In arriving at an estimate of fair value for an instrument within level 3, management must first determine the appropriate valuation model or other valuation technique to use. Second, due to the lack of observability of significant inputs, management must assess all relevant empirical data in deriving valuation inputs including transaction details, yield curves, interest rates, prepayment speed, default rates, volatilities, correlations, equity or debt prices, valuations of comparable instruments, foreign exchange rates and credit curves.   The following table presents  the Firm’s  primary level 3 financial instruments, the valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of those financial instruments, the significant unobservable inputs, the range of values for those inputs and, for certain instruments, the weighted averages of such inputs. While the determination to classify an instrument within level 3 is based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement, level 3 financial instruments typically include observable components (that is, components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources) in addition to the unobservable components. The level 1 and/or level 2 inputs are not included in the table. In addition,  the Firm  manages the risk of the observable components of level 3 financial instruments using securities and derivative positions that are classified within levels 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy.   The range of values presented in the table is representative of the highest and lowest level input used to value the significant groups of instruments within a product/instrument classification. Where provided, the weighted averages of the input values presented in the table are calculated based on the fair value of the instruments that the input is being used to value.     In  the Firm’s  view, the input range and the weighted average value do not reflect the degree of input uncertainty or an assessment of the reasonableness of  the Firm’s  estimates and assumptions. Rather, they reflect the characteristics of the various instruments held by  the Firm  and the relative distribution of instruments within the range of characteristics. For example, two option contracts may have similar levels of market risk exposure and valuation uncertainty, but may have significantly different implied volatility levels because the option contracts have different underlyings, tenors, or strike prices. The input range and weighted average values will therefore vary from period-to-period and parameter-to-parameter based on the characteristics of the instruments held by  the Firm  at each balance sheet date.   For  the Firm’s  derivatives and structured notes positions classified within level 3 at   December 31, 2017 ,  interest rate correlation inputs used in estimating fair value were concentrated towards the upper end of the range; equity correlation, equity-FX and equity-IR correlation inputs were concentrated in the middle of the range; commodity correlation inputs were concentrated in the middle of the range; credit correlation inputs were concentrated towards the lower end of the range; and the interest rate-foreign exchange (“IR-FX”) correlation inputs were concentrated towards the lower end of the range. In addition, the interest rate spread volatility inputs used in estimating fair value were distributed across the range; equity volatilities and commodity volatilities  were concentrated towards the lower end of the range; and forward commodity prices used in estimating the fair value of commodity derivatives were concentrated towards the lower end of the range. Recovery rate, yield, prepayment speed, conditional default rate, loss severity and price inputs used in estimating the fair value of credit derivatives were distributed across the range; and credit spreads were concentrated towards the lower end of the range.    JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   163 Notes to consolidated financial statements Level 3 inputs (a)   December 31, 2017           Product/Instrument Fair value  (in millions)   Principal valuation technique Unobservable inputs (g) Range of input values Weighted average Residential mortgage-backed securities and loans (b) $ 1,418   Discounted cash flows Yield 3  % – 16% 6%       Prepayment speed 0  % – 13% 9%         Conditional default rate 0  % – 5% 1%         Loss severity 0  % – 84% 3% Commercial mortgage-backed securities and loans (c) 714   Market comparables Price $ 0 – $100 $94 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 744   Market comparables Price $ 59 – $100 $98 Corporate debt securities 312   Market comparables Price $ 3 – $111 $82 Loans (d) 1,242   Market comparables Price $ 4 – $103 $84 Asset-backed securities 276   Discounted cash flows Credit spread 204 bps – 205bps 205bps         Prepayment speed 20% 20%         Conditional default rate 2% 2%         Loss severity 30% 30%   153   Market comparables Price $ 2 – $160 $79 Net interest rate derivatives 28   Option pricing Interest rate spread volatility 27 bps – 38bps           Interest rate correlation (50 )% – 98%           IR-FX correlation 60  % – 70%     236   Discounted cash flows Prepayment speed 0  % – 30%   Net credit derivatives (37 )   Discounted cash flows Credit correlation 40  % – 75%           Credit spread 6 bps – 1,489bps           Recovery rate 20  % – 70%           Yield 1  % – 20%           Prepayment speed 4  % – 21%           Conditional default rate 0  % – 100%           Loss severity 4  % – 100%     2   Market comparables Price $ 10 $98   Net foreign exchange derivatives (200 )   Option pricing IR-FX correlation (50 )% – 70%     (196 )   Discounted cash flows Prepayment speed 7%   Net equity derivatives (3,409 )   Option pricing Equity volatility 20  % – 55%           Equity correlation 0  % – 85%           Equity-FX correlation (50 )% – 30%           Equity-IR correlation 10  % – 40%   Net commodity derivatives (674 )   Option pricing Forward commodity price $ 54 – $68 per barrel         Commodity volatility 5  % 46%           Commodity correlation (40 )% – 70%   MSRs 6,030   Discounted cash flows Refer to Note 15         Other assets 984   Discounted cash flows Credit spread 40bps – 70bps 55bps         Yield 8% – 60% 47%   971   Market comparables EBITDA multiple 4.7x – 10.6x 8.9x Long-term debt, short-term borrowings, and deposits (e) 21,932   Option pricing Interest rate spread volatility 27 bps – 38bps         Interest rate correlation (50 )% – 98%         IR-FX correlation (50 )% – 70%         Equity correlation 0  % – 85%         Equity-FX correlation (50 )% – 30%         Equity-IR correlation 10  % – 40%   Other level 3 assets and liabilities, net (f) 283               (a) The categories presented in the table have been aggregated based upon the product type, which may differ from their classification on the Consolidated balance sheets. Furthermore, the inputs presented for each valuation technique in the table are, in some cases, not applicable to every instrument valued using the technique as the characteristics of the instruments can differ. 164   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report (b) Includes U.S. government agency securities of  $297 million , nonagency securities of  $61 million  and trading loans of  $1.1 billion . (c) Includes U.S. government agency securities of  $10 million , nonagency securities of  $11 million , trading loans of  $417 million  and non-trading loans of  $276 million .  (d) Includes trading loans of  $1.2 billion . (e) Long-term debt, short-term borrowings and deposits include structured notes issued by the Firm that are predominantly financial instruments containing embedded derivatives.  The estimation of the fair value of structured notes includes the derivative features embedded within the instrument. The significant unobservable inputs are broadly consistent with those presented for derivative receivables. (f) Includes level 3 assets and liabilities that are insignificant both individually and in aggregate. (g) Price is a significant unobservable input for certain instruments. When quoted market prices are not readily available, reliance is generally placed on price-based internal valuation techniques. The price input is expressed assuming a par value of  $100 . Changes in and ranges of unobservable inputs   The following discussion provides a description of the impact on a fair value measurement of a change in each unobservable input in isolation, and the interrelationship between unobservable inputs, where relevant and significant. The impact of changes in inputs may not be independent, as a change in one unobservable input may give rise to a change in another unobservable input. Where relationships do exist between two unobservable inputs, those relationships are discussed below. Relationships may also exist between observable and unobservable inputs (for example, as observable interest rates rise, unobservable prepayment rates decline); such relationships have not been included in the discussion below. In addition, for each of the individual relationships described below, the inverse relationship would also generally apply.   The following discussion also provides a description of attributes of the underlying instruments and external market factors that affect the range of inputs used in the valuation of  the Firm’s  positions.   Yield – The yield of an asset is the interest rate used to discount future cash flows in a discounted cash flow calculation. An increase in the yield, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement.   Credit spread – The credit spread is the amount of additional annualized return over the market interest rate that a market participant would demand for taking exposure to the credit risk of an instrument. The credit spread for an instrument forms part of the discount rate used in a discounted cash flow calculation. Generally, an increase in the credit spread would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement.   The yield and the credit spread of a particular mortgage-backed security primarily reflect the risk inherent in the instrument. The yield is also impacted by the absolute level of the coupon paid by the instrument (which may not correspond directly to the level of inherent risk). Therefore, the range of yield and credit spreads reflects the range of risk inherent in various instruments owned by  the Firm.  The risk inherent in mortgage-backed securities is driven by the subordination of the security being valued and the characteristics of the underlying mortgages within the collateralized pool, including borrower FICO scores,  LTV  ratios for residential mortgages and the nature of the property and/or any tenants for commercial mortgages. For corporate debt securities, obligations of U.S. states and municipalities and other similar instruments, credit spreads reflect the credit quality of the obligor and the tenor of the obligation.     Prepayment speed – The prepayment speed is a measure of the voluntary unscheduled principal repayments of a prepayable obligation in a collateralized pool. Prepayment speeds generally decline as borrower delinquencies rise. An increase in prepayment speeds, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement of assets valued at a premium to par and an increase in a fair value measurement of assets valued at a discount to par.   Prepayment speeds may vary from collateral pool to collateral pool, and are driven by the type and location of the underlying borrower, and the remaining tenor of the obligation as well as the level and type (e.g., fixed or floating) of interest rate being paid by the borrower. Typically collateral pools with higher borrower credit quality have a higher prepayment rate than those with lower borrower credit quality, all other factors being equal.   Conditional default rate – The conditional default rate is a measure of the reduction in the outstanding collateral balance underlying a collateralized obligation as a result of defaults. While there is typically no direct relationship between conditional default rates and prepayment speeds, collateralized obligations for which the underlying collateral has high prepayment speeds will tend to have lower conditional default rates. An increase in conditional default rates would generally be accompanied by an increase in loss severity and an increase in credit spreads. An increase in the conditional default rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. Conditional default rates reflect the quality of the collateral underlying a securitization and the structure of the securitization itself. Based on the types of securities owned in  the Firm’s  market-making portfolios, conditional default rates are most typically at the lower end of the range presented.   Loss severity – The loss severity (the inverse concept is the recovery rate) is the expected amount of future realized losses resulting from the ultimate liquidation of a particular loan, expressed as the net amount of loss relative to the outstanding loan balance. An increase in loss severity is generally accompanied by an increase in conditional default rates. An increase in the loss severity, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement.   The loss severity applied in valuing a mortgage-backed security investment depends on factors relating to the underlying mortgages, including the LTV ratio, the nature of the lender’s lien on the property and other instrument-specific factors.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   165 Notes to consolidated financial statements Correlation – Correlation is a measure of the relationship between the movements of two variables (e.g., how the change in one variable influences the change in the other). Correlation is a pricing input for a derivative product where the payoff is driven by one or more underlying risks. Correlation inputs are related to the type of derivative  (e.g., interest rate, credit, equity and foreign exchange)  due to the nature of the underlying risks. When parameters are positively correlated, an increase in one parameter will result in an increase in the other parameter. When parameters are negatively correlated, an increase in one parameter will result in a decrease in the other parameter. An increase in correlation can result in an increase or a decrease in a fair value measurement. Given a short correlation position, an increase in correlation, in isolation, would generally result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The range of correlation inputs between risks within the same asset class are generally narrower than those between underlying risks across asset classes. In addition, the ranges of credit correlation inputs tend to be narrower than those affecting other asset classes. The level of correlation used in the valuation of derivatives with multiple underlying risks depends on a number of factors including the nature of those risks. For example, the correlation between two credit risk exposures would be different than that between two interest rate risk exposures. Similarly, the tenor of the transaction may also impact the correlation input, as the relationship between the underlying risks may be different over different time periods. Furthermore, correlation levels are very much dependent on market conditions and could have a relatively wide range of levels within or across asset classes over time, particularly in volatile market conditions.   Volatility – Volatility is a measure of the variability in possible returns for an instrument, parameter or market index given how much the particular instrument, parameter or index changes in value over time. Volatility is a pricing input for options, including equity options, commodity options, and interest rate options. Generally, the higher the volatility of the underlying, the riskier the instrument. Given a long position in an option, an increase in volatility, in isolation, would generally result in an increase in a fair value measurement.   The level of volatility used in the valuation of a particular option-based derivative depends on a number of factors, including the nature of the risk underlying the option (e.g., the volatility of a particular equity security may be significantly different from that of a particular commodity index), the tenor of the derivative as well as the strike price of the option.     EBITDA multiple – EBITDA multiples refer to the input (often derived from the value of a comparable company) that is multiplied by the historic and/or expected earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) of a company in order to estimate the company’s value. An increase in the EBITDA multiple, in isolation, net of adjustments, would result in an increase in a fair value measurement. Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements   The following tables include a rollforward of the Consolidated balance sheets amounts (including changes in fair value) for financial instruments classified by  the Firm  within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 .  When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument within level 3, the determination is based on the significance of the unobservable parameters to the overall fair value measurement. However, level 3 financial instruments typically include, in addition to the unobservable or level 3 components, observable components (that is, components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources); accordingly, the gains and losses in the table below include changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. Also,  the Firm  risk-manages the observable components of level 3 financial instruments using securities and derivative positions that are classified within level 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy; as these level 1 and level 2 risk management instruments are not included below, the gains or losses in the following tables do not reflect the effect of  the Firm’s  risk management activities related to such level 3 instruments. 166   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2017 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2017 Total realized/unrealized gains/(losses)         Transfers into  level 3 (h) Transfers (out of) level 3 (h) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2017   Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2017 Purchases (f) Sales   Settlements (g) Assets:                           Trading assets:                           Debt instruments:                           Mortgage-backed securities:                           U.S. government agencies $ 392 $ (11 )   $ 161 $ (171 )   $ (70 ) $ 49 $ (43 ) $ 307   $ (20 )   Residential – nonagency 83 19   53 (30 )   (64 ) 132 (133 ) 60   11   Commercial – nonagency 17 9   27 (44 )   (13 ) 64 (49 ) 11   1   Total mortgage-backed securities 492 17   241 (245 )   (147 ) 245 (225 ) 378   (8 )   U.S. Treasury and government agencies — —   — —   — 1 — 1   —   Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 649 18   152 (70 )   (5 ) — — 744   15   Non-U.S. government debt securities 46 —   559 (518 )   — 62 (71 ) 78   —   Corporate debt securities 576 11   872 (612 )   (497 ) 157 (195 ) 312   18   Loans 4,837 333   2,389 (2,832 )   (1,323 ) 806 (1,491 ) 2,719   43   Asset-backed securities 302 32   354 (356 )   (56 ) 75 (198 ) 153   —   Total debt instruments 6,902 411   4,567 (4,633 )   (2,028 ) 1,346 (2,180 ) 4,385   68   Equity securities 231 39   176 (148 )   (4 ) 59 (58 ) 295   21   Other 761 100   30 (46 )   (162 ) 17 (10 ) 690   39   Total trading assets – debt and equity instruments 7,894 550 (c)   4,773 (4,827 )   (2,194 ) 1,422 (2,248 ) 5,370   128 (c)   Net derivative receivables: (a)                         Interest rate 1,263 72   60 (82 )   (1,040 ) (8 ) (1 ) 264   (473 )   Credit 98 (164 )   1 (6 )   — 77 (41 ) (35 )   32   Foreign exchange (1,384 ) 43   13 (10 )   854 (61 ) 149 (396 )   42   Equity (2,252 ) (417 )   1,116 (551 )   (245 ) (1,482 ) 422 (3,409 )   (161 )   Commodity (85 ) (149 )   — —   (433 ) (6 ) (1 ) (674 )   (718 )   Total net derivative receivables (2,360 ) (615 ) (c)   1,190 (649 )   (864 ) (1,480 ) 528 (4,250 )   (1,278 ) (c)   Available-for-sale securities:                         Asset-backed securities 663 15   — (50 )   (352 ) — — 276   14   Other 1 —   — —   — — — 1   —   Total available-for-sale securities 664 15 (d)   — (50 )   (352 ) — — 277   14 (d)   Loans 570 35 (c)   — (26 )   (303 ) — — 276   3 (c)   Mortgage servicing rights 6,096 (232 ) (e)   1,103 (140 )   (797 ) — — 6,030   (232 ) (e)   Other assets 2,223 244 (c)   66 (177 )   (870 ) — (221 ) 1,265   74 (c)                                 Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2017 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2017 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses           Transfers (out of) level 3 (h) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2017   Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2017 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements (g) Transfers into  level 3 (h) Liabilities: (b)                           Deposits $ 2,117 $ 152 (c)(i)   $ — $ — $ 3,027 $ (291 ) $ 11 $ (874 ) $ 4,142   $ 198 (c)(i)   Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements — —   — — — — — — —   —   Short-term borrowings 1,134 42 (c)(i)   — — 3,289 (2,748 ) 150 (202 ) 1,665   7 (c)(i)   Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 43 (3 ) (c)   (46 ) 48 — 3 3 (9 ) 39   — (c)   Accounts payable and other liabilities 13 (2 )   (1 ) — — 3 — — 13   (2 )   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 48 2 (c)   (122 ) 39 — (6 ) 78 — 39   — (c)   Long-term debt 12,850 1,067 (c)(i)   — — 12,458 (10,985 ) 1,660 (925 ) 16,125   552 (c)(i)   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   167 Notes to consolidated financial statements   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2016 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2016 Total realized/unrealized gains/(losses)             Transfers (out of) level 3 (h) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2016   Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2016 Purchases (f) Sales     Settlements (g) Transfers into  level 3 (h) Assets:                               Trading assets:                               Debt instruments:                               Mortgage-backed securities:                               U.S. government agencies $ 715   $ (20 )   $ 135 $ (295 )     $ (115 ) $ 111 $ (139 ) $ 392   $ (36 )   Residential – nonagency 194   4   252 (319 )     (20 ) 67 (95 ) 83   5   Commercial – nonagency 115   (11 )   69 (29 )     (3 ) 173 (297 ) 17   3   Total mortgage-backed securities 1,024   (27 )   456 (643 )     (138 ) 351 (531 ) 492   (28 )   Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 651   19   149 (132 )     (38 ) — — 649   —   Non-U.S. government debt securities 74   (4 )   91 (97 )     (7 ) 19 (30 ) 46   (7 )   Corporate debt securities 736   2   445 (359 )     (189 ) 148 (207 ) 576   (22 )   Loans 6,604   (343 )   2,228 (2,598 )     (1,311 ) 1,044 (787 ) 4,837   (169 )   Asset-backed securities 1,832   39   655 (712 )     (968 ) 288 (832 ) 302   19   Total debt instruments 10,921   (314 )   4,024 (4,541 )     (2,651 ) 1,850 (2,387 ) 6,902   (207 )   Equity securities 265   —   90 (108 )     (40 ) 29 (5 ) 231   7   Other 744   79   649 (287 )     (360 ) 26 (90 ) 761   28   Total trading assets – debt and equity instruments 11,930   (235 ) (c)   4,763 (4,936 )     (3,051 ) 1,905 (2,482 ) 7,894   (172 ) (c)   Net derivative receivables: (a) —           — —     Interest rate 876   756   193 (57 )     (713 ) (14 ) 222 1,263   (144 )   Credit 549   (742 )   10 (2 )     211 36 36 98   (622 )   Foreign exchange (725 )   67   64 (124 )     (649 ) (48 ) 31 (1,384 )   (350 )   Equity (1,514 )   (145 )   277 (852 )     213 94 (325 ) (2,252 )   (86 )   Commodity (935 )   194   1 10     645 8 (8 ) (85 )   (36 )   Total net derivative receivables (1,749 )   130 (c)   545 (1,025 )     (293 ) 76 (44 ) (2,360 )   (1,238 ) (c)   Available-for-sale securities:                 Asset-backed securities 823   1   — —     (119 ) — (42 ) 663   1   Other 1   —   — —     — — — 1   —   Total available-for-sale securities 824   1 (d)   — —     (119 ) — (42 ) 664   1 (d)   Loans 1,518   (49 ) (c)   259 (7 )     (838 ) — (313 ) 570   — (c)   Mortgage servicing rights 6,608   (163 ) (e)   679 (109 )     (919 ) — — 6,096   (163 ) (e)   Other assets 2,401   130 (c)   487 (496 )     (299 ) — — 2,223   48 (c)                                     Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2016 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2016   Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses             Transfers (out of) level 3 (h) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2016   Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2016 Purchases Sales Issuances   Settlements (g) Transfers into  level 3 (h) Liabilities: (b)                               Deposits $ 2,950   $ (56 ) (c)   $ — $ — $ 1,375   $ (1,283 ) $ — $ (869 ) $ 2,117   $ 23 (c)   Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements —   —   — — —   (2 ) 6 (4 ) —   —   Short-term borrowings 639   (230 ) (c)   — — 1,876   (1,210 ) 114 (55 ) 1,134   (70 ) (c)   Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 63   (12 ) (c)   (15 ) 23 —   (22 ) 13 (7 ) 43   (18 ) (c)   Accounts payable and other liabilities 19   —   — — —   (6 ) — — 13   —   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 549   (31 ) (c)   — — 143   (613 ) — — 48   6 (c)   Long-term debt 11,447 (j)   147 (c)(j)   — — 8,140 (j)   (5,810 ) 315 (1,389 ) 12,850 (j)   639 (c)(j)   168   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2015 Total realized/unrealized gains/(losses)               Transfers (out of) level 3 (h) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2015 Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2015 Purchases (f)   Sales   Settlements (g)   Transfers into  level 3 (h) Assets:                               Trading assets:                               Debt instruments:                               Mortgage-backed securities:                               U.S. government agencies $ 922 $ (28 )   $ 327   $ (303 )   $ (132 )   $ 25 $ (96 ) $ 715   $ (27 )   Residential – nonagency 663 130   253   (611 )   (23 )   180 (398 ) 194   4   Commercial – nonagency 306 (14 )   246   (262 )   (22 )   117 (256 ) 115   (5 )   Total mortgage-backed securities 1,891 88   826   (1,176 )   (177 )   322 (750 ) 1,024   (28 )   Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,273 14   352   (133 )   (27 )   5 (833 ) 651   (1 )   Non-U.S. government debt securities 302 9   205   (123 )   (64 )   16 (271 ) 74   (16 )   Corporate debt securities 2,989 (77 )   1,171   (1,038 )   (125 )   179 (2,363 ) 736   2   Loans 13,287 (174 )   3,532   (4,661 )   (3,112 )   509 (2,777 ) 6,604   (181 )   Asset-backed securities 1,264 (41 )   1,920   (1,229 )   (35 )   205 (252 ) 1,832   (32 )   Total debt instruments 21,006 (181 )   8,006   (8,360 )   (3,540 )   1,236 (7,246 ) 10,921   (256 )   Equity securities 431 96   89   (193 )   (26 )   51 (183 ) 265   82   Physical commodities 2 (2 )   —   —   —   — — —   —   Other 1,050 119   1,581   (1,313 )   192   33 (918 ) 744   85   Total trading assets – debt and equity instruments 22,489 32 (c)   9,676   (9,866 )   (3,374 )   1,320 (8,347 ) 11,930   (89 ) (c)   Net derivative receivables: (a)                 Interest rate 626 962   513   (173 )   (732 )   6 (326 ) 876   263   Credit 189 118   129   (136 )   165   29 55 549   260   Foreign exchange (526 ) 657   19   (149 )   (296 )   36 (466 ) (725 )   49   Equity (1,785 ) 731   890   (1,262 )   (158 )   17 53 (1,514 )   5   Commodity (565 ) (856 )   1   (24 )   512   (30 ) 27 (935 )   (41 )   Total net derivative receivables (2,061 ) 1,612 (c)   1,552   (1,744 )   (509 )   58 (657 ) (1,749 )   536 (c)   Available-for-sale securities: —             Asset-backed securities 908 (32 )   51   (43 )   (61 )   — — 823   (28 )   Other 129 —   —   —   (29 )   — (99 ) 1   —   Total available-for-sale securities 1,037 (32 ) (d)   51   (43 )   (90 )   — (99 ) 824   (28 ) (d)   Loans 2,541 (133 ) (c)   1,290   (92 )   (1,241 )   — (847 ) 1,518   (32 ) (c)   Mortgage servicing rights 7,436 (405 ) (e)   985   (486 )   (922 )   — — 6,608   (405 ) (e)   Other assets 3,184 (29 ) (c)   346   (509 )   (411 )   — (180 ) 2,401   (289 ) (c)                                     Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs     Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Fair value at January 1, 2015 Total realized/unrealized (gains)/losses             Transfers into  level 3 (h) Transfers (out of) level 3 (h) Fair value at Dec. 31, 2015 Change in unrealized (gains)/losses related to financial instruments held at Dec. 31, 2015 Purchases   Sales Issuances Settlements (g)   Liabilities: (b)                               Deposits $ 2,859 $ (39 ) (c)   $ —   $ — $ 1,993 $ (850 )   $ — $ (1,013 ) $ 2,950   $ (29 ) (c)   Short-term borrowings 1,453 (697 ) (c)   —   — 3,334 (2,963 )   243 (731 ) 639   (57 ) (c)   Trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments 72 15 (c)   (163 )   160 — (17 )   12 (16 ) 63   (4 ) (c)   Accounts payable and other liabilities 26 — (c)   —   — — (7 )   — — 19   — Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 1,146 (82 ) (c)   —   — 286 (574 )   — (227 ) 549   (63 ) (c)   Long-term debt 11,877 (480 ) (c)   (58 )   — 9,359 (6,465 ) (j)   315 (3,101 ) 11,447 (j)   385 (c)(j)   (a) All level 3 derivatives are presented on a net basis, irrespective of underlying counterparty. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   169 Notes to consolidated financial statements (b) Level 3 liabilities as a percentage of total Firm liabilities accounted for at fair value (including liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis) were  15% ,  12%  and  13%  at  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (c) Predominantly reported in principal transactions revenue, except for changes in fair value for CCB mortgage loans, and lending-related commitments originated with the intent to sell, and mortgage loan purchase commitments, which are reported in mortgage fees and related income. (d) Realized gains/(losses) on AFS   securities, as well as other-than-temporary impairment (“OTTI”) losses that are recorded in earnings, are reported in securities gains. Unrealized gains/(losses) are reported in OCI. Realized gains/(losses) and foreign exchange hedge accounting adjustments recorded in income on AFS securities were  zero ,  zero , and  $(7) million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. Unrealized gains/(losses) recorded on AFS securities in OCI were  $15 million ,  $1 million  and  $(25) million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (e) Changes in fair value for CCB MSRs are reported in mortgage fees and related income. (f) Loan originations are included in purchases (g) Includes financial assets and liabilities that have matured, been partially or fully repaid, impacts of modifications, and deconsolidation associated with beneficial interests in VIEs and other items. (h) All transfers into and/or out of level 3 are based on changes in the observability of the valuation inputs and are assumed to occur at the beginning of the quarterly reporting period in which they occur. (i) Realized (gains)/losses due to DVA for fair value option elected liabilities are reported in principal transactions revenue. Unrealized (gains)/losses are reported in OCI. Unrealized gains were  $48 million  for the year ended December 31, 2017. There were  no  realized gains for the year ended December 31, 2017.  (j) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Level 3 analysis  Consolidated balance sheets changes   Level 3 assets (including assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis) were   0.8%  of total Firm assets at  December 31, 2017 .  The following describes significant changes to level 3 assets since  December 31, 2016,  for those items measured at fair value on a recurring basis. For further information on changes impacting items measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, see Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis on   page 172 . For the year ended  December 31, 2017 Level 3 assets were  $19.2 billion  at  December 31, 2017 , reflecting a decrease of  $4.0 billion  from December 31, 2016, largely due to the following: • $2.5 billion  decrease in trading assets — debt and equity instruments was predominantly driven by a decrease of  $2.1 billion  in trading loans largely due to settlements, and a  $1.0 billion  decrease in other assets due to settlements and transfers from level 3 to level 2 as a result of increased observability in certain valuation inputs   Gains and losses   The following describes significant components of total realized/unrealized gains/(losses) for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 .  For further information on these instruments, see Changes in level 3 recurring fair value measurements rollforward tables on   pages 166–170 . 2017 • $1.3 billion  of net losses on liabilities largely driven by market movements in long-term debt 2016 • There were no individually significant movements for the year ended  December 31, 2016 .  2015 • $1.6 billion  of net gains in interest rate, foreign exchange and equity derivative receivables largely due to market movements; partially offset by losses on commodity derivatives due to market movements • $1.3 billion  of net gains in liabilities due to market movements 170   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Credit and funding adjustments – derivatives Derivatives are generally valued using models that use as their basis observable market parameters. These market parameters generally do not consider factors such as counterparty nonperformance risk, the Firm’s own credit quality, and funding costs. Therefore, it is generally necessary to make adjustments to the base estimate of fair value to reflect these factors. CVA represents the adjustment, relative to the relevant benchmark interest rate, necessary to reflect counterparty nonperformance risk. The Firm estimates CVA using a scenario analysis to estimate the expected positive credit exposure across all of the Firm’s existing positions with each counterparty, and then estimates losses based on the probability of default and estimated recovery rate as a result of a counterparty credit event considering contractual factors designed to mitigate the Firm’s credit exposure, such as collateral and legal rights of offset. The key inputs to this methodology are (i) the probability of a default event occurring for each counterparty, as derived from observed or estimated CDS spreads; and (ii) estimated recovery rates implied by CDS spreads, adjusted to consider the differences in recovery rates as a derivative creditor relative to those reflected in CDS spreads, which generally reflect senior unsecured creditor risk. FVA represents the adjustment to reflect the impact of funding and is recognized where there is evidence that a market participant in the principal market would incorporate it in a transfer of the instrument. The Firm’s FVA framework, applied to uncollateralized (including partially collateralized) over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives incorporates key inputs such as: (i) the expected funding requirements arising from the Firm’s positions with each counterparty and collateral arrangements; and (ii) the estimated market funding cost in the principal market which, for derivative liabilities, considers the Firm’s credit risk (DVA). For collateralized derivatives, the fair value is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows at the relevant overnight indexed swap rate given the underlying collateral agreement with the counterparty, and therefore a separate FVA is not necessary.   The following table provides the impact of credit and funding adjustments on principal transactions revenue in the respective periods, excluding the effect of any associated hedging activities. The FVA reported below include the impact of the Firm’s own credit quality on the inception value of liabilities as well as the impact of changes in the Firm’s own credit quality over time. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Credit and funding adjustments:           Derivatives CVA $ 802   $ (84 )   $ 620 Derivatives FVA (295 )   7   73 Valuation adjustments on fair value option elected liabilities The valuation of the Firm’s liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected requires consideration of the Firm’s own credit risk. DVA on fair value option elected liabilities reflects changes (subsequent to the issuance of the liability) in the Firm’s probability of default and LGD, which are estimated based on changes in the Firm’s credit spread observed in the bond market. Effective January 1, 2016, the effect of DVA on fair value option elected liabilities is recognized in OCI. See Note  23  for further information.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   171 Notes to consolidated financial statements Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis   The following tables present the assets reported on a nonrecurring basis at fair value as of  December 31, 2017 and 2016,  by major product category and fair value hierarchy.   Fair value hierarchy   Total fair value December 31, 2017 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2   Level 3   Loans $ — $ 238   $ 596 (a)   $ 834 Other assets — 283   183   466 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis $ — $ 521   $ 779 (a)   $ 1,300   Fair value hierarchy   Total fair value December 31, 2016 (in millions) Level 1 Level 2   Level 3   Loans $ — $ 730   $ 590   $ 1,320 Other assets — 5   232   237 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis $ — $ 735   $ 822   $ 1,557 (a)  Of the  $779 million  in level 3 assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2017,  $442 million  related to residential real estate loans carried at the net realizable value of the underlying collateral (e.g., collateral-dependent loans and other loans charged off in accordance with regulatory guidance). These amounts are classified as level 3 as they are valued using a broker’s price opinion and discounted based upon the Firm’s experience with actual liquidation values. These discounts to the broker price opinions ranged from  13%  to  48%  with a weighted average of  27% . There were no material liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2017 and 2016.  Nonrecurring fair value changes   The following table presents the total change in value of assets and liabilities for which a fair value adjustment has been recognized for the years ended  December 31, 2017  2016 and 2015,  related to financial instruments held at those dates.   December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Loans $ (159 )   $ (209 )   $ (226 ) Other Assets (148 )   37   (60 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities (1 )   —   (8 ) Total nonrecurring fair value gains/(losses) $ (308 )   $ (172 )   $ (294 ) For further information about the measurement of impaired collateral-dependent loans, and other loans where the carrying value is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral (e.g., residential mortgage loans charged off in accordance with regulatory guidance), see Note   12 . Additional disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments that are not carried on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value   U.S. GAAP requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, and the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate their fair value. Financial instruments within the scope of these disclosure requirements are included in the following table. However, certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are excluded from the scope of these disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the fair value disclosures provided in the following table include only a partial estimate of the fair value of  JPMorgan Chase’s  assets and liabilities. For example,  the Firm  has developed long-term relationships with its customers through its deposit base and credit card accounts, commonly referred to as core    deposit intangibles and credit card relationships. In the opinion of management, these items, in the aggregate, add significant value to  JPMorgan Chase,  but their fair value is not disclosed in this Note. Financial instruments for which carrying value approximates fair value   Certain financial instruments that are not carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, due to their short-term nature and generally negligible credit risk. These instruments include cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed, short-term receivables and accrued interest receivable, short-term borrowings, federal funds purchased, securities loaned and sold under repurchase agreements, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. In addition, U.S. GAAP requires that the fair value of deposit liabilities with no stated maturity (i.e., demand, savings and certain money market deposits) be equal to their carrying value; recognition of the inherent funding value of these instruments is not permitted.   172   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table presents by fair value hierarchy classification the carrying values and estimated fair values at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  of financial assets and liabilities, excluding financial instruments that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis, and their classification within the fair value hierarchy. For additional information regarding the financial instruments within the scope of this disclosure, and the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate their fair value, see   pages 156–159   of this Note.   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016     Estimated fair value hierarchy       Estimated fair value hierarchy   (in billions) Carrying  value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated  fair value   Carrying  value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated  fair value Financial assets                       Cash and due from banks $ 25.8 $ 25.8 $ — $ — $ 25.8   $ 23.9 $ 23.9 $ — $ — $ 23.9 Deposits with banks 404.3 401.8 2.5 — 404.3   365.8 362.0 3.8 — 365.8 Accrued interest and accounts receivable 67.0 — 67.0 — 67.0   52.3 — 52.2 0.1 52.3 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 183.7 — 183.7 — 183.7   208.5 — 208.3 0.2 208.5 Securities borrowed 102.1 — 102.1 — 102.1   96.4 — 96.4 — 96.4 Securities, held-to-maturity 47.7 — 48.7 — 48.7   50.2 — 50.9 — 50.9 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses (a)(b) 914.6 — 213.2 707.1 920.3   878.8 — 24.1 851.0 875.1 Other 62.9 — 52.9 16.5 69.4   71.4 0.1 60.8 14.3 75.2 Financial liabilities                       Deposits $ 1,422.7 $ — $ 1,422.7 $ — $ 1,422.7   $ 1,361.3 $ — $ 1,361.3 $ — $ 1,361.3 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 158.2 — 158.2 — 158.2   165.0 — 165.0 — 165.0 Short-term borrowings 42.6 — 42.4 0.2 42.6   25.3 — 25.3 — 25.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 152.0 — 148.9 2.9 151.8   148.0 — 144.8 3.4 148.2 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 26.0 — 26.0 — 26.0   38.9 — 38.9 — 38.9 Long-term debt and junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures 236.6 — 240.3 3.2 243.5   257.5 — 260.0 2.0 262.0 (a) Fair value is typically estimated using a discounted cash flow model that incorporates the characteristics of the underlying loans (including principal, contractual interest rate and contractual fees) and other key inputs, including expected lifetime credit losses, interest rates, prepayment rates, and primary origination or secondary market spreads. For certain loans, the fair value is measured based on the value of the underlying collateral. The difference between the estimated fair value and carrying value of a financial asset or liability is the result of the different methodologies used to determine fair value as compared with carrying value. For example, credit losses are estimated for a financial asset’s remaining life in a fair value calculation but are estimated for a loss emergence period in the allowance for loan loss calculation; future loan income (interest and fees) is incorporated in a fair value calculation but is generally not considered in the allowance for loan losses. For a further discussion of the Firm’s methodologies for estimating the fair value of loans and lending-related commitments, see Valuation hierarchy on  pages 156–159 . (b) For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Firm transferred certain residential mortgage loans from Level 3 to Level 2 as a result of an increase in observability. The majority of  the Firm’s  lending-related commitments are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis on the Consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of the wholesale allowance for lending-related commitments and the estimated fair value of  these wholesale lending-related commitments were as follows for the periods indicated.   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016     Estimated fair value hierarchy       Estimated fair value hierarchy   (in billions) Carrying value (a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated fair value   Carrying value (a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total estimated fair value Wholesale lending-related commitments $ 1.1 $ — $ — $ 1.6 $ 1.6   $ 1.1 $ — $ — $ 2.1 $ 2.1 (a) Excludes the current carrying values of the guarantee liability and the offsetting asset, each of which is recognized at fair value at the inception of the guarantees. The Firm  does not estimate the fair value of consumer lending-related commitments. In many cases,  the Firm  can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice. For a further discussion of the valuation of lending-related commitments, see   page 157   of this Note.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   173 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 3 – Fair value option  The fair value option provides an option to elect fair value as an alternative measurement for selected financial assets, financial liabilities, unrecognized firm commitments, and written loan commitments. The Firm  has elected to measure certain instruments at fair value for several reasons including to mitigate income statement volatility caused by the differences between the measurement basis of elected instruments (e.g., certain instruments elected were previously accounted for on an accrual basis) and the associated risk management arrangements that are accounted for on a fair value basis, as well as to   better reflect those instruments that are managed on a fair value basis.     The Firm’s  election of fair value includes the following instruments:   • Loans purchased or originated as part of securitization warehousing activity, subject to bifurcation accounting, or managed on a fair value basis, including lending-related commitments • Certain  securities financing arrangements with an embedded derivative and/or a maturity of greater than one year   • Owned beneficial interests in securitized financial assets that contain embedded credit derivatives, which would otherwise be required to be separately accounted for as a derivative instrument   • Structured notes, which are predominantly financial instruments that contain embedded derivatives, that are issued as part of  CIB’s  client-driven activities   • Certain long-term beneficial interests issued by  CIB’s  consolidated securitization trusts where the underlying assets are carried at fair value   174   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Changes in fair value under the fair value option election   The following table presents the changes in fair value included in the Consolidated statements of income for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  for items for which the fair value option was elected. The profit and loss information presented below only includes the financial instruments that were elected to be measured at fair value; related risk management instruments, which are required to be measured at fair value, are not included in the table.     2017   2016   2015 December 31, (in millions) Principal transactions All other income Total changes in fair value recorded   Principal transactions All other income Total changes in fair value recorded   Principal transactions All other income Total changes in fair value recorded Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements $ (97 ) $ —   $ (97 )   $ (76 ) $ —   $ (76 )   $ (38 ) $ —   $ (38 ) Securities borrowed 50 —   50   1 —   1   (6 ) —   (6 ) Trading assets:                         Debt and equity instruments, excluding loans 1,943 2 (c)   1,945   120 (1 ) (c)   119   756 (10 ) (c)   746 Loans reported as trading  assets:                         Changes in instrument-specific credit risk 330 14 (c)   344   461 43 (c)   504   138 41 (c)   179 Other changes in fair value 217 747 (c)   964   79 684 (c)   763   232 818 (c)   1,050 Loans:                         Changes in instrument-specific credit risk (1 ) —   (1 )   13 —   13   35 —   35 Other changes in fair value (12 ) 3 (c)   (9 )   (7 ) —   (7 )   4 —   4 Other assets 11 (55 ) (d)   (44 )   20 62 (d)   82   79 (1 ) (d)   78 Deposits (a) (533 ) —   (533 )   (134 ) —   (134 )   93 —   93 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 11 —   11   19 —   19   8 —   8 Short-term borrowings (a)   (747 ) —   (747 )   (236 ) —   (236 )   1,996 —   1,996 Trading liabilities (1 ) —   (1 )   6 —   6   (20 ) —   (20 ) Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs — —   —   23 —   23   49 —   49 Long-term debt (a)(b) (2,022 ) —   (2,022 )   (773 ) —   (773 )   1,388 —   1,388 (a) Unrealized gains/(losses) due to instrument-specific credit risk (DVA) for liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected is recorded in OCI, while realized gains/(losses) are recorded in principal transactions revenue. DVA for 2015  was included in principal transactions revenue, and includes the impact of the Firm’s own credit quality on the inception value of liabilities as well as the impact of changes in the Firm’s own credit quality subsequent to issuance. See Notes  2  and  23  for further information. Realized gains/(losses) due to instrument-specific credit risk recorded in principal transaction revenue were not material for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. (b) Long-term debt measured at fair value predominantly relates to structured notes. Although the risk associated with the structured notes is actively managed, the gains/(losses) reported in this table do not include the income statement impact of the risk management instruments used to manage such risk.  (c) Reported in mortgage fees and related income. (d) Reported in other income. Determination of instrument-specific credit risk for items for which a fair value election was made   The following describes how the gains and losses that are attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk, were determined.   • Loans and lending-related commitments: For floating-rate instruments, all changes in value are attributed to instrument-specific credit risk. For fixed-rate instruments, an allocation of the changes in value for the period is made between those changes in value that are interest rate-related and changes in value that are credit-related. Allocations are generally based on an analysis of borrower-specific credit spread and recovery information, where available, or benchmarking to similar entities or industries.     • Long-term debt: Changes in value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk were derived principally from observable changes in  the Firm’s  credit spread .  • Resale and repurchase agreements, securities borrowed agreements and securities lending agreements: Generally, for these types of agreements, there is a requirement that collateral be maintained with a market value equal to or in excess of the principal amount loaned; as a result, there would be no adjustment or an immaterial adjustment for instrument-specific credit risk related to these agreements.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   175 Notes to consolidated financial statements Difference between aggregate fair value and aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding   The following table reflects the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  for loans, long-term debt and long-term beneficial interests for which the fair value option has been elected.     2017   2016 December 31, (in millions) Contractual principal outstanding   Fair value Fair value over/(under) contractual principal outstanding   Contractual principal outstanding   Fair value Fair value over/(under) contractual principal outstanding Loans (a)                   Nonaccrual loans                   Loans reported as trading assets $ 4,219   $ 1,371 $ (2,848 )   $ 3,338   $ 748 $ (2,590 ) Loans 39   — (39 )   —   — — Subtotal 4,258   1,371 (2,887 )   3,338   748 (2,590 ) All other performing loans                   Loans reported as trading assets 38,157   36,590 (1,567 )   35,477   33,054 (2,423 ) Loans 2,539   2,508 (31 )   2,259   2,228 (31 ) Total loans $ 44,954   $ 40,469 $ (4,485 )   $ 41,074   $ 36,030 $ (5,044 ) Long-term debt                   Principal-protected debt $ 26,297 (c)   $ 23,848 $ (2,449 )   $ 21,602 (c)   $ 19,195 $ (2,407 ) Nonprincipal-protected debt (b) NA   23,671 NA   NA   18,491 NA Total long-term debt NA   $ 47,519 NA   NA   $ 37,686 NA Long-term beneficial interests                   Nonprincipal-protected debt NA   $ 45 NA   NA   $ 120 NA Total long-term beneficial interests NA $ 45 NA   NA   $ 120 NA (a) There were  no  performing loans that were ninety days or more past due as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . (b) Remaining contractual principal is not applicable to nonprincipal-protected notes. Unlike principal-protected structured notes, for which the Firm is obligated to return a stated amount of principal at the maturity of the note, nonprincipal-protected structured notes do not obligate the Firm to return a stated amount of principal at maturity, but to return an amount based on the performance of an underlying variable or derivative feature embedded in the note. However, investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Firm as issuer for both nonprincipal-protected and principal protected notes. (c) Where the Firm issues principal-protected zero-coupon or discount notes, the balance reflects the contractual principal payment at maturity or, if applicable, the contractual principal payment at the Firm’s next call date. At   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  the contractual amount of lending-related commitments for which the fair value option was elected was   $7.4 billion  and  $4.6 billion  respectively,  with a corresponding fair value of   $(76) million  and  $(118) million ,  respectively. For further information regarding off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, see Note   27 . 176   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Structured note products by balance sheet classification and risk component The following table presents the fair value of the structured notes issued by the Firm, by balance sheet classification and the primary risk type.   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 (in millions) Long-term debt Short-term  borrowings Deposits Total   Long-term debt Short-term  borrowings Deposits Total Risk exposure                   Interest rate $ 22,056 $ 69 $ 8,058 $ 30,183   $ 16,296 $ 184 $ 4,296 $ 20,776 Credit 4,329 1,312 — 5,641   3,267 225 — 3,492 Foreign exchange 2,841 147 38 3,026   2,365 135 6 2,506 Equity 17,581 7,106 6,548 31,235   14,831 8,234 5,481 28,546 Commodity 230 15 4,468 4,713   488 37 1,811 2,336 Total structured notes $ 47,037 $ 8,649 $ 19,112 $ 74,798   $ 37,247 $ 8,815 $ 11,594 $ 57,656 Note 4 – Credit risk concentrations Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of clients, counterparties or customers are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the same geographic region, or when they have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. JPMorgan Chase   regularly monitors various segments of its credit portfolios to assess potential credit risk concentrations and to obtain additional collateral when deemed necessary and permitted under   the Firm’s   agreements. Senior management is significantly involved in the credit approval and review process, and risk levels are adjusted as needed to reflect   the Firm’s   risk appetite.   In   the Firm’s   consumer portfolio, concentrations are evaluated primarily by product and by U.S. geographic region, with a key focus on trends and concentrations at the portfolio level, where potential credit risk concentrations can be remedied through changes in underwriting policies and portfolio guidelines. In the wholesale portfolio, credit risk concentrations are evaluated primarily by industry and monitored regularly on both an aggregate portfolio level and on an individual client or counterparty basis.  The Firm’s  wholesale exposure is managed through loan syndications and participations, loan sales, securitizations, credit derivatives, master netting agreements, collateral and other risk-reduction techniques. For additional information on loans, see Note   12 . The Firm  does not believe that its exposure to any particular loan product (e.g., option  ARMs),  or industry segment (e.g., real estate), or its exposure to residential real estate loans with high LTV ratios, results in a significant concentration of credit risk.   Terms of loan products and collateral coverage are included in  the Firm’s  assessment when extending credit and establishing its allowance for loan losses.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   177 Notes to consolidated financial statements The table below presents both on–balance sheet and off–balance sheet consumer and wholesale-related credit exposure by  the Firm’s  three credit portfolio segments as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .  In 2017  the Firm  revised its methodology for the assignment of industry classifications, to better monitor and manage concentrations. This largely resulted in the re-assignment of holding companies from Other to the industry of risk category based on the primary business activity of the holding company's underlying entities. In the tables and industry discussions below, the prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.   2017   2016     Credit exposure (f) On-balance sheet Off-balance sheet (g)   Credit exposure On-balance sheet Off-balance sheet (g)   December 31, (in millions) Loans Derivatives   Loans Derivatives   Consumer, excluding credit card $ 421,234 $ 372,681 $ — $ 48,553   $ 417,891 $ 364,644 $ — $ 53,247 (h)   Receivables from customers (a) 133 — — —   120 — — —   Total Consumer, excluding credit card 421,367 372,681 — 48,553   418,011 364,644 — 53,247 (h)   Credit Card 722,342 149,511 — 572,831   695,707 141,816 — 553,891   Total consumer-related 1,143,709 522,192 — 621,384   1,113,718 506,460 — 607,138 (h)   Wholesale-related (b)                     Real Estate 139,409 113,648 153 25,608   134,287 105,802 207 28,278   Consumer & Retail 87,679 31,044 1,114 55,521   84,804 29,929 1,082 53,793   Technology, Media & Telecommunications 59,274 13,665 2,265 43,344   63,324 14,063 1,293 47,968   Healthcare 55,997 16,273 2,191 37,533   49,445 15,545 2,280 31,620   Industrials 55,272 18,161 1,163 35,948   55,733 17,295 1,658 36,780   Banks & Finance Cos 49,037 25,879 6,816 16,342   48,393 22,714 12,257 13,422   Oil & Gas 41,317 12,621 1,727 26,969   40,367 13,253 1,878 25,236   Asset Managers 32,531 11,480 7,998 13,053   33,201 10,339 10,820 12,042   Utilities 29,317 6,187 2,084 21,046   29,672 7,208 888 21,576   State & Municipal Govt (c) 28,633 12,134 2,888 13,611   28,263 12,416 2,096 13,751   Central Govt 19,182 3,375 13,937 1,870   20,408 3,964 14,235 2,209   Chemicals & Plastics 15,945 5,654 208 10,083   15,043 5,292 271 9,480   Transportation 15,797 6,733 977 8,087   19,096 8,996 751 9,349   Automotive 14,820 4,903 342 9,575   16,736 4,964 1,196 10,576   Metals & Mining 14,171 4,728 702 8,741   13,419 4,350 439 8,630   Insurance 14,089 1,411 2,804 9,874   13,510 1,119 3,382 9,009   Financial Markets Infrastructure 5,036 351 3,499 1,186   8,732 347 3,884 4,501   Securities Firms 4,113 952 1,692 1,469   4,211 1,059 1,913 1,239   All other (d) 147,900 113,699 3,963 30,238   137,238 105,135 3,548 28,555   Subtotal 829,519 402,898 56,523 370,098   815,882 383,790 64,078 368,014   Loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value 5,607 5,607 — —   4,515 4,515 — —   Receivables from customers and other (a) 26,139 — — —   17,440 — — —   Total wholesale-related 861,265 408,505 56,523 370,098   837,837 388,305 64,078 368,014   Total exposure (e)(f) $ 2,004,974 $ 930,697 $ 56,523 $ 991,482   $ 1,951,555 $ 894,765 $ 64,078 $ 975,152 (h)   (a) Receivables from customers primarily represent held-for-investment margin loans to brokerage customers (Prime Services in CIB, AWM and CCB) that are collateralized through assets maintained in the clients' brokerage accounts, as such no allowance is held against these receivables. These receivables are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Firm's Consolidated balance sheets. (b) The industry rankings presented in the table as of  December 31, 2016 , are based on the industry rankings of the corresponding exposures at  December 31, 2017 , not actual rankings of such exposures at  December 31, 2016 . (c) In addition to the credit risk exposure to states and municipal governments (both U.S. and non-U.S.) at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , noted above, the Firm held:  $9.8 billion  and  $9.1 billion , respectively, of trading securities;  $32.3 billion  and  $31.6 billion , respectively, of AFS securities; and  $14.4 billion  and  $14.5 billion , respectively, of HTM securities, issued by U.S. state and municipal governments. For further information, see Note  2  and Note  10 . (d) All other includes: individuals; SPEs; and private education and civic organizations. For more information on exposures to SPEs, see Note  14 . (e) Excludes cash placed with banks of  $421.0 billion  and  $380.2 billion , at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, which is predominantly placed with various central banks, primarily Federal Reserve Banks. (f) Credit exposure is net of risk participations and excludes the benefit of credit derivatives used in credit portfolio management activities held against derivative receivables or loans and liquid securities and other cash collateral held against derivative receivables. (g) Represents lending-related financial instruments. (h) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 178   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 5 – Derivative instruments  Derivative contracts derive their value from underlying asset prices, indices, reference rates, other inputs or a combination of these factors and may expose counterparties to risks and rewards of an underlying asset or liability without having to initially invest in, own or exchange the asset or liability.  JPMorgan Chase  makes markets in derivatives for clients and also uses derivatives to hedge or manage its own risk exposures. Predominantly all of  the Firm’s  derivatives are entered into for market-making or risk management purposes.   Market-making derivatives   The majority of  the Firm’s  derivatives are entered into for market-making purposes. Clients use derivatives to mitigate or modify interest rate, credit, foreign exchange, equity and commodity risks.  The Firm  actively manages the risks from its exposure to these derivatives by entering into other derivative transactions or by purchasing or selling other financial instruments that partially or fully offset the exposure from client derivatives.   Risk management derivatives   The Firm  manages certain market and credit risk exposures using derivative instruments, including derivatives in hedge accounting relationships and other derivatives that are used to manage risks associated with specified assets and liabilities.   Interest rate contracts are used to minimize fluctuations in earnings that are caused by changes in interest rates. Fixed-rate assets and liabilities appreciate or depreciate in market value as interest rates change. Similarly, interest income and expense increases or decreases as a result of variable-rate assets and liabilities resetting to current market rates, and as a result of the repayment and subsequent origination or issuance of fixed-rate assets and liabilities at current market rates. Gains or losses on the derivative instruments that are related to such assets and liabilities are expected to substantially offset this variability in earnings.  The Firm  generally uses interest rate swaps, forwards and futures to manage the impact of interest rate fluctuations on earnings.   Foreign currency forward contracts are used to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency–denominated (i.e., non-U.S. dollar) assets and liabilities and forecasted transactions, as well as  the Firm’s  net investments in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries or branches whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. As a result of fluctuations in foreign currencies, the U.S. dollar–equivalent values of the foreign currency–denominated assets and liabilities or the forecasted revenues or expenses increase or decrease. Gains or losses on the derivative instruments related to these foreign currency–denominated assets or liabilities, or forecasted transactions, are expected to substantially offset this variability.     Commodities contracts are used to manage the price risk of certain commodities inventories. Gains or losses on these derivative instruments are expected to substantially offset the depreciation or appreciation of the related inventory.   Credit derivatives are used to manage the counterparty credit risk associated with loans and lending-related commitments. Credit derivatives compensate the purchaser when the entity referenced in the contract experiences a credit event, such as bankruptcy or a failure to pay an obligation when due. Credit derivatives primarily consist of CDS. For a further discussion of credit derivatives, see the discussion in the Credit derivatives section on   pages 189–191   of this Note.   For more information about risk management derivatives, see the risk management derivatives gains and losses table on   page 189   of this Note, and the hedge accounting gains and losses tables on   pages 187–189   of this Note.   Derivative counterparties and settlement types   The Firm  enters into OTC derivatives ,  which are negotiated and settled bilaterally with the derivative counterparty.  The Firm  also enters into, as principal, certain  ETD  such as futures and options, and  OTC-cleared  derivative contracts with CCPs.   ETD contracts are generally standardized contracts traded on an exchange and cleared by the CCP, which is  the Firm’s  counterparty from the inception of the transactions. OTC-cleared derivatives are traded on a bilateral basis and then novated to the CCP for clearing.   Derivative clearing services   The Firm  provides clearing services for clients in which  the Firm  acts as a clearing member at certain derivative exchanges and clearing houses.  The Firm  does not reflect the clients’ derivative contracts in its Consolidated Financial Statements. For further information on  the Firm’s  clearing services, see Note   27 . Accounting for derivatives   All free-standing derivatives that  the Firm  executes for its own account are required to be recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets at fair value.   As permitted under U.S. GAAP , the Firm  nets derivative assets and liabilities, and the related cash collateral receivables and payables, when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists between  the Firm  and the derivative counterparty. For further discussion of the offsetting of assets and liabilities, see  Note  1 .  The accounting for changes in value of a derivative depends on whether or not the transaction has been designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges are reported and measured at fair value through earnings. The tabular disclosures on   pages 183–189   of this Note provide additional information on the amount of, and reporting for, derivative assets, liabilities, gains and losses. For further discussion of derivatives embedded in structured notes, see Notes   2  and  3 .  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   179 Notes to consolidated financial statements Derivatives designated as hedges   The Firm  applies hedge accounting to certain derivatives executed for risk management purposes – generally interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity derivatives. However,  JPMorgan Chase  does not seek to apply hedge accounting to all of the derivatives involved in  the Firm’s  risk management activities. For example,  the Firm  does not apply hedge accounting to purchased CDS used to manage the credit risk of loans and lending-related commitments, because of the difficulties in qualifying such contracts as hedges. For the same reason,  the Firm  does not apply hedge accounting to certain interest rate ,  foreign exchange , and commodity  derivatives used for risk management purposes.    To qualify for hedge accounting, a derivative must be highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. In addition, for a derivative to be designated as a hedge, the risk management objective and strategy must be documented. Hedge documentation must identify the derivative hedging instrument, the asset or liability or forecasted transaction and type of risk to be hedged, and how the effectiveness of the derivative is assessed prospectively and retrospectively. To assess effectiveness,  the Firm  uses statistical methods such as regression analysis, as well as nonstatistical methods including dollar-value comparisons of the change in the fair value of the derivative to the change in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. The extent to which a derivative has been, and is expected to continue to be, effective at offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item must be assessed and documented at least quarterly. Any hedge ineffectiveness (i.e., the amount by which the gain or loss on the designated derivative instrument does not exactly offset the change in the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk) must be reported in current-period earnings. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued.     There are three types of hedge accounting designations: fair value hedges, cash flow hedges and net investment hedges.  JPMorgan Chase  uses fair value hedges primarily to hedge fixed-rate long-term debt, AFS securities and certain commodities inventories. For qualifying fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of the derivative, and in the value of the hedged item for the risk being hedged, are recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the adjustment to the hedged item continues to be reported as part of the basis of the hedged item, and for benchmark interest rate hedges, is amortized to earnings as a yield adjustment. Derivative amounts affecting earnings are recognized consistent with the classification of the hedged item – primarily net interest income and principal transactions revenue.   JPMorgan Chase  uses cash flow hedges primarily to hedge the exposure to variability in forecasted cash flows from floating-rate assets and liabilities and foreign currency–denominated revenue and expense. For qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in OCI and recognized in the Consolidated statements of income when the hedged cash flows affect earnings. Derivative amounts affecting earnings are recognized consistent with the classification of the hedged item – primarily interest income, interest expense, noninterest revenue and compensation expense. The ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is terminated, then the value of the derivative recorded in  AOCI  is recognized in earnings when the cash flows that were hedged affect earnings. For hedge relationships that are discontinued because a forecasted transaction is not expected to occur according to the original hedge forecast, any related derivative values recorded in AOCI are immediately recognized in earnings.   JPMorgan Chase  uses net investment hedges to protect the value of  the Firm’s  net investments in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries or branches whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. For foreign currency qualifying net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded in the translation adjustments account within AOCI.   180   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table outlines  the Firm’s  primary uses of derivatives and the related hedge accounting designation or disclosure category. Type of Derivative Use of Derivative Designation and disclosure Affected segment or unit Page reference Manage specifically identified risk exposures in qualifying hedge accounting relationships:       • Interest rate Hedge fixed rate assets and liabilities Fair value hedge Corporate 187 • Interest rate Hedge floating-rate assets and liabilities Cash flow hedge Corporate 188 • Foreign exchange  Hedge foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities Fair value hedge Corporate 187 • Foreign exchange  Hedge foreign currency-denominated forecasted revenue and expense Cash flow hedge Corporate 188 • Foreign exchange  Hedge the value of the Firm’s investments in non-U.S. dollar functional currency entities Net investment hedge Corporate 189 • Commodity  Hedge commodity inventory Fair value hedge CIB 187 Manage specifically identified risk exposures not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships:       • Interest rate Manage the risk of the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans and MSRs Specified risk management CCB 189 • Credit Manage the credit risk of wholesale lending exposures Specified risk management CIB 189 • Commodity Manage the risk of certain commodities-related contracts and investments Specified risk management CIB 189 • Interest rate and foreign exchange Manage the risk of certain other specified assets and liabilities Specified risk management Corporate 189 Market-making derivatives and other activities:       • Various Market-making and related risk management Market-making and other CIB 189 • Various Other derivatives Market-making and other CIB, Corporate 189 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   181 Notes to consolidated financial statements Notional amount of derivative contracts   The following table summarizes the notional amount of derivative contracts outstanding as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .   Notional amounts (b) December 31, (in billions) 2017   2016 Interest rate contracts       Swaps $ 21,043   $ 22,000 Futures and forwards 4,904   5,289 Written options 3,576   3,091 Purchased options 3,987   3,482 Total interest rate contracts 33,510   33,862 Credit derivatives (a) 1,522   2,032 Foreign exchange contracts       Cross-currency swaps 3,953   3,359 Spot, futures and forwards 5,923   5,341 Written options 786   734 Purchased options 776   721 Total foreign exchange contracts 11,438   10,155 Equity contracts       Swaps 367   258 Futures and forwards 90   59 Written options 531   417 Purchased options 453   345 Total equity contracts 1,441   1,079 Commodity contracts       Swaps 116   102 Spot, futures and forwards 168   130 Written options 98   83 Purchased options 93   94 Total commodity contracts 475   409 Total derivative notional amounts $ 48,386   $ 47,537 (a)  For more information on volumes and types of credit derivative contracts, see the Credit derivatives discussion on  pages 189–191 . (b)  Represents the sum of gross long and gross short third-party notional derivative contracts. While the notional amounts disclosed above give an indication of the volume of  the Firm’s  derivatives activity, the notional amounts significantly exceed, in  the Firm’s  view, the possible losses that could arise from such transactions. For most derivative transactions, the notional amount is not exchanged; it is used simply as a reference to calculate payments.   182   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Impact of derivatives on the Consolidated balance sheets   The following table summarizes information on derivative receivables and payables (before and after netting adjustments) that are reflected on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  by accounting designation (e.g., whether the derivatives were designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships or not) and contract type. Gross derivative balances as of December 31, 2017, reflect  the Firm’s  adoption of rulebook changes made by two CCPs, that require or allow  the Firm  to treat certain OTC-cleared derivative transactions with that CCP as settled each day. If such rulebook changes had been in effect as of December 31, 2016, the impact would have been a reduction in gross derivative receivables and payables of   $227.1 billion   and   $224.7 billion , respectively, and a corresponding decrease in amounts netted, with no impact to the Consolidated balance sheets.   Free-standing derivative receivables and payables (a)                     Gross derivative receivables       Gross derivative payables     December 31, 2017 (in millions) Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative receivables   Net derivative receivables (b)   Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative payables   Net derivative payables (b) Trading assets and liabilities                             Interest rate $ 313,276   $ 2,716   $ 315,992   $ 24,673   $ 283,092   $ 1,344 $ 284,436   $ 7,129 Credit 23,205   —   23,205   869   23,252   — 23,252   1,299 Foreign exchange 159,740   491   160,231   16,151   154,601   1,221 155,822   12,473 Equity 40,040   —   40,040   7,882   45,395   — 45,395   9,192 Commodity 20,066   19   20,085   6,948   21,498   403 21,901   7,684 Total fair value of trading assets and liabilities $ 556,327   $ 3,226   $ 559,553   $ 56,523   $ 527,838   $ 2,968 $ 530,806   $ 37,777                                 Gross derivative receivables       Gross derivative payables     December 31, 2016 (in millions) Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative receivables   Net derivative receivables (b)   Not designated as hedges   Designated as hedges Total derivative payables   Net derivative payables (b) Trading assets and liabilities                             Interest rate $ 601,557   $ 4,406   $ 605,963   $ 28,302   $ 567,894   $ 2,884 $ 570,778   $ 10,815 Credit 29,645   —   29,645   1,294   28,666   — 28,666   1,411 Foreign exchange 232,137   1,289   233,426   23,271   233,823   1,148 234,971   20,508 Equity 34,940   —   34,940   4,939   38,362   — 38,362   8,140 Commodity 18,505   137   18,642   6,272   20,283   179 20,462   8,357 Total fair value of trading assets and liabilities $ 916,784   $ 5,832   $ 922,616   $ 64,078   $ 889,028   $ 4,211 $ 893,239   $ 49,231 (a) Balances exclude structured notes for which the fair value option has been elected. See Note  3  for further information. (b) As permitted under U.S. GAAP, the Firm has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral receivables and payables when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   183 Notes to consolidated financial statements Derivatives netting The following tables present, as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 , gross and net derivative receivables and payables by contract and settlement type. Derivative receivables and payables, as well as the related cash collateral from the same counterparty, have been netted on the Consolidated balance sheets where  the Firm  has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement. Where such a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, amounts are not eligible for netting on the Consolidated balance sheets, and those derivative receivables and payables are shown separately in the tables below.   In addition to the cash collateral received and transferred that is presented on a net basis with derivative receivables and payables,  the Firm  receives and transfers additional collateral (financial instruments and cash). These amounts mitigate counterparty credit risk associated with  the Firm’s  derivative instruments, but are not eligible for net presentation:   • collateral that consists of non-cash financial instruments (generally U.S. government and agency securities and other G7 government securities) and cash collateral held at third party custodians, which are shown separately as “Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets” in the tables below, up to the fair value exposure amount.   • the amount of collateral held or transferred that exceeds the fair value exposure at the individual counterparty level, as of the date presented, which is excluded from the tables below; and   • collateral held or transferred that relates to derivative receivables or payables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained with respect to the master netting agreement, which is excluded from the tables below.     2017   2016 December 31, (in millions) Gross derivative receivables Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative receivables   Gross derivative receivables   Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative receivables U.S. GAAP nettable derivative receivables                     Interest rate contracts:                     Over-the-counter (“OTC”) $ 305,569 $ (284,917 )   $ 20,652   $ 365,227   $ (342,173 )   $ 23,054 OTC–cleared 6,531 (6,318 )   213   235,399   (235,261 )   138 Exchange-traded (a) 185 (84 )   101   241   (227 )   14 Total interest rate contracts 312,285 (291,319 )   20,966   600,867   (577,661 )   23,206 Credit contracts:                     OTC 15,390 (15,165 )   225   23,130   (22,612 )   518 OTC–cleared 7,225 (7,170 )   55   5,746   (5,739 )   7 Total credit contracts 22,615 (22,335 )   280   28,876   (28,351 )   525 Foreign exchange contracts:                     OTC 155,289 (142,420 )   12,869   226,271   (208,962 )   17,309 OTC–cleared 1,696 (1,654 )   42   1,238   (1,165 )   73 Exchange-traded (a) 141 (7 )   134   104   (27 )   77 Total foreign exchange contracts 157,126 (144,081 )   13,045   227,613   (210,154 )   17,459 Equity contracts:                     OTC 22,024 (19,917 )   2,107   20,868   (20,570 )   298 Exchange-traded (a) 14,188 (12,241 )   1,947   11,439   (9,431 )   2,008 Total equity contracts 36,212 (32,158 )   4,054   32,307   (30,001 )   2,306 Commodity contracts:                     OTC 10,903 (4,436 )   6,467   11,571   (5,605 )   5,966 Exchange-traded (a) 8,854 (8,701 )   153   6,794   (6,766 )   28 Total commodity contracts 19,757 (13,137 )   6,620   18,365   (12,371 )   5,994 Derivative receivables with appropriate legal opinion 547,995 (503,030 ) (b)   44,965   908,028   (858,538 ) (b)   49,490 Derivative receivables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained 11,558     11,558   14,588       14,588 Total derivative receivables recognized on the Consolidated balance sheets $ 559,553     $ 56,523   $ 922,616       $ 64,078 Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (c)(d)       (13,363 )           (18,638 ) Net amounts       $ 43,160           $ 45,440 184   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   2017   2016 December 31, (in millions) Gross derivative payables Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative payables   Gross derivative payables   Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Net derivative payables U.S. GAAP nettable derivative payables                     Interest rate contracts:                     OTC $ 276,960 $ (271,294 )   $ 5,666   $ 338,502   $ (329,325 )   $ 9,177 OTC–cleared 6,004 (5,928 )   76   230,464   (230,463 )   1 Exchange-traded (a) 127 (84 )   43   196   (175 )   21 Total interest rate contracts 283,091 (277,306 )   5,785   569,162   (559,963 )   9,199 Credit contracts:                     OTC 16,194 (15,170 )   1,024   22,366   (21,614 )   752 OTC–cleared 6,801 (6,784 )   17   5,641   (5,641 )   — Total credit contracts 22,995 (21,954 )   1,041   28,007   (27,255 )   752 Foreign exchange contracts:                     OTC 150,966 (141,789 )   9,177   228,300   (213,296 )   15,004 OTC–cleared 1,555 (1,553 )   2   1,158   (1,158 )   — Exchange-traded (a) 98 (7 )   91   328   (9 )   319 Total foreign exchange contracts 152,619 (143,349 )   9,270   229,786   (214,463 )   15,323 Equity contracts:                     OTC 28,193 (23,969 )   4,224   24,688   (20,808 )   3,880 Exchange-traded (a) 12,720 (12,234 )   486   10,004   (9,414 )   590 Total equity contracts 40,913 (36,203 )   4,710   34,692   (30,222 )   4,470 Commodity contracts:                     OTC 12,645 (5,508 )   7,137   12,885   (5,252 )   7,633 Exchange-traded (a) 8,870 (8,709 )   161   7,099   (6,853 )   246 Total commodity contracts 21,515 (14,217 )   7,298   19,984   (12,105 )   7,879 Derivative payables with appropriate legal opinion 521,133 (493,029 ) (b)   28,104   881,631   (844,008 ) (b)   37,623 Derivative payables where an appropriate legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained 9,673     9,673   11,608       11,608 Total derivative payables recognized on the Consolidated balance sheets $ 530,806     $ 37,777   $ 893,239       $ 49,231 Collateral not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (c)(d)       (4,180 )           (8,925 ) Net amounts       $ 33,597           $ 40,306 (a) Exchange-traded derivative balances that relate to futures contracts are settled daily. (b) Net derivatives receivable included cash collateral netted of  $55.5 billion  and  $71.9 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. Net derivatives payable included cash collateral netted of  $45.5 billion  and  $57.3 billion  related to OTC and OTC-cleared derivatives at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. (c) Represents liquid security collateral as well as cash collateral held at third-party custodians related to derivative instruments where an appropriate legal opinion has been obtained. For some counterparties, the collateral amounts of financial instruments may exceed the derivative receivables and derivative payables balances. Where this is the case, the total amount reported is limited to the net derivative receivables and net derivative payables balances with that counterparty. (d) Derivative collateral relates only to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative instruments. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   185 Notes to consolidated financial statements Liquidity risk and credit-related contingent features   In addition to the specific market risks introduced by each derivative contract type, derivatives expose  JPMorgan Chase  to credit risk — the risk that derivative counterparties may fail to meet their payment obligations under the derivative contracts and the collateral, if any, held by  the Firm  proves to be of insufficient value to cover the payment obligation. It is the policy of  JPMorgan Chase  to actively pursue, where possible, the use of legally enforceable master netting arrangements and collateral agreements to mitigate derivative counterparty credit risk. The amount of derivative receivables reported on the Consolidated balance sheets is the fair value of the derivative contracts after giving effect to legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held by  the Firm. While derivative receivables expose  the Firm  to credit risk, derivative payables expose  the Firm  to liquidity risk, as the derivative contracts typically require  the Firm  to post cash or securities collateral with counterparties as the fair value    of the contracts moves in the counterparties’ favor or upon specified downgrades in  the Firm’s and  its subsidiaries’ respective credit ratings. Certain derivative contracts also provide for termination of the contract, generally upon a downgrade of either  the Firm  or the counterparty, at the fair value of the derivative contracts. The following table shows the aggregate fair value of net derivative payables related to OTC and OTC-cleared derivatives that contain contingent collateral or termination features that may be triggered upon a ratings downgrade, and the associated collateral  the Firm  has posted in the normal course of business, at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 . OTC and OTC-cleared derivative payables containing downgrade triggers December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Aggregate fair value of net derivative payables $ 11,916 $ 21,550 Collateral posted 9,973 19,383 The following table shows the impact of a single-notch and two-notch downgrade of the long-term issuer ratings of  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  and its subsidiaries , predominantly JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”),  at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  related to OTC and OTC-cleared derivative contracts with contingent collateral or termination features that may be triggered upon a ratings downgrade. Derivatives contracts generally require additional collateral to be posted or terminations to be triggered when the predefined threshold rating is breached. A downgrade by a single rating agency that does not result in a rating lower than a preexisting corresponding rating provided by another major rating agency will generally not result in additional collateral (except in certain instances in which additional initial margin may be required upon a ratings downgrade), nor in termination payments requirements. The liquidity impact in the table is calculated based upon a downgrade below the lowest current rating of the rating agencies referred to in the derivative contract.   Liquidity impact of downgrade triggers on OTC and OTC-cleared derivatives   2017   2016 December 31, (in millions) Single-notch downgrade Two-notch downgrade   Single-notch downgrade Two-notch downgrade Amount of additional collateral to be posted upon downgrade (a) $ 79 $ 1,989   $ 560 $ 2,497 Amount required to settle contracts with termination triggers upon downgrade (b) 320 650   606 1,049 (a) Includes the additional collateral to be posted for initial margin. (b) Amounts represent fair values of derivative payables, and do not reflect collateral posted. Derivatives executed in contemplation of a sale of the underlying financial asset In certain instances  the Firm  enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets but maintains the economic exposure to the transferred assets by entering into a derivative with the same counterparty in contemplation of the initial transfer.  The Firm  generally accounts for such transfers as collateralized financing transactions as described in  Note  11 ,  but in limited circumstances they may qualify to be accounted for as a sale and a derivative under U.S. GAAP. There were no such transfers accounted for as a sale where the associated derivative was outstanding at   December 31, 2017 ,  and such transfers at   December 31, 2016   were not material.   186   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Impact of derivatives on the Consolidated statements of income The following tables provide information related to gains and losses recorded on derivatives based on their hedge accounting   designation or purpose.   Fair value hedge gains and losses   The following tables present derivative instruments, by contract type, used in fair value hedge accounting relationships, as well as pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on such derivatives and the related hedged items for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  respectively.  The Firm  includes gains/(losses) on the hedging derivative and the related hedged item in the same line item in the Consolidated statements of income.     Gains/(losses) recorded in income   Income statement impact due to: Year ended December 31, 2017 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Total income statement impact   Hedge ineffectiveness (e) Excluded components (f) Contract type                   Interest rate (a)(b) $ (481 )   $ 1,359   $ 878   $ (18 )   $ 896 Foreign exchange (c) (3,509 )   3,507   (2 )   —   (2 ) Commodity (d) (1,275 )   1,348   73   29   44 Total $ (5,265 )   $ 6,214   $ 949   $ 11   $ 938                       Gains/(losses) recorded in income   Income statement impact due to: Year ended December 31, 2016 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Total income statement impact   Hedge ineffectiveness (e) Excluded components (f) Contract type                   Interest rate (a)(b) $ (482 )   $ 1,338   $ 856   $ 6   $ 850 Foreign exchange (c) 2,435   (2,261 )   174   —   174 Commodity (d) (536 )   586   50   (9 )   59 Total $ 1,417   $ (337 )   $ 1,080   $ (3 )   $ 1,083                       Gains/(losses) recorded in income   Income statement impact due to: Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Derivatives Hedged items Total income statement impact   Hedge ineffectiveness (e) Excluded components (f) Contract type                   Interest rate (a)(b) $ 38   $ 911   $ 949   $ 3   $ 946 Foreign exchange (c) 6,030   (6,006 )   24   —   24 Commodity (d) 1,153   (1,142 )   11   (13 )   24 Total $ 7,221   $ (6,237 )   $ 984   $ (10 )   $ 994 (a) Primarily consists of hedges of the benchmark (e.g., London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”)) interest rate risk of fixed-rate long-term debt and AFS securities. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income.  (b) Excludes the amortization expense associated with the inception hedge accounting adjustment applied to the hedged item. This expense is recorded in net interest income and substantially offsets the income statement impact of the excluded components.  (c) Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of long-term debt and AFS securities for changes in spot foreign currency rates. Gains and losses related to the derivatives and the hedged items, due to changes in foreign currency rates, were recorded primarily in principal transactions revenue and net interest income. (d) Consists of overall fair value hedges of physical commodities inventories that are generally carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value (net realizable value approximates fair value). Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. (e) Hedge ineffectiveness is the amount by which the gain or loss on the designated derivative instrument does not exactly offset the gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. (f) The assessment of hedge effectiveness excludes certain components of the changes in fair values of the derivatives and hedged items such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts and time values.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   187 Notes to consolidated financial statements Cash flow hedge gains and losses   The following tables present derivative instruments, by contract type, used in cash flow hedge accounting relationships, and the pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on such derivatives, for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  respectively.  The Firm  includes the gain/(loss) on the hedging derivative and the change in cash flows on the hedged item in the same line item in the Consolidated statements of income.       Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss) Year ended December 31, 2017 (in millions) Derivatives – effective portion reclassified from AOCI to income Hedge ineffectiveness recorded directly in income (c) Total income statement impact Derivatives – effective portion recorded in OCI   Total change  in OCI  for period Contract type                         Interest rate (a)   $ (17 )     $ —     $ (17 )   $ 12   $ 29 Foreign exchange (b)   (117 )     —     (117 )   135   252 Total   $ (134 )     $ —     $ (134 )   $ 147   $ 281     Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss) Year ended December 31, 2016 (in millions) Derivatives – effective portion reclassified from AOCI to income Hedge ineffectiveness recorded directly in income (c) Total income statement impact Derivatives – effective portion recorded in OCI   Total change  in OCI  for period Contract type                         Interest rate (a)   $ (74 )     $ —     $ (74 )   $ (55 )   $ 19 Foreign exchange (b)   (286 )     —     (286 )   (395 )   (109 ) Total   $ (360 )     $ —     $ (360 )   $ (450 )   $ (90 )                               Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss) Year ended December 31, 2015 (in millions) Derivatives – effective portion reclassified from AOCI to income Hedge ineffectiveness recorded directly in income (c) Total income statement impact Derivatives – effective portion recorded in OCI   Total change  in OCI  for period Contract type                         Interest rate (a)   $ (99 )     $ —     $ (99 )   $ (44 )   $ 55 Foreign exchange (b)   (81 )     —     (81 )   (53 )   28 Total   $ (180 )     $ —     $ (180 )   $ (97 )   $ 83 (a) Primarily consists of benchmark interest rate hedges of LIBOR-indexed floating-rate assets and floating-rate liabilities. Gains and losses were recorded in net interest income. (b) Primarily consists of hedges of the foreign currency risk of non-U.S. dollar-denominated revenue and expense. The income statement classification of gains and losses follows the hedged item – primarily noninterest revenue and compensation expense. (c) Hedge ineffectiveness is the amount by which the cumulative gain or loss on the designated derivative instrument exceeds the present value of the cumulative expected change in cash flows on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. The Firm  did not experience any forecasted transactions that failed to occur for the years ended  2017 and 2016.  In 2015,  the Firm  reclassified approximately   $150 million   of net losses from AOCI to other income because  the Firm  determined that it was probable that the forecasted interest payment cash flows would not occur as a result of the planned reduction in wholesale non-operating deposits.   Over the next 12 months,  the Firm  expects that approximately   $96 million   (after-tax) of net gains recorded in AOCI at   December 31, 2017 ,  related to cash flow hedges will be recognized in income. For terminated cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are remaining is approximately   five years .  For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is approximately   seven years . The Firm’s  longer-dated forecasted transactions relate to core lending and borrowing activities.   188   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Net investment hedge gains and losses   The following table presents hedging instruments, by contract type, that were used in net investment hedge accounting relationships, and the pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on such instruments for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 .   Gains/(losses) recorded in income and other comprehensive income/(loss)   2017   2016   2015 Year ended December 31, (in millions) Excluded components recorded directly in income (a) Effective portion recorded in OCI   Excluded components recorded directly in income (a) Effective portion recorded in OCI   Excluded components recorded directly in income (a) Effective portion recorded in OCI Foreign exchange derivatives $(172) $(1,294)   $(282) $262   $(379) $1,885 (a) Certain components of hedging derivatives are permitted to be excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, such as forward points on foreign exchange forward contracts. Amounts related to excluded components are recorded in other income. The Firm measures the ineffectiveness of net investment hedge accounting relationships based on changes in spot foreign currency rates and, therefore, there was no significant ineffectiveness for net investment hedge accounting relationships during  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Gains and losses on derivatives used for specified risk management purposes   The following table presents pre-tax gains/(losses) recorded on a limited number of derivatives, not designated in hedge accounting relationships, that are used to manage risks associated with certain specified assets and liabilities, including certain risks arising from the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans, MSRs, wholesale lending exposures ,  foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities , and commodities-related contracts and investments.    Derivatives gains/(losses)  recorded in income Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Contract type       Interest rate (a) $ 331 $ 1,174 $ 853 Credit (b) (74 ) (282 ) 70 Foreign exchange (c) (33 ) 27 25 Commodity (d) — — (12 ) Total $ 224 $ 919 $ 936 (a) Primarily represents interest rate derivatives used to hedge the interest rate risk inherent in the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans and MSRs, as well as written commitments to originate warehouse loans. Gains and losses were recorded predominantly in mortgage fees and related income. (b) Relates to credit derivatives used to mitigate credit risk associated with lending exposures in the Firm’s wholesale businesses. These derivatives do not include credit derivatives used to mitigate counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables, which is included in gains and losses on derivatives related to market-making activities and other derivatives. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. (c) Primarily relates to derivatives used to mitigate foreign exchange risk of specified foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue. (d) Primarily relates to commodity derivatives used to mitigate energy price risk associated with energy-related contracts and investments. Gains and losses were recorded in principal transactions revenue.   Gains and losses on derivatives related to market-making activities and other derivatives   The Firm  makes markets in derivatives in order to meet the needs of customers and uses derivatives to manage certain risks associated with net open risk positions from  its  market-making activities, including the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative receivables. All derivatives not included in the hedge accounting or specified risk management categories above are included in this category. Gains and losses on these derivatives are primarily recorded in principal transactions revenue. See Note   6   for information on principal transactions revenue.   Credit derivatives   Credit derivatives are financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit risk associated with the debt of a third-party issuer (the reference entity) and which allow one party (the protection purchaser) to transfer that risk to another party (the protection seller). Credit derivatives expose the protection purchaser to the creditworthiness of the protection seller, as the protection seller is required to make payments under the contract when the reference entity experiences a credit event, such as a bankruptcy, a failure to pay its obligation or a restructuring. The seller of credit protection receives a premium for providing protection but has the risk that the underlying instrument referenced in the contract will be subject to a credit event.   The Firm  is both a purchaser and seller of protection in the credit derivatives market and uses these derivatives for two primary purposes. First, in its capacity as a market-maker,  the Firm  actively manages a portfolio of credit derivatives by purchasing and selling credit protection, predominantly on corporate debt obligations, to meet the needs of customers. Second, as an end-user,  the Firm  uses credit derivatives to manage credit risk associated with lending exposures (loans and unfunded commitments) and derivatives counterparty exposures in  the Firm’s  wholesale businesses, and to manage the credit risk arising from certain financial instruments in  the Firm’s  market-making businesses. Following is a summary of various types of credit derivatives.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   189 Notes to consolidated financial statements Credit default swaps   Credit derivatives may reference the credit of either a single reference entity (“single-name”) or a broad-based index.  The Firm  purchases and sells protection on both single- name and index-reference obligations. Single-name CDS and index CDS contracts are either OTC or OTC-cleared derivative contracts. Single-name CDS are used to manage the default risk of a single reference entity, while index CDS contracts are used to manage the credit risk associated with the broader credit markets or credit market segments. Like the S&P 500 and other market indices, a CDS index consists of a portfolio of CDS across many reference entities. New series of CDS indices are periodically established with a new underlying portfolio of reference entities to reflect changes in the credit markets. If one of the reference entities in the index experiences a credit event, then the reference entity that defaulted is removed from the index. CDS can also be referenced against specific portfolios of reference names or against customized exposure levels based on specific client demands: for example, to provide protection against the first   $1 million   of realized credit losses in a   $10 million   portfolio of exposure. Such structures are commonly known as tranche CDS.   For both single-name CDS contracts and index CDS contracts, upon the occurrence of a credit event, under the terms of a CDS contract neither party to the CDS contract has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value of the reference obligation at settlement of the credit derivative contract, also known as the recovery value. The protection purchaser does not need to hold the debt instrument of the underlying reference entity in order to receive amounts due under the CDS contract when a credit event occurs.     Credit-related notes   A credit-related note is a funded credit derivative where the issuer of the credit-related note purchases from the note investor credit protection on a reference entity or an index. Under the contract, the investor pays the issuer the par value of the note at the inception of the transaction, and in return, the issuer pays periodic payments to the investor, based on the credit risk of the referenced entity. The issuer also repays the investor the par value of the note at maturity unless the reference entity (or one of the entities that makes up a reference index) experiences a specified credit event. If a credit event occurs, the issuer is not obligated to repay the par value of the note, but rather, the issuer pays the investor the difference between the par value of the note and the fair value of the defaulted reference obligation at the time of settlement. Neither party to the credit-related note has recourse to the defaulting reference entity. The following tables present a summary of the notional amounts of credit derivatives and credit-related notes  the Firm  sold and purchased as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .  Upon a credit event,  the Firm  as a seller of protection would typically pay out only a percentage of the full notional amount of net protection sold, as the amount actually required to be paid on the contracts takes into account the recovery value of the reference obligation at the time of settlement.  The Firm  manages the credit risk on contracts to sell protection by purchasing protection with identical or similar underlying reference entities. Other purchased protection referenced in the following tables includes credit derivatives bought on related, but not identical, reference positions (including indices, portfolio coverage and other reference points) as well as protection purchased through credit-related notes.   190   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The Firm  does not use notional amounts of credit derivatives as the primary measure of risk management for such derivatives, because the notional amount does not take into account the probability of the occurrence of a credit event, the recovery value of the reference obligation, or related cash instruments and economic hedges, each of which reduces, in  the Firm’s  view, the risks associated with such derivatives.   Total credit derivatives and credit-related notes   Maximum payout/Notional amount   Protection sold   Protection purchased with identical underlyings (b) Net protection (sold)/purchased (c) Other protection purchased (d) December 31, 2017  (in millions) Credit derivatives               Credit default swaps $ (690,224 )     $ 702,098   $ 11,874 $ 5,045 Other credit derivatives (a) (54,157 )     59,158   5,001 11,747 Total credit derivatives (744,381 )     761,256   16,875 16,792 Credit-related notes (18 )     —   (18 ) 7,915 Total $ (744,399 )     $ 761,256   $ 16,857 $ 24,707                   Maximum payout/Notional amount   Protection sold   Protection purchased with identical underlyings (b) Net protection (sold)/purchased (c) Other protection purchased (d) December 31, 2016 (in millions) Credit derivatives               Credit default swaps $ (961,003 )     $ 974,252   $ 13,249 $ 7,935 Other credit derivatives (a) (36,829 )     31,859   (4,970 ) 19,991 Total credit derivatives (997,832 )     1,006,111   8,279 27,926 Credit-related notes (41 )     —   (41 ) 4,505 Total $ (997,873 )     $ 1,006,111   $ 8,238 $ 32,431   (a) Other credit derivatives largely consists of credit swap options. (b) Represents the total notional amount of protection purchased where the underlying reference instrument is identical to the reference instrument on protection sold; the notional amount of protection purchased for each individual identical underlying reference instrument may be greater or lower than the notional amount of protection sold. (c) Does not take into account the fair value of the reference obligation at the time of settlement, which would generally reduce the amount the seller of protection pays to the buyer of protection in determining settlement value.  (d) Represents protection purchased by the Firm on referenced instruments (single-name, portfolio or index) where the Firm has not sold any protection on the identical reference instrument. The following tables summarize the notional amounts by the ratings, maturity profile, and total fair value, of credit derivatives and credit-related notes as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  where   JPMorgan Chase   is the seller of protection. The maturity profile is based on the remaining contractual maturity of the credit derivative contracts. The ratings profile is based on the rating of the reference entity on which the credit derivative contract is based. The ratings and maturity profile of credit derivatives and credit-related notes where  JPMorgan Chase  is the purchaser of protection are comparable to the profile reflected below.   Protection sold – credit derivatives and credit-related notes ratings (a) /maturity profile         December 31, 2017 (in millions) <1 year   1–5 years   >5 years   Total notional amount   Fair value of receivables (b)   Fair value of payables (b)   Net fair value Risk rating of reference entity                           Investment-grade $ (159,286 )   $ (319,726 )   $ (39,429 )   $ (518,441 )   $ 8,516   $ (1,134 )   $ 7,382 Noninvestment-grade (73,394 )   (134,125 )   (18,439 )   (225,958 )   7,407   (5,313 )   2,094 Total $ (232,680 )   $ (453,851 )   $ (57,868 )   $ (744,399 )   $ 15,923   $ (6,447 )   $ 9,476 December 31, 2016 (in millions) <1 year   1–5 years   >5 years   Total notional amount   Fair value of receivables (b)   Fair value of payables (b)   Net fair value Risk rating of reference entity                           Investment-grade $ (273,688 )   $ (383,586 )   $ (39,281 )   $ (696,555 )   $ 7,841   $ (3,055 )   $ 4,786 Noninvestment-grade (107,955 )   (170,046 )   (23,317 )   (301,318 )   8,184   (8,570 )   (386 ) Total $ (381,643 )   $ (553,632 )   $ (62,598 )   $ (997,873 )   $ 16,025   $ (11,625 )   $ 4,400 (a) The ratings scale is primarily based on external credit ratings defined by S&P and Moody’s. (b) Amounts are shown on a gross basis, before the benefit of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral received by the Firm.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   191 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 6 – Noninterest revenue and noninterest expense Investment banking fees   This revenue category includes debt and equity underwriting and advisory fees. As an underwriter,  the Firm  helps clients raise capital via public offering and private placement of various types of debt instruments and equity securities. Underwriting fees are primarily based on the issuance price and quantity of the underlying instruments, and are recognized as revenue typically upon execution of the client’s transaction.  The Firm  also manages and syndicates loan arrangements. Credit arrangement and syndication fees, included within debt underwriting fees, are recorded as revenue after satisfying certain retention, timing and yield criteria.   The Firm  also provides advisory services, assisting its clients with mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, restructuring and other complex transactions. Advisory fees are recognized as revenue typically upon execution of the client’s transaction.   Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Underwriting           Equity $ 1,394   $ 1,146   $ 1,408 Debt 3,710   3,207   3,232 Total underwriting 5,104   4,353   4,640 Advisory 2,144   2,095   2,111 Total investment banking fees $ 7,248   $ 6,448   $ 6,751 Investment banking fees are earned primarily by CIB. See Note  31  for segment results. Principal transactions   Principal transactions revenue is driven by many factors, including the bid-offer spread, which is the difference between the price at which  the Firm  is willing to buy a financial or other instrument and the price at which  the Firm  is willing to sell that instrument. It also consists of the realized (as a result of the sale of instruments, closing out or termination of transactions, or interim cash payments) and unrealized (as a result of changes in valuation) gains and losses on financial and other instruments (including those accounted for under the fair value option) primarily used in client-driven market-making activities and on private equity investments. In connection with its client-driven market-making activities,  the Firm  transacts in debt and equity instruments, derivatives and commodities (including physical commodities inventories and financial instruments that reference commodities).   Principal transactions revenue also includes certain realized and unrealized gains and losses related to hedge accounting and specified risk-management activities, including: (a) certain derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships (primarily fair value hedges of commodity and foreign exchange risk), (b) certain derivatives used for specific risk management purposes, primarily to mitigate credit risk ,  foreign exchange risk  and commodity risk , and (c) other derivatives. For further information on the income statement classification of gains and losses from derivatives activities, see Note  5 .   In the financial commodity markets,  the Firm  transacts in OTC derivatives (e.g., swaps, forwards, options) and ETD that reference a wide range of underlying commodities. In the physical commodity markets,  the Firm  primarily purchases and sells precious and base metals and may hold other commodities inventories under financing and other arrangements with clients.   The following table presents all realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in principal transactions revenue. This table excludes interest income and interest expense on trading assets and liabilities, which are an integral part of the overall performance of  the Firm’s  client-driven market-making activities. See Note   7   for further information on interest income and interest expense. Trading revenue is presented primarily by instrument type.  The Firm’s  client-driven market-making businesses generally utilize a variety of instrument types in connection with their market-making and related risk-management activities; accordingly, the trading revenue presented in the table below is not representative of the total revenue of any individual line of business. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Trading revenue by instrument type           Interest rate $ 2,479   $ 2,325   $ 1,933 Credit 1,329   2,096   1,735 Foreign exchange 2,746   2,827   2,557 Equity 3,873   2,994   2,990 Commodity 661   1,067   842 Total trading revenue 11,088   11,309   10,057 Private equity gains 259   257   351 Principal transactions $ 11,347   $ 11,566   $ 10,408 Principal transactions revenue is earned primarily by CIB. See Note  31  for segment results. Lending- and deposit-related fees   Lending-related fees include fees earned from loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and other loan-servicing activities. Deposit-related fees include fees earned in lieu of compensating balances, and fees earned from performing cash management activities and other deposit account services. Lending- and deposit-related fees in this revenue category are recognized over the period in which the related service is provided.   Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Lending-related fees $ 1,110   $ 1,114   $ 1,148 Deposit-related fees 4,823   4,660   4,546 Total lending- and deposit-related fees $ 5,933   $ 5,774   $ 5,694 Lending- and deposit-related fees are earned by CCB, CIB, CB, and AWM. See Note  31  for segment results. 192   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Asset management, administration and commissions  This revenue category includes fees from investment management and related services, custody, brokerage services and other products.  The Firm  manages assets on behalf of its clients, including investors in  Firm -sponsored funds and owners of separately managed investment accounts. Management fees are typically based on the value of assets under management and are collected and recognized at the end of each period over which the management services are provided and the value of the managed assets is known.  The Firm  also receives performance-based management fees, which are earned based on exceeding certain benchmarks or other performance targets and are accrued and recognized when the probability of reversal is remote, typically at the end of the related billing period.  The Firm  has contractual arrangements with third parties to provide distribution and other services in connection with its asset management activities. Amounts paid to third-party service providers are recorded in professional and outside services expense. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Asset management fees           Investment management fees $ 9,526   $ 8,865   $ 9,403 All other asset management fees (a) 294   336   352 Total asset management fees 9,820   9,201   9,755             Total administration fees (b) 2,029   1,915   2,015             Commissions and other fees           Brokerage commissions (c) 2,239   2,151   2,304 All other commissions and fees 1,289   1,324   1,435 Total commissions and fees 3,528   3,475   3,739 Total asset management, administration and commissions $ 15,377   $ 14,591   $ 15,509 (a) The Firm receives other asset management fees for services that are ancillary to investment management services, including commissions earned on sales or distribution of mutual funds to clients. These fees are recorded as revenue at the time the service is rendered or, in the case of certain distribution fees based on the underlying fund’s asset value and/or investor redemption, recorded over time as the investor remains in the fund or upon investor redemption. (b) The Firm receives administrative fees predominantly from custody, securities lending, fund services and securities clearance fees. These fees are recorded as revenue over the period in which the related service is provided. (c) The Firm acts as a broker, facilitating its clients’ purchase and sale of securities and other financial instruments. It collects and recognizes brokerage commissions as revenue upon occurrence of the client transaction. The Firm reports certain costs paid to third-party clearing houses and exchanges net against commission revenue. Asset management, administration and commissions are earned primarily by AWM, CIB, CCB, and CB. See Note  31  for segment results.   Mortgage fees and related income This revenue category primarily reflects  CCB’s Home Lending  production and servicing revenue, including fees and income derived from mortgages originated with the intent to sell; mortgage sales and servicing including losses related to the repurchase of previously sold loans; the impact of risk-management activities associated with the mortgage pipeline, warehouse loans and MSRs; and revenue related to any residual interests held from mortgage securitizations. This revenue category also includes gains and losses on sales and lower of cost or fair value adjustments for mortgage loans held-for-sale, as well as changes in fair value for mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell and measured at fair value under the fair value option. Changes in the fair value of MSRs are reported in mortgage fees and related income. For a further discussion of MSRs, see Note   15 .  Net interest income from mortgage loans is recorded in interest income.   Card income This revenue category includes interchange income from credit and debit cards and fees earned from processing card transactions for merchants, both of which are recognized when purchases are made by a cardholder. Card income also includes annual and other lending fees and costs, which are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over a   12 -month period. Certain Chase credit card products offer the cardholder the ability to earn points based on account activity, which the cardholder can choose to redeem for cash and non-cash rewards. The cost to  the Firm  related to these proprietary rewards programs varies based on multiple factors including the terms and conditions of the rewards programs, cardholder activity, cardholder reward redemption rates and cardholder reward selections.  The Firm  maintains a liability for its obligations under its rewards programs and reports the current-period cost as a reduction of card income.   Credit card revenue sharing agreements  The Firm has contractual agreements with numerous co-brand partners that grant the Firm exclusive rights to issue co-branded credit card products and market them to the customers of such partners. These partners endorse the co-brand credit card programs and provide their customer or member lists to the Firm. The partners may also conduct marketing activities and provide rewards redeemable under their own loyalty programs that the Firm will grant to co-brand credit cardholders based on account activity.   The terms of these agreements generally range from  five  to  ten  years. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   193 Notes to consolidated financial statements The Firm typically makes payments to the co-brand credit card partners based on the cost of partners' marketing activities and loyalty program rewards provided to credit cardholders, new account originations and sales volumes. Payments to partners based on marketing efforts undertaken by the partners are expensed by the Firm as incurred and reported as noninterest expense. Payments for partner rewards are reported as a reduction of card income when incurred. Payments to partners based on new credit card account originations are accounted for as direct loan origination costs and are deferred and recognized as a reduction of card income on a straight-line basis over a  12 -month period. Payments to partners based on sales volumes are reported as a reduction of card income when the related interchange income is earned. Card income is earned primarily by CCB and CB. See Note  31  for segment results.   Other income Other income on the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income included the following:  Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Operating lease income $ 3,613   $ 2,724   $ 2,081 Operating lease income is recognized on a straight–line basis over the lease term.   Noninterest expense Other expense Other expense on  the Firm’s  Consolidated statements of income included the following:   Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Legal expense/(benefit) $ (35 )   $ (317 )   $ 2,969 FDIC-related expense 1,492   1,296   1,227 194   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 7 – Interest income and Interest expense Interest income and interest expense are recorded in the Consolidated statements of income and classified based on the nature of the underlying asset or liability.   The following table presents the components of interest income and interest expense:   Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Interest Income       Loans $ 41,008 $ 36,634 $ 33,134  Taxable securities 5,535 5,538 6,550  Non-taxable securities (a) 1,847 1,766 1,706 Total securities 7,382 7,304 8,256 Trading assets 7,610 7,292 6,621 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 2,327 2,265 1,592 Securities borrowed (b) (37 ) (332 ) (532 ) Deposits with banks 4,219 1,863 1,250 All other interest-earning assets (c) 1,863 875 652 Total interest income $ 64,372 $ 55,901 $ 50,973 Interest expense       Interest bearing deposits $ 2,857 $ 1,356 $ 1,252 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 1,611 1,089 609 Short-term borrowings (d) 481 203 175 Trading liabilities - debt and all other interest-bearing liabilities (e) 2,070 1,102 557 Long-term debt 6,753 5,564 4,435 Beneficial interest issued by consolidated VIEs 503 504 435 Total interest expense $ 14,275 $ 9,818 $ 7,463 Net interest income $ 50,097 $ 46,083 $ 43,510 Provision for credit losses 5,290 5,361 3,827 Net interest income after provision for credit losses $ 44,807 $ 40,722 $ 39,683 (a) Represents securities that are tax-exempt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. (b) Negative interest income is related to client-driven demand for certain securities combined with the impact of low interest rates. This is matched book activity and the negative interest expense on the corresponding securities loaned is recognized in interest expense. (c) Includes held-for-investment margin loans, which are classified in accrued interest and accounts receivable, and all other interest-earning assets included in other assets. (d) Includes commercial paper. (e) Other interest-bearing liabilities include brokerage customer payables.  Interest income and interest expense includes the current-period interest accruals for financial instruments measured at fair value, except for derivatives and financial instruments containing embedded derivatives that would be separately accounted for in accordance with U.S. GAAP, absent the fair value option election; for those instruments, all changes in fair value including any interest elements, are reported in principal transactions revenue. For financial instruments that are not measured at fair value, the related interest is included within interest income or interest expense, as applicable.  For further information on    accounting for interest income and interest expense related to loans, securities, securities financing (i.e. securities purchased or sold under resale or repurchase agreements; securities borrowed; and securities loaned) and long-term debt, see Notes   12 ,  10 ,  11  and  19 ,  respectively.   Note 8 – Pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans  The Firm has various defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans that provide benefits to its employees. The Firm has a qualified noncontributory U.S. defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to substantially all U.S. employees. The Firm also has defined benefit pension plans that are offered in certain non-U.S. locations based on factors such as eligible compensation, age and/or years of service. It is the Firm’s policy to fund the pension plans in amounts sufficient to meet the requirements under applicable laws. The Firm does not anticipate at this time any contribution to the U.S. defined benefit pension plan in 2018. The 2018 contributions to the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans are expected to be  $46 million  of which  $30 million  are contractually required. The Firm also has a number of nonqualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that are unfunded. These plans provide supplemental defined pension benefits to certain employees.   The Firm currently provides  two  qualified defined contribution plans in the U.S. and maintains other similar arrangements in certain non-U.S. locations.  The Firm offers postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. retirees and postretirement medical benefits to qualifying U.S. and U.K. employees. The Firm defrays the cost of its U.S. OPEB obligation through corporate-owned life insurance (“COLI”) purchased on the lives of eligible employees and retirees. While the Firm owns the COLI policies, COLI proceeds (death benefits, withdrawals and other distributions) may be used only to reimburse the Firm for its net postretirement benefit claim payments and related administrative expense. The Firm has generally funded its postretirement benefit obligations through contributions to the relevant trust on a pay-as-you go basis. On December 21, 2017, the Firm contributed  $600 million  of cash to the trust as a prefunding of a portion of its postretirement benefit obligations. The U.K. OPEB plan is unfunded.    Pension and OPEB accounting generally requires that the difference between plan assets at fair value and the benefit obligation be measured and recorded on the balance sheet. Plans that are overfunded (excess of plan assets over benefit obligation) are recorded in other assets and plans that are underfunded (excess benefit obligation over plan assets) are recorded within other liabilities. Gains or losses resulting from changes in the benefit obligation and the value of plan assets are recorded in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and recognized as part of the net periodic  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   195 Notes to consolidated financial statements benefit cost over subsequent periods as discussed in the Gains and losses section of this Note. Additionally, service cost, interest cost, and investment returns that would    otherwise be classified separately are aggregated and reported net within compensation expense.   The following table presents the changes in benefit obligations, plan assets, the net funded status, and the pretax pension and OPEB amounts recorded in AOCI on the Consolidated balance sheets for the Firm’s defined benefit pension and OPEB plans, and the weighted-average actuarial annualized assumptions for the projected and accumulated postretirement benefit obligations. As of or for the year ended December 31, Defined benefit  pension plans OPEB plans (f) (in millions) 2017   2016   2017   2016 Change in benefit obligation               Benefit obligation, beginning of year $ (15,594 )   $ (15,259 )   $ (708 )   $ (744 ) Benefits earned during the year (330 )   (332 )   —   — Interest cost on benefit obligations (598 )   (629 )   (28 )   (31 ) Employee contributions (7 )   (7 )   (16 )   (19 ) Net gain/(loss) (721 )   (743 )   (4 )   4 Benefits paid 841   851   76   76 Plan settlements 30   21   —   — Expected Medicare Part D subsidy receipts NA   NA   (1 )   — Foreign exchange impact and other (321 )   504   (3 )   6 Benefit obligation, end of year (a) $ (16,700 )   $ (15,594 )   $ (684 )   $ (708 ) Change in plan assets               Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year $ 17,703   $ 17,636   $ 1,956   $ 1,855 Actual return on plan assets 2,356   1,375   233   131 Firm contributions 78   86   602   2 Employee contributions 7   7   —   — Benefits paid (841 )   (851 )   (34 )   (32 ) Plan settlements (30 )   (21 )   —   — Foreign exchange impact and other 330   (529 )   —   — Fair value of plan assets, end of year  (a)(b)(c) $ 19,603   $ 17,703   $ 2,757   $ 1,956 Net funded status  (d) $ 2,903 $ 2,109   $ 2,073   $ 1,248 Accumulated benefit obligation, end of year $ (16,530 )   $ (15,421 )   NA   NA Pretax pension and OPEB amounts recorded in AOCI Net gain/(loss) $ (2,800 ) $ (3,667 )   $ 271 $ 138 Prior service credit/(loss) 6 42   — — Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), pretax, end of year $ (2,794 ) $ (3,625 )   $ 271 $ 138 Weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations Discount Rate  (e) 0.60 - 3.70%   0.60 - 4.30%   3.70 %   4.20 % Rate of compensation increase  (e) 2.25 – 3.00   2.25 – 3.00   NA   NA Health care cost trend rate: Assumed for next year NA   NA   5.00   5.00 Ultimate NA   NA   5.00   5.00 Year when rate will reach ultimate NA   NA   2018   2017 (a) At December 31, 2017 and 2016, included non-U.S. benefit obligations of  $(3.8) billion  and  $(3.4) billion , and plan assets of  $3.9 billion  and  $3.4 billion , respectively, predominantly in the U.K. (b) At December 31, 2017 and 2016, approximately  $302 million  and  $390 million , respectively, of U.S. defined benefit pension plan assets included participation rights under participating annuity contracts. (c) At December 31, 2017 and 2016, defined benefit pension plan amounts that were not measured at fair value included  $377 million  and  $130 million , respectively, of accrued receivables, and  $587 million  and  $224 million , respectively, of accrued liabilities, for U.S. plans. (d) Represents plans with an aggregate overfunded balance of  $5.6 billion  and  $4.0 billion  at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and plans with an aggregate underfunded balance of  $612 million  and  $639 million  at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (e) For the U.S. defined benefit pension plans, the discount rate assumption is  3.70%  and  4.30% , and the rate of compensation increase is  2.30%  and  2.30% , for 2017 and 2016 respectively.  (f) Includes an unfunded postretirement benefit obligation of  $32 million  and  $35 million  at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, for the U.K. plan. 196   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Gains and losses For the Firm’s defined benefit pension plans, fair value is used to determine the expected return on plan assets. Amortization of net gains and losses is included in annual net periodic benefit cost if, as of the beginning of the year, the net gain or loss exceeds  10%  of the greater of the PBO or the fair value of the plan assets. Any excess is amortized over the average future service period of defined benefit pension plan participants, which for the U.S. defined benefit pension plan is currently  eight years  and for the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans is the period appropriate for the affected plan. In addition, prior service costs are amortized over the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plan when the prior service cost is first recognized. The average remaining amortization period for the U.S. defined benefit pension plan for current prior service costs is  three years .    For the Firm’s OPEB plans, a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value over a  five -year period is used to determine the expected return on plan assets. This value is referred to as the market-related value of assets. Amortization of net gains and losses, adjusted for gains and losses not yet recognized, is included in annual net periodic benefit cost if, as of the beginning of the year, the net gain or loss exceeds  10%  of the greater of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation or the market-related value of assets. Any excess net gain or loss is amortized over the average expected lifetime of retired participants, which is currently  eleven years ; however, prior service costs resulting from plan changes are amortized over the average years of service remaining to full eligibility age, which is currently  two years . The following table presents the components of net periodic benefit costs reported in the Consolidated statements of income for the Firm’s defined benefit pension, defined contribution and OPEB plans, and in other comprehensive income for the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans, and the weighted-average annualized actuarial assumptions for the net periodic benefit cost.    Pension plans   OPEB plans Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Components of net periodic benefit cost               Benefits earned during the year $ 330 $ 332 $ 377   $ — $ — $ 1 Interest cost on benefit obligations 598 629 610   28 31 31 Expected return on plan assets (968 ) (1,030 ) (1,079 )   (97 ) (105 ) (106 ) Amortization:               Net (gain)/loss 250 257 282   — — — Prior service cost/(credit) (36 ) (36 ) (36 )   — — — Special termination benefits — — 1   — — — Settlement loss 2 4 —   — Net periodic defined benefit cost $ 176 $ 156 $ 155   $ (69 ) $ (74 ) $ (74 ) Other defined benefit pension plans (a) 24 25 24   NA NA NA Total defined benefit plans $ 200 $ 181 $ 179   $ (69 ) $ (74 ) $ (74 ) Total defined contribution plans 814 789 769   NA NA NA Total pension and OPEB cost included in compensation expense $ 1,014 $ 970 $ 948   $ (69 ) $ (74 ) $ (74 ) Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income         Net (gain)/loss arising during the year $ (669 ) $ 395 $ (50 )   $ (133 ) $ (29 ) $ 21 Amortization of net loss (250 ) (257 ) (282 )   — — — Amortization of prior service (cost)/credit 36 36 36   — — — Settlement loss (2 ) (4 ) —   — — — Foreign exchange impact and other 54 (77 ) (33 )   — — — Total recognized in other comprehensive income $ (831 ) $ 93 $ (329 )   $ (133 ) $ (29 ) $ 21 Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income $ (655 ) $ 249 $ (174 )   $ (202 ) $ (103 ) $ (53 ) Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs         Discount rate (b) 0.60 - 4.30 % 0.90 – 4.50% 1.00 – 4.00%   4.20 % 4.40 % 4.10 % Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets  (b) 0.70 - 6.00 0.80 – 6.50 0.90 – 6.50   5.00 5.75 6.00 Rate of compensation increase  (b) 2.25 - 3.00 2.25 – 4.30 2.75 – 4.20   NA NA NA Health care cost trend rate               Assumed for next year NA NA NA   5.00 5.50 6.00 Ultimate NA NA NA   5.00 5.00 5.00 Year when rate will reach ultimate NA NA NA   2017 2017 2017 (a) Includes various defined benefit pension plans which are individually immaterial. (b) The rate assumptions for the U.S. defined benefit pension plans are at the upper end of the range, except for the rate of compensation increase, which is  2.30%  for 2017 and  3.50%  for 2016 and 2015, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   197 Notes to consolidated financial statements The estimated pretax amounts that will be amortized from AOCI into net periodic benefit cost in 2018 are as follows. (in millions)   Defined benefit pension plans Net loss/(gain)   $ 106   Prior service cost/(credit)   $ (25 )   Total   $ 81   Plan assumptions JPMorgan Chase’s expected long-term rate of return for defined benefit pension and OPEB plan assets is a blended weighted average, by asset allocation of the projected long-term returns for the various asset classes, taking into consideration local market conditions and the specific allocation of plan assets. Returns on asset classes are developed using a forward-looking approach and are not strictly based on historical returns. Consideration is also given to current market conditions and the short-term portfolio mix of each plan. The discount rate used in determining the benefit obligation under the U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans was provided by the Firm’s actuaries. This rate was selected by reference to the yields on portfolios of bonds with maturity dates and coupons that closely match each of the plan’s projected cash flows. The discount rate for the U.K. defined benefit pension plan represents a rate of appropriate duration from the analysis of yield curves provided by the Firm’s actuaries. At December 31, 2017, the Firm decreased the discount rates used to determine its benefit obligations for the U.S. defined benefit pension and OPEB plans in light of current market interest rates, which will increase expense by approximately  $66 million  in 2018. The 2018 expected long-term rate of return on U.S. defined benefit pension plan assets and U.S. OPEB plan assets are  5.50%  and  4.00% , respectively. As of December 31, 2017, the interest crediting rate assumption remained at  5.00% . As of December 31, 2017, the effect of a one-percentage-point increase or decrease in the assumed health care cost trend rate is not material to the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation or total service and interest cost. The following table represents the effect of a 25-basis point decline in the three listed rates below on estimated 2018 defined benefit pension and OPEB plan expense, as well as the effect on the postretirement benefit obligations.  (in millions) Defined benefit pension and OPEB plan expense   Benefit obligation Expected long-term rate of return $ 54   NA Discount rate  $ 59   $ 583 Interest crediting rate for U.S. plans $ (41 )   $ (193 )   Investment strategy and asset allocation The assets of the Firm’s defined benefit pension plans are held in various trusts and are invested in well-diversified portfolios of equity and fixed income securities, cash and cash equivalents, and alternative investments (e.g., hedge funds, private equity, real estate and real assets). The trust-owned assets of the Firm's U.S. OPEB plan are invested in cash and cash equivalents. COLI policies used to defray the cost of the Firm's U.S. OPEB plan are invested in separate accounts of an insurance company and are allocated to investments intended to replicate equity and fixed income indices. The investment policies for the assets of the Firm’s defined benefit pension plans are to optimize the risk-return relationship as appropriate to the needs and goals of each   plan using a global portfolio of various asset classes diversified by market segment, economic sector, and issuer. Assets are managed by a combination of internal and external investment managers. The Firm regularly reviews the asset allocations and asset managers, as well as other factors that impact the portfolios, which are rebalanced when deemed necessary. Investments held by the plans include financial instruments which are exposed to various risks such as interest rate, market and credit risks. Exposure to a concentration of credit risk is mitigated by the broad diversification of both U.S. and non-U.S. investment instruments. Additionally, the investments in each of the common/collective trust funds and/or registered investment companies are further diversified into various financial instruments. As of December 31, 2017, assets held by the Firm's defined benefit pension and OPEB plans do not include JPMorgan Chase common stock, except through indirect exposures through investments in third-party stock-index funds. The plans hold investments in funds that are sponsored or managed by affiliates of JPMorgan Chase in the amount of  $6.0 billion  and  $4.6 billion , as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 198   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table presents the weighted-average asset allocation of the fair values of total plan assets at December 31 for the years indicated, as well as the respective approved asset allocation ranges by asset class.  Defined benefit pension plans OPEB plan (c)   Asset   % of plan assets   Asset   % of plan assets December 31, Allocation   2017   2016   Allocation   2017 (d)   2016 Asset class                     Debt securities (a) 0-80%   42 %   35 %   30-70%   61 %   50 % Equity securities 0-85   42   47   30-70   39   50 Real estate 0-10   3   4   —   —   — Alternatives  (b) 0-35   13   14   —   —   — Total 100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 %   100 % (a) Debt securities primarily include cash, corporate debt, U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. government, and mortgage-backed securities. (b) Alternatives primarily include limited partnerships. (c) Represents the U.S. OPEB plan only, as the U.K. OPEB plan is unfunded. (d) Change in percentage of plan assets due to the contribution to the U.S. OPEB plan. Fair value measurement of the plans’ assets and liabilities For information on fair value measurements, including descriptions of level 1, 2, and 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation methods employed by the Firm, see Note  2 . Pension and OPEB plan assets and liabilities measured at fair value   Defined benefit pension plans   2017   2016 December 31 ,  (in millions) Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total fair value Cash and cash equivalents $ 173   $ 1   $ —   $ 174   $ 196   $ 2   $ —   $ 198 Equity securities 6,407   194   2   6,603   6,158   166   2   6,326 Mutual funds 325   —   —   325   —   —   —   — Common/collective trust funds (a) 778   —   —   778   384   —   —   384 Limited partnerships (b) 60   —   —   60   62   —   —   62 Corporate debt securities (c) —   2,644   4   2,648   —   2,506   4   2,510 U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. government debt securities 1,096   784   —   1,880   1,139   804   —   1,943 Mortgage-backed securities 92   100   2   194   42   75   —   117 Derivative receivables —   203   —   203   —   243   —   243 Other (d) 2,353   60   302   2,715   1,497   53   390   1,940 Total assets measured at fair value (e) $ 11,284   $ 3,986   $ 310   $ 15,580   $ 9,478   $ 3,849   $ 396   $ 13,723 Derivative payables $ —   $ (141 )   $ —   $ (141 )   $ —   $ (208 )   $ —   $ (208 ) Total liabilities measured at fair value (e) $ —   $ (141 )   $ —   $ (141 )   $ —   $ (208 )   $ —   $ (208 ) (a) At December 31, 2017 and 2016, common/collective trust funds primarily included a mix of short-term investment funds, domestic and international equity investments (including index) and real estate funds. (b) Unfunded commitments to purchase limited partnership investments for the plans were  $605 million  and  $735 million  for 2017 and 2016, respectively. (c) Corporate debt securities include debt securities of U.S. and non-U.S. corporations. (d) Other consists primarily of money market funds and participating and non-participating annuity contracts. Money market funds are primarily classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy given they are valued using market observable prices. Participating and non-participating annuity contracts are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to a lack of market mechanisms for transferring each policy and surrender restrictions. (e) At December 31, 2017 and 2016, excludes  $4.4 billion  and  $4.2 billion  of certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient, which are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy,  $377 million  and  $130 million  of defined benefit pension plan receivables for investments sold and dividends and interest receivables,  $561 million  and  $203 million  of defined benefit pension plan payables for investments purchased, and  $26 million  and  $21 million  of other liabilities, respectively. The assets of the U.S. OPEB plan consisted of  $600 million  and  $0 million  in cash and cash equivalents classified in level 1 of the valuation hierarchy and  $2.2 billion  and  $2.0 billion  of COLI policies classified in level 3 of the valuation hierarchy at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   199 Notes to consolidated financial statements Changes in level 3 fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs         (in millions)   Fair value, Beginning balance    Actual return on plan assets   Purchases, sales and settlements, net   Transfers in and/or out of level 3   Fair value, Ending balance Realized gains/(losses)   Unrealized gains/(losses) Year ended December 31, 2017    U.S. defined benefit pension plan        Annuity contracts and other  (a)   $ 396   $ —   $ 1   $ (87 )   $ —   $ 310   U.S. OPEB plan        COLI policies   $ 1,957   $ —   $ 200   $ —   $ —   $ 2,157 Year ended December 31, 2016    U.S. defined benefit pension plan        Annuity contracts and other  (a)   $ 539   $ —   $ (157 )   $ —   $ 14   $ 396    U.S. OPEB plan        COLI policies   $ 1,855   $ —   $ 102   $ —   $ —   $ 1,957 (a) Substantially all are participating and non-participating annuity contracts. Estimated future benefit payments  The following table presents benefit payments expected to be paid, which include the effect of expected future service, for the years indicated. The OPEB medical and life insurance payments are net of expected retiree contributions. Year ended December 31, (in millions)   Defined benefit pension plans     OPEB before Medicare Part D subsidy   Medicare Part D subsidy 2018   $ 926     $ 65   $ 1 2019   922     63   1 2020   927     60   1 2021   944     57   — 2022   960     55   — Years 2023–2027   4,925     235   2 200   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 9 – Employee share-based incentives  Employee share-based awards In  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  JPMorgan Chase   granted long-term share-based awards to certain employees under its  LTIP,  as amended and restated effective May 19, 2015. Under the terms of the LTIP, as of   December 31, 2017 ,   67 million   shares of   common stock were available for issuance through May 2019. The LTIP is the only active plan under which  the Firm  is currently granting share-based incentive awards. In the following discussion, the LTIP, plus prior  Firm  plans and plans assumed as the result of acquisitions, are referred to collectively as the “LTI Plans,” and such plans constitute  the Firm’s  share-based incentive plans.   RSUs  are awarded at no cost to the recipient upon their grant. Generally, RSUs are granted annually and vest at a rate of 50% after   two years   and 50% after   three years   and are converted into shares of common stock as of the vesting date. In addition, RSUs typically include full-career eligibility provisions, which allow employees to continue to vest upon voluntary termination based on age or service-related requirements, subject to post-employment and other restrictions. All RSU awards are subject to forfeiture until vested and contain clawback provisions that may result in cancellation under certain specified circumstances. Generally, RSUs entitle the recipient to receive cash payments equivalent to any dividends paid on the underlying common stock during the period the RSUs are outstanding  and, as such, are considered participating securities as discussed in Note  22 .  In January 2017 and 2016,  the Firm’s  Board of Directors approved the grant of performance share units (“PSUs”) to members of  the Firm’s  Operating Committee under the variable compensation program for performance years 2016 and 2015. PSUs are subject to  the Firm’s  achievement of specified performance criteria over a three-year period. The number of awards that vest can range from zero to 150% of the grant amount. The awards vest and are converted into shares of common stock in the quarter after the end of the performance period, which is generally three years. In addition, dividends are notionally reinvested in  the Firm’s  common stock and will be delivered only in respect of any earned shares.   Once the PSUs have vested, the shares of common stock that are delivered, after applicable tax withholding, must be held for an additional two-year period, typically for a total combined vesting and holding period of five years from the grant date.   Under the LTI Plans, stock options and stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) have generally been granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of JPMorgan Chase’s common stock on the grant date.  The Firm  periodically grants employee stock options to individual employees.   There were no material grants of stock options or SARs   in 2017, 2016 and 2015. SARs generally expire ten years after the grant date.     The Firm  separately recognizes compensation expense for each tranche of each award, net of estimated forfeitures, as if it were a separate award with its own vesting date. Generally, for each tranche granted, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date until the vesting date of the respective tranche, provided that the employees will not become full-career eligible during the vesting period. For awards with full-career eligibility provisions and awards granted with no future substantive service requirement,  the Firm  accrues the estimated value of awards expected to be awarded to employees as of the grant date without giving consideration to the impact of post-employment restrictions. For each tranche granted to employees who will become full-career eligible during the vesting period, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date until the earlier of the employee’s full-career eligibility date or the vesting date of the respective tranche.   The Firm’s policy for issuing shares upon settlement of employee share-based incentive awards is to issue either new shares of common stock or treasury shares. During  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , the Firm settled all of its employee share-based awards by issuing treasury shares. In January 2008,  the Firm  awarded to its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer up to 2 million SARs. The terms of this award are distinct from, and more restrictive than, other equity grants regularly awarded by  the Firm.  On July 15, 2014, the Compensation & Management Development Committee and Board of Directors determined that all requirements for the vesting of the 2 million SAR awards had been met and thus, the awards became exercisable. The SARs, which had an expiration date of January 2018, were exercised by Mr. Dimon in October 2017 at the exercise price of $39.83 per share (the price of JPMorgan Chase common stock on the date of grant).   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   201 Notes to consolidated financial statements RSUs, PSUs, employee stock options and SARs activity   Generally, compensation expense for RSUs and PSUs is measured based on the number of units granted multiplied by the stock price at the grant date, and for employee stock options and SARs, is measured at the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Compensation expense for these awards is recognized in net income as described previously. The following table summarizes   JPMorgan Chase ’s  RSUs, PSUs, employee stock options and SARs activity for   2017 .     RSUs/PSUs   Options/SARs Year ended December 31, 2017   Number of  units Weighted-average grant date fair value   Number of awards   Weighted-average exercise price   Weighted-average remaining contractual life  (in years) Aggregate intrinsic value (in thousands, except weighted-average data, and where otherwise stated)       Outstanding, January 1   81,707 $ 57.15   30,267   $ 40.65       Granted   26,017 84.30   109   90.94       Exercised or vested   (32,961 ) 57.80   (12,816 )   40.50       Forfeited   (2,030 ) 63.34   (54 )   55.82       Canceled   NA NA   (13 )   405.47       Outstanding, December 31   72,733 $ 66.36   17,493   $ 40.76   3.4 $ 1,169,470 Exercisable, December 31   NA NA   15,828   40.00   3.3 1,070,212 The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , was  $2.9 billion , $ 2.2 billion  and  $2.8 billion ,  respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , was  $651 million ,  $338 million  and  $335 million , respectively. Compensation expense The Firm  recognized the following  noncash  compensation expense related to its various employee share-based incentive plans in its Consolidated statements of income.   Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Cost of prior grants of RSUs, PSUs and SARs that are amortized over their applicable vesting periods   $ 1,125   $ 1,046   $ 1,109 Accrual of estimated costs of share-based awards to be granted in future periods including those to full-career eligible employees   945   894   878 Total noncash compensation expense related to employee share-based incentive plans   $ 2,070   $ 1,940   $ 1,987 At   December 31, 2017 ,  approximately   $704 million   (pretax) of compensation expense related to unvested awards had not yet been charged to net income. That cost is expected to be amortized into compensation expense over a weighted-average period of   1  year. The Firm  does not capitalize any compensation expense related to share-based compensation awards to employees.     Cash flows and tax benefits Effective January 1, 2016,  the Firm  adopted new accounting guidance related to employee share-based payments. As a result of the adoption of this new guidance,  all  excess tax benefits (including tax benefits from dividends or dividend equivalents) on share-based payment awards are recognized within income tax expense in the Consolidated statements of income.  In prior years these tax benefits were recorded as increases to additional paid-in capital.  Income tax benefits related to share-based incentive arrangements recognized in  the Firm’s  Consolidated statements of income for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , were  $1.0 billion ,  $916 million  and  $746 million , respectively. The following table sets forth the cash received from the exercise of stock options under all share-based incentive arrangements, and the actual income tax benefit related to tax deductions from the exercise of the stock options. Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Cash received for options exercised   $ 18   $ 26   $ 20 Tax benefit   190   70   64 202   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 10 – Securities  Securities are classified as trading, AFS or HTM. Securities classified as trading assets are discussed in Note   2 .  Predominantly all of  the Firm’s  AFS and HTM securities are held by  Treasury and CIO  in connection with its asset-liability management activities. At   December 31, 2017 ,  the investment securities portfolio consisted of debt securities with an average credit rating of   AA+   (based upon external ratings where available, and where not available, based primarily upon internal ratings which correspond to ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s). AFS securities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized    gains and losses, after any applicable hedge accounting adjustments, are reported as net increases or decreases to AOCI. The specific identification method is used to determine realized gains and losses on AFS securities, which are included in securities gains/(losses) on the Consolidated statements of income. HTM debt securities, which management has the intent and ability to hold until maturity, are carried at amortized cost on the Consolidated balance sheets. For both AFS and HTM debt securities, purchase discounts or premiums are generally amortized into interest income over the contractual life of the security. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of the investment securities portfolio were as follows for the dates indicated.     2017   2016 December 31, (in millions) Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair  value   Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair  value Available-for-sale debt securities                       Mortgage-backed securities:                       U.S. government agencies (a)   $ 69,879 $ 736 $ 335   $ 70,280   $ 63,367 $ 1,112 $ 474   $ 64,005 Residential:                       U.S (b) 8,193 185 14   8,364   8,171 100 28   8,243 Non-U.S. 2,882 122 1   3,003   6,049 158 7   6,200 Commercial 4,932 98 5   5,025   9,002 122 20   9,104 Total mortgage-backed securities 85,886 1,141 355   86,672   86,589 1,492 529   87,552 U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 22,510 266 31   22,745   44,822 75 796   44,101 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 30,490 1,881 33   32,338   30,284 1,492 184   31,592 Certificates of deposit 59 — —   59   106 — —   106 Non-U.S. government debt securities 26,900 426 32   27,294   34,497 836 45   35,288 Corporate debt securities 2,657 101 1   2,757   4,916 64 22   4,958 Asset-backed securities:                       Collateralized loan obligations 20,928 69 1   20,996   27,352 75 26   27,401 Other 8,764 77 24   8,817   6,950 62 45   6,967 Total available-for-sale debt securities 198,194 3,961 477   201,678   235,516 4,096 1,647   237,965 Available-for-sale equity securities 547 — —   547   914 12 —   926 Total available-for-sale securities 198,741 3,961 477   202,225   236,430 4,108 1,647   238,891 Held-to-maturity debt securities                       Mortgage-backed securities                       U.S. government agencies (c) 27,577 558 40   28,095   29,910 638 37   30,511 Commercial 5,783 1 74   5,710   5,783 — 129   5,654 Total mortgage-backed securities 33,360 559 114   33,805   35,693 638 166   36,165 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 14,373 554 80   14,847   14,475 374 125   14,724 Total held-to-maturity debt securities 47,733 1,113 194   48,652   50,168 1,012 291   50,889 Total securities $ 246,474 $ 5,074 $ 671   $ 250,877   $ 286,598 $ 5,120 $ 1,938   $ 289,780 (a) Includes total U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations with a fair value of  $45.8 billion  for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , which were predominantly mortgage-related. (b) Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (c) Included total U.S. government-sponsored enterprise obligations with amortized cost of  $22.0 billion  and  $25.6 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, which were mortgage-related. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   203 Notes to consolidated financial statements Securities impairment   The following tables present the fair value and gross unrealized losses for the investment securities portfolio by aging category at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .    Securities with gross unrealized losses   Less than 12 months   12 months or more     December 31, 2017 (in millions) Fair value Gross unrealized losses   Fair value Gross unrealized losses Total fair value Total gross unrealized losses Available-for-sale debt securities               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies $ 36,037 $ 139   $ 7,711 $ 196 $ 43,748 $ 335 Residential:               U.S 1,112 5   596 9 1,708 14 Non-U.S. — —   266 1 266 1 Commercial 528 4   335 1 863 5 Total mortgage-backed securities 37,677 148   8,908 207 46,585 355 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 1,834 11   373 20 2,207 31 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 949 7   1,652 26 2,601 33 Certificates of deposit — —   — — — — Non-U.S. government debt securities 6,500 15   811 17 7,311 32 Corporate debt securities — —   52 1 52 1 Asset-backed securities:               Collateralized loan obligations — —   276 1 276 1 Other 3,521 20   720 4 4,241 24 Total available-for-sale debt securities 50,481 201   12,792 276 63,273 477 Available-for-sale equity securities — —   — — — — Held-to-maturity securities               Mortgage-backed securities               U.S. government securities 4,070 38   205 2 4,275 40 Commercial 3,706 41   1,882 33 5,588 74 Total mortgage-backed securities 7,776 79   2,087 35 9,863 114 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 584 9   2,131 71 2,715 80 Total held-to-maturity securities 8,360 88   4,218 106 12,578 194 Total securities with gross unrealized losses $ 58,841 $ 289   $ 17,010 $ 382 $ 75,851 $ 671 204   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   Securities with gross unrealized losses   Less than 12 months   12 months or more     December 31, 2016 (in millions) Fair value Gross unrealized losses   Fair value Gross unrealized losses Total fair value Total gross unrealized losses Available-for-sale debt securities               Mortgage-backed securities:               U.S. government agencies $ 29,856 $ 463   $ 506 $ 11 $ 30,362 $ 474 Residential:               U.S. (a) 1,373 6   1,073 22 2,446 28 Non-U.S. — —   886 7 886 7 Commercial 2,328 17   1,078 3 3,406 20 Total mortgage-backed securities 33,557 486   3,543 43 37,100 529 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 23,543 796   — — 23,543 796 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 7,215 181   55 3 7,270 184 Certificates of deposit — —   — — — — Non-U.S. government debt securities 4,436 36   421 9 4,857 45 Corporate debt securities 797 2   829 20 1,626 22 Asset-backed securities:               Collateralized loan obligations 766 2   5,263 24 6,029 26 Other 739 6   1,992 39 2,731 45 Total available-for-sale debt securities 71,053 1,509   12,103 138 83,156 1,647 Available-for-sale equity securities — —   — — — — Held-to-maturity debt securities               Mortgage-backed securities               U.S. government agencies 3,129 37   — — 3,129 37 Commercial 5,163 114   441 15 5,604 129 Total mortgage-backed securities 8,292 151   441 15 8,733 166 Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 4,702 125   — — 4,702 125 Total held-to-maturity securities 12,994 276   441 15 13,435 291 Total securities with gross unrealized losses $ 84,047 $ 1,785   $ 12,544 $ 153 $ 96,591 $ 1,938 (a) Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Gross unrealized losses   The Firm  has recognized unrealized losses on securities that it intends to sell as OTTI.  The Firm  does not intend to sell any of the remaining securities with an unrealized loss in AOCI as of December 31, 2017, and it is not likely that  the Firm  will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. Except for the securities for which credit losses have been recognized in income,  the Firm  believes that the securities with an unrealized loss in AOCI are not other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2017.   Other-than-temporary impairment   AFS debt and equity securities and HTM debt securities in unrealized loss positions are analyzed as part of  the Firm’s  ongoing assessment of OTTI.   For most types of debt securities,  the Firm  considers a decline in fair value to be other-than-temporary when  the Firm  does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. For beneficial interests in securitizations that are rated below “AA” at their acquisition, or that can be contractually prepaid or otherwise settled in such a way that  the Firm  would not recover substantially all of its recorded investment,  the Firm  considers an impairment to be other-   than-temporary when there is an adverse change in expected cash flows. For AFS equity securities,  the Firm  considers a decline in fair value to be other-than-temporary if it is probable that  the Firm  will not recover its cost basis.   Potential OTTI is considered using a variety of factors, including the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency; the volatility of the fair value changes; and  the Firm’s  intent and ability to hold the security until recovery.   For AFS debt securities,  the Firm  recognizes OTTI losses in earnings if  the Firm  has the intent to sell the debt security, or if it is more likely than not that  the Firm  will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. In these circumstances the impairment loss is equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value of the securities. For debt securities in an unrealized loss position that  the Firm  has the intent and ability to hold, the expected cash flows to be received  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   205 Notes to consolidated financial statements from the securities are evaluated to determine if a credit loss exists. In the event of a credit loss, only the amount of impairment associated with the credit loss is recognized in income. Amounts relating to factors other than credit losses are recorded in OCI.   The Firm’s  cash flow evaluations take into account the factors noted above and expectations of relevant market and economic data as of the end of the reporting period. For securities issued in a securitization,  the Firm  estimates cash flows considering underlying loan-level data and structural features of the securitization, such as subordination, excess spread, overcollateralization or other forms of credit enhancement, and compares the losses projected for the underlying collateral (“pool losses”) against the level of credit enhancement in the securitization structure to determine whether these features are sufficient to absorb the pool losses, or whether a credit loss exists.  The Firm  also performs other analyses to support its cash flow projections, such as first-loss analyses or stress scenarios.   For equity securities, OTTI losses are recognized in earnings if  the Firm  intends to sell the security. In other cases  the Firm  considers the relevant factors noted above, as well as  the Firm’s  intent and ability to retain its investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and whether evidence exists to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the cost basis. Any impairment loss on an equity security is equal to the full difference between the cost basis and the fair value of the security.     Securities gains and losses   The following table presents realized gains and losses and OTTI from AFS securities that were recognized in income.   Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Realized gains $ 1,013   $ 401   $ 351 Realized losses (1,072 )   (232 )   (127 ) OTTI losses (a) (7 )   (28 )   (22 ) Net securities gains/(losses) (66 )   141   202             OTTI losses           Credit losses recognized in income —   (1 )   (1 ) Securities the Firm intends to sell (a) (7 )   (27 )   (21 ) Total OTTI losses recognized in income $ (7 )   $ (28 )   $ (22 ) (a) Excludes realized losses on securities sold of  $6 million ,  $24 million  and  $5 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively that had been previously reported as an OTTI loss due to the intention to sell the securities. Changes in the credit loss component of credit-impaired debt securities   The cumulative credit loss component, including any changes therein, of OTTI losses that have been recognized in income related to AFS debt securities  was not material as of and during the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . 206   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Contractual maturities and yields   The following table presents the amortized cost and estimated fair value at   December 31, 2017 ,  of   JPMorgan Chase ’s  investment securities portfolio by contractual maturity.   By remaining maturity December 31, 2017 (in millions) Due in one  year or less   Due after one year through five years   Due after five years through 10 years   Due after  10 years (c)   Total Available-for-sale debt securities                   Mortgage-backed securities (a)                   Amortized cost $ 3   $ 698   $ 6,134   $ 79,051   $ 85,886 Fair value 3   708   6,294   79,667   86,672 Average yield (b) 4.76 %   2.10 %   3.10 %   3.35 %   3.32 % U.S. Treasury and government agencies                   Amortized cost $ 60   $ —   $ 17,437   $ 5,013   $ 22,510 Fair value 60   —   17,542   5,143   22,745 Average yield (b) 1.72 %   — %   1.96 %   1.76 %   1.91 % Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities                   Amortized cost $ 73   $ 750   $ 1,265   $ 28,402   $ 30,490 Fair value 72   765   1,324   30,177   32,338 Average yield (b) 1.78 %   3.28 %   5.40 %   5.50 %   5.43 % Certificates of deposit                   Amortized cost $ 59   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 59 Fair value 59   —   —   —   59 Average yield (b) 0.50 %   — %   — %   — %   0.50 % Non-U.S. government debt securities                   Amortized cost $ 5,020   $ 13,665   $ 8,215   $ —   $ 26,900 Fair value 5,022   13,845   8,427   —   27,294 Average yield (b) 3.09 %   1.55 %   1.19 %   — %   1.73 % Corporate debt securities                   Amortized cost $ 150   $ 1,159   $ 1,203   $ 145   $ 2,657 Fair value 151   1,197   1,255   154   2,757 Average yield (b) 3.07 %   3.60 %   3.58 %   3.22 %   3.54 % Asset-backed securities                   Amortized cost $ —   $ 3,372   $ 13,046   $ 13,274   $ 29,692 Fair value —   3,353   13,080   13,380   29,813 Average yield (b) — %   2.14 %   2.58 %   2.36 %   2.43 % Total available-for-sale debt securities                   Amortized cost $ 5,365   $ 19,644   $ 47,300   $ 125,885   $ 198,194 Fair value 5,367   19,868   47,922   128,521   201,678 Average yield (b) 3.03 %   1.86 %   2.28 %   3.66 %   3.14 % Available-for-sale equity securities                   Amortized cost $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 547   $ 547 Fair value —   —   —   547   547 Average yield (b) — %   — %   — %   0.71 %   0.71 % Total available-for-sale securities                   Amortized cost $ 5,365   $ 19,644   $ 47,300   $ 126,432   $ 198,741 Fair value 5,367   19,868   47,922   129,068   202,225 Average yield (b) 3.03 %   1.86 %   2.28 %   3.65 %   3.13 % Held-to-maturity debt securities                   Mortgage-backed securities (a)                   Amortized Cost $ —   $ —   $ 49   $ 33,311   $ 33,360 Fair value —   —   49   33,756   33,805 Average yield (b) — %   — %   2.88 %   3.27 %   3.27 % Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities                   Amortized cost $ —   $ 66   $ 2,019   $ 12,288   $ 14,373 Fair value —   65   2,067   12,715   14,847 Average yield (b) — %   4.74 %   4.30 %   4.72 %   4.66 % Total held-to-maturity securities                   Amortized cost $ —   $ 66   $ 2,068   $ 45,599   $ 47,733 Fair value —   65   2,116   46,471   48,652 Average yield (b) — %   4.75 %   4.26 %   3.66 %   3.69 % (a) As of  December 31, 2017 , mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae exceeded  10%  of JPMorgan Chase’s total stockholders’ equity; the amortized cost and fair value of such securities was $ 55.1 billion  and $ 56.0 billion , respectively .  (b) Average yield is computed using the effective yield of each security owned at the end of the period, weighted based on the amortized cost of each security. The effective yield considers the contractual coupon, amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, and the effect of related hedging derivatives. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   207 Notes to consolidated financial statements where applicable and reflect the estimated impact of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”). The effective yield excludes unscheduled principal prepayments; and accordingly, actual maturities of securities may differ from their contractual or expected maturities as certain securities may be prepaid. (c) Includes securities with no stated maturity. Substantially all of the Firm’s U.S. residential MBS and collateralized mortgage obligations are due in  10 years  or more, based on contractual maturity. The estimated weighted-average life, which reflects anticipated future prepayments, is approximately  six years  for agency residential MBS,  three years  for agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations and  three years  for nonagency residential collateralized mortgage obligations.  Note 11 – Securities financing activities JPMorgan Chase  enters into resale agreements, repurchase agreements, securities borrowed transactions and securities loaned transactions (collectively, “securities financing agreements”) primarily to finance  the Firm’s  inventory positions, acquire securities to cover short positions, accommodate customers’ financing needs,  and  settle other securities obligations .  Securities financing agreements are treated as collateralized financings on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets. Resale and repurchase agreements are generally carried at the amounts at which the securities will be subsequently sold or repurchased. Securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions are generally carried at the amount of cash collateral advanced or received. Where appropriate under applicable accounting guidance, resale and repurchase agreements with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis. For further discussion of the offsetting of assets and liabilities, see  Note  1 .  Fees received and paid in connection with securities financing agreements are recorded in interest income and interest expense on the Consolidated statements of income.   The Firm  has elected the fair value option for certain securities financing agreements. For further information regarding the fair value option, see Note   3 .  The securities financing agreements for which the fair value option has been elected are reported within securities purchased under resale agreements, securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, and securities borrowed on the Consolidated balance sheets. Generally, for agreements carried at fair value, current-period interest accruals are recorded within interest income and interest expense, with changes in fair value reported in principal transactions revenue. However, for financial instruments containing embedded derivatives that would be separately accounted for in accordance with accounting guidance for hybrid instruments, all changes in fair value, including any interest elements, are reported in principal transactions revenue.     Securities financing transactions expose  the Firm  primarily to credit and liquidity risk. To manage these risks,  the Firm  monitors the value of the underlying securities (predominantly high-quality securities collateral, including government-issued debt and agency MBS) that it has received from or provided to its counterparties compared to the value of cash proceeds and exchanged collateral, and either requests additional collateral or returns securities or collateral when appropriate. Margin levels are initially established based upon the counterparty, the type of underlying securities, and the permissible collateral, and are monitored on an ongoing basis.   In resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions,  the Firm  is exposed to credit risk to the extent that the value of the securities received is less than initial cash principal advanced and any collateral amounts exchanged. In repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions, credit risk exposure arises to the extent that the value of underlying securities exceeds the value of the initial cash principal advanced, and any collateral amounts exchanged.  Additionally,  the Firm  typically enters into master netting agreements and other similar arrangements with its counterparties, which provide for the right to liquidate the underlying securities and any collateral amounts exchanged in the event of a counterparty default.   It is also  the Firm’s  policy to take possession, where possible, of the securities underlying resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions.   For further information regarding assets pledged and collateral received in securities financing agreements, see Note   28 .  As a result of  the Firm’s  credit risk mitigation practices with respect to resale and securities borrowed agreements as described above,  the Firm  did not hold any reserves for credit impairment with respect to these agreements as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. 208   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The table below summarizes the gross and net amounts of  the Firm’s  securities financing agreements, as of December 31, 2017, and 2016. When  the Firm  has obtained an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement with a counterparty and where other relevant netting criteria under U.S. GAAP are met,  the Firm  nets, on the Consolidated balance sheets, the balances outstanding under its securities financing agreements with the same counterparty. In addition,  the Firm  exchanges securities and/or cash collateral with its counterparties; this collateral also reduces  the economic exposure with   the counterparty. Such collateral, along with securities financing balances that do not meet all these relevant netting criteria under U.S. GAAP, is presented as “Amounts not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets,” and reduces the “Net amounts” presented below, if  the Firm  has an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement with the counterparty. Where a legal opinion has not been either sought or obtained, the securities financing balances are presented gross in the “Net amounts” below, and related collateral does not reduce the amounts presented.     2017 December 31, (in millions) Gross amounts Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Amounts presented on the Consolidated balance sheets (b) Amounts not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (c) Net amounts (d) Assets           Securities purchased under resale agreements $ 448,608 $ (250,505 ) $ 198,103 $ (188,502 ) $ 9,601 Securities borrowed 113,926 (8,814 ) 105,112 (76,805 ) 28,307 Liabilities           Securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 398,218 $ (250,505 ) $ 147,713 $ (129,178 ) $ 18,535 Securities loaned and other (a) 27,228 (8,814 ) 18,414 (18,151 ) 263   2016 December 31, (in millions) Gross amounts Amounts netted on the Consolidated balance sheets Amounts presented on the Consolidated balance sheets (b) Amounts not nettable on the Consolidated balance sheets (c) Net amounts (d) Assets           Securities purchased under resale agreements $ 480,735 $ (250,832 ) $ 229,903 $ (222,413 ) $ 7,490 Securities borrowed 96,409 — 96,409 (66,822 ) 29,587 Liabilities           Securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 402,465 $ (250,832 ) $ 151,633 $ (133,300 ) $ 18,333 Securities loaned and other (a) 22,451 — 22,451 (22,177 ) 274 (a) Includes securities-for-securities lending transactions of  $9.2 billion  and  $9.1 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, accounted for at fair value, where the Firm is acting as lender. These amounts are presented within accounts payable and other liabilities in the Consolidated balance sheets. (b) Includes securities financing agreements accounted for at fair value. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , included securities purchased under resale agreements of  $14.7 billion  and  $21.5 billion , respectively, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase of  $697 million  and  $687 million , respectively. There were  $3.0 billion  of securities borrowed at  December 31, 2017  and there were  no  securities borrowed at  December 31, 2016 . There were  no  securities loaned accounted for at fair value in either period. (c) In some cases, collateral exchanged with a counterparty exceeds the net asset or liability balance with that counterparty. In such cases, the amounts reported in this column are limited to the related asset or liability with that counterparty.  (d) Includes securities financing agreements that provide collateral rights, but where an appropriate legal opinion with respect to the master netting agreement has not been either sought or obtained. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , included  $7.5 billion  and  $4.8 billion , respectively, of securities purchased under resale agreements;  $25.5 billion  and  $27.1 billion , respectively, of securities borrowed;  $16.5 billion  and  $15.9 billion , respectively, of securities sold under agreements to repurchase; and  $29 million  and  $90 million , respectively, of securities loaned and other.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   209 Notes to consolidated financial statements The tables below present as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016  the types of financial assets pledged in securities financing agreements and the remaining contractual maturity of the securities financing agreements.   Gross liability balance   2017   2016 December 31, (in millions) Securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned and other (b)   Securities sold under repurchase agreements Securities loaned and other (b) Mortgage-backed securities:           U.S. government agencies (a) $ 13,100 $ —   $ 14,034 $ — Residential - nonagency 2,972 —   6,224 — Commercial - nonagency 1,594 —   4,173 — U.S. Treasury and government agencies (a) 177,581 14   185,145 — Obligations of U.S. states and municipalities 1,557 —   2,491 — Non-U.S. government debt 170,196 2,485   149,008 1,279 Corporate debt securities 14,231 287   18,140 108 Asset-backed securities 3,508 —   7,721 — Equity securities 13,479 24,442   15,529 21,064 Total $ 398,218 $ 27,228   $ 402,465 $ 22,451   Remaining contractual maturity of the agreements   Overnight and continuous     Greater than  90 days   2017  (in millions) Up to 30 days 30 – 90 days Total Total securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 166,425 $ 156,434 $ 41,611 $ 33,748 $ 398,218 Total securities loaned and other (b) 22,876 375 2,328 1,649 27,228   Remaining contractual maturity of the agreements   Overnight and continuous     Greater than  90 days   2016 (in millions) Up to 30 days 30 – 90 days Total Total securities sold under repurchase agreements $ 140,318 $ 157,860 $ 55,621 $ 48,666 $ 402,465 Total securities loaned and other (b) 13,586 1,371 2,877 4,617 22,451 (a) Prior period amounts were revised to conform with the current period presentation. (b) Includes securities-for-securities lending transactions of  $9.2 billion  and  $9.1 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, accounted for at fair value, where the Firm is acting as lender. These amounts are presented within accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. Transfers not qualifying for sale accounting At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm held  $1.5 billion  and  $5.9 billion ,  respectively, of financial assets for which the rights have been transferred to third parties; however, the transfers did not qualify as a sale in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These transfers have been recognized as collateralized financing transactions. The transferred assets are recorded in trading assets and loans, and the corresponding liabilities are recorded predominantly in short-term borrowings on the Consolidated balance sheets.   210   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 12 – Loans Loan accounting framework The accounting for a loan depends on management’s strategy for the loan, and on whether the loan was credit-impaired at the date of acquisition.  The Firm  accounts for loans based on the following categories: • Originated or purchased loans held-for-investment (i.e., “retained”), other than PCI loans • Loans held-for-sale • Loans at fair value • PCI loans held-for-investment The following provides a detailed accounting discussion of these loan categories: Loans held-for-investment (other than PCI loans) Originated or purchased loans held-for-investment, other than PCI loans, are recorded at the principal amount outstanding, net of the following: charge-offs; interest applied to principal (for loans accounted for on the cost recovery method); unamortized discounts and premiums; and net deferred loan fees or costs. Credit card loans also include billed finance charges and fees net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts. Interest income Interest income on performing loans held-for-investment, other than PCI loans, is accrued and recognized as interest income at the contractual rate of interest. Purchase price discounts or premiums, as well as net deferred loan fees or costs, are amortized into interest income over the contractual life of the loan to produce a level rate of return.   Nonaccrual loans   Nonaccrual loans are those on which the accrual of interest has been suspended. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government agencies) are placed on nonaccrual status and considered nonperforming when full payment of principal and interest is not expected, regardless of delinquency status, or when principal and interest has been in default for a period of   90 days   or more, unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. A loan is determined to be past due when the minimum payment is not received from the borrower by the contractually specified due date or for certain loans (e.g., residential real estate loans), when a monthly payment is due and unpaid for   30 days   or more. Finally, collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on nonaccrual status.   On the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest accrued but not collected is reversed against interest income. In addition, the amortization of deferred amounts is suspended. Interest income on nonaccrual loans may be recognized as cash interest payments are received (i.e., on a cash basis) if the recorded loan balance is deemed fully collectible; however, if there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectibility of the recorded loan balance, all interest cash receipts are applied to reduce the    carrying value of the loan (the cost recovery method). For consumer loans, application of this policy typically results in  the Firm  recognizing interest income on nonaccrual consumer loans on a cash basis.   A loan may be returned to accrual status when repayment is reasonably assured and there has been demonstrated performance under the terms of the loan or, if applicable, the terms of the restructured loan.   As permitted by regulatory guidance, credit card loans are generally exempt from being placed on nonaccrual status; accordingly, interest and fees related to credit card loans continue to accrue until the loan is charged off or paid in full. However,  the Firm  separately establishes an allowance, which is offset against loans and charged to interest income, for the estimated uncollectible portion of accrued and billed interest and fee income on credit card loans. The allowance is established with a charge to interest income and is reported as an offset to loans. Allowance for loan losses   The allowance for loan losses represents the estimated probable credit losses inherent in the held-for-investment loan portfolio at the balance sheet date and is recognized on the balance sheet as a contra asset, which brings the recorded investment to the net carrying value. Changes in the allowance for loan losses are recorded in the provision for credit losses on  the Firm’s  Consolidated statements of income. See Note   13   for further information on  the Firm’s  accounting policies for the allowance for loan losses.   Charge-offs   Consumer loans, other than risk-rated business banking and auto loans, and PCI loans, are generally charged off or charged down to the net realizable value of the underlying collateral (i.e., fair value less costs to sell), with an offset to the allowance for loan losses, upon reaching specified stages of delinquency in accordance with standards established by the  FFIEC.  Residential real estate loans and non-modified credit card loans are generally charged off no later than   180 days   past due.   Scored auto, student and modified credit card loans are charged off no later than   120 days   past due.   Certain consumer loans will be charged off or charged down to their net realizable value earlier than the FFIEC charge-off standards in certain circumstances as follows:   • Loans modified in a  TDR  that are determined to be collateral-dependent.   • Loans to borrowers who have experienced an event that suggests a loss is either known or highly certain are subject to accelerated charge-off standards (e.g., residential real estate and auto loans are charged off within 60 days of receiving notification of a bankruptcy filing).  • Auto loans upon repossession of the automobile.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   211 Notes to consolidated financial statements Other than in certain limited circumstances,  the Firm  typically does not recognize charge-offs on government-guaranteed loans.   Wholesale loans, risk-rated business banking loans and risk-rated auto loans are charged off when it is highly certain that a loss has been realized, including situations where a loan is determined to be both impaired and collateral-dependent. The determination of whether to recognize a charge-off includes many factors, including the prioritization of  the Firm’s  claim in bankruptcy, expectations of the workout/restructuring of the loan and valuation of the borrower’s equity or the loan collateral.   When a loan is charged down to the estimated net realizable value, the determination of the fair value of the collateral depends on the type of collateral (e.g., securities, real estate). In cases where the collateral is in the form of liquid securities, the fair value is based on quoted market prices or broker quotes. For illiquid securities or other financial assets, the fair value of the collateral is estimated using a discounted cash flow model.   For residential real estate loans, collateral values are based upon external valuation sources. When it becomes likely that a borrower is either unable or unwilling to pay,  the Firm  obtains a broker’s price opinion of the home based on an exterior-only valuation (“exterior opinions”), which is then updated at least every   six months   thereafter. As soon as practicable after  the Firm  receives the property in satisfaction of a debt (e.g., by taking legal title or physical possession),  the Firm  generally obtains an appraisal based on an inspection that includes the interior of the home (“interior appraisals”). Exterior opinions and interior appraisals are discounted based upon  the Firm’s  experience with actual liquidation values as compared with the estimated values provided by exterior opinions and interior appraisals, considering state-specific factors.   For commercial real estate loans, collateral values are generally based on appraisals from internal and external valuation sources. Collateral values are typically updated every   six   to   twelve months ,  either by obtaining a new appraisal or by performing an internal analysis, in accordance with  the Firm’s  policies.  The Firm  also considers both borrower- and market-specific factors, which may result in obtaining appraisal updates or broker price opinions at more frequent intervals.     Loans held-for-sale   Held-for-sale loans are measured at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in noninterest revenue. For consumer loans, the valuation is performed on a portfolio basis. For wholesale loans, the valuation is performed on an individual loan basis.   Interest income on loans held-for-sale is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest.   Loan origination fees or costs and purchase price discounts or premiums are deferred in a contra loan account until the related loan is sold. The deferred fees or costs and discounts or premiums are an adjustment to the basis of the loan and therefore are included in the periodic determination of the lower of cost or fair value adjustments and/or the gain or loss recognized at the time of sale.   Held-for-sale loans are subject to the nonaccrual policies described above.   Because held-for-sale loans are recognized at the lower of cost or fair value,  the Firm’s  allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans.   Loans at fair value   Loans used in a market-making strategy or risk managed on a fair value basis are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in noninterest revenue.   Interest income on these loans is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest. Changes in fair value are recognized in noninterest revenue. Loan origination fees are recognized upfront in noninterest revenue. Loan origination costs are recognized in the associated expense category as incurred.   Because these loans are recognized at fair value,  the Firm’s  allowance for loan losses and charge-off policies do not apply to these loans.   See Note   3   for further information on  the Firm’s  elections of fair value accounting under the fair value option. See Note   2   and Note   3   for further information on loans carried at fair value and classified as trading assets.   PCI loans   PCI loans held-for-investment are initially measured at fair value. PCI loans have evidence of credit deterioration since the loan’s origination date and therefore it is probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments will not be collected. Because PCI loans are initially measured at fair value, which includes an estimate of future credit losses, no allowance for loan losses related to PCI loans is recorded at the acquisition date. See   page 223   of this Note for information on accounting for PCI loans subsequent to their acquisition.   212   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Loan classification changes   Loans in the held-for-investment portfolio that management decides to sell are transferred to the held-for-sale portfolio at the lower of cost or fair value on the date of transfer. Credit-related losses are charged against the allowance for loan losses; non-credit related losses such as those due to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates are recognized in noninterest revenue.   In the event that management decides to retain a loan in the held-for-sale portfolio, the loan is transferred to the held-for-investment portfolio at the lower of cost or fair value on the date of transfer. These loans are subsequently assessed for impairment based on  the Firm’s  allowance methodology. For a further discussion of the methodologies used in establishing  the Firm’s  allowance for loan losses, see Note   13 . Loan modifications   The Firm  seeks to modify certain loans in conjunction with its loss-mitigation activities. Through the modification,   JPMorgan Chase   grants one or more concessions to a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulty in order to minimize  the Firm’s  economic loss and avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral, and to ultimately maximize payments received by  the Firm  from the borrower. The concessions granted vary by program and by borrower-specific characteristics, and may include interest rate reductions, term extensions, payment deferrals, principal forgiveness, or the acceptance of equity or other assets in lieu of payments.   Such modifications are accounted for and reported as TDRs. A loan that has been modified in a TDR is generally considered to be impaired until it matures, is repaid, or is otherwise liquidated, regardless of whether the borrower performs under the modified terms. In certain limited cases, the effective interest rate applicable to the modified loan is at or above the current market rate at the time of the restructuring. In such circumstances, and assuming that the loan subsequently performs under its modified terms and  the Firm  expects to collect all contractual principal and interest cash flows, the loan is disclosed as impaired and as a TDR only during the year of the modification; in subsequent years, the loan is not disclosed as an impaired loan or as a TDR so long as repayment of the restructured loan under its modified terms is reasonably assured.   Loans, except for credit card loans, modified in a TDR are generally placed on nonaccrual status, although in many cases such loans were already on nonaccrual status prior to modification. These loans may be returned to performing status (the accrual of interest is resumed) if the following criteria are met: (i) the borrower has performed under the modified terms for a minimum of   six months   and/or   six   payments, and (ii)  the Firm  has an expectation that repayment of the modified loan is reasonably assured based on, for example, the borrower’s debt capacity and level of future earnings, collateral values, LTV ratios, and other current market considerations. In certain limited and well-defined circumstances in which the loan is current at the modification date, such loans are not placed on nonaccrual status at the time of modification.   Because loans modified in TDRs are considered to be impaired, these loans are measured for impairment using  the Firm’s  established asset-specific allowance methodology, which considers the expected re-default rates for the modified loans. A loan modified in a TDR generally remains subject to the asset-specific allowance methodology throughout its remaining life, regardless of whether the loan is performing and has been returned to accrual status and/or the loan has been removed from the impaired loans disclosures (i.e., loans restructured at market rates). For further discussion of the methodology used to estimate  the Firm’s  asset-specific allowance, see Note   13 . Foreclosed property   The Firm  acquires property from borrowers through loan restructurings, workouts, and foreclosures. Property acquired may include real property (e.g., residential real estate, land, and buildings) and commercial and personal property (e.g., automobiles, aircraft, railcars, and ships).   The Firm  recognizes foreclosed property upon receiving assets in satisfaction of a loan (e.g., by taking legal title or physical possession). For loans collateralized by real property,  the Firm  generally recognizes the asset received at foreclosure sale or upon the execution of a deed in lieu of foreclosure transaction with the borrower. Foreclosed assets are reported in other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets and initially recognized at fair value less costs to sell. Each quarter the fair value of the acquired property is reviewed and adjusted, if necessary, to the lower of cost or fair value. Subsequent adjustments to fair value are charged/credited to noninterest revenue. Operating expense, such as real estate taxes and maintenance, are charged to other expense. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   213 Notes to consolidated financial statements Loan portfolio   The Firm’s  loan portfolio is divided into three portfolio segments, which are the same segments used by  the Firm  to determine the allowance for loan losses: Consumer, excluding credit card; Credit card; and Wholesale. Within each portfolio segment  the Firm  monitors and assesses the credit risk in the following classes of loans, based on the risk characteristics of each loan class.   Consumer, excluding  credit card (a)   Credit card   Wholesale (f) Residential real estate – excluding PCI • Residential mortgage (b) • Home equity (c) Other consumer loans • Auto (d) • Consumer & Business Banking (d)(e) • Student Residential real estate – PCI • Home equity • Prime mortgage • Subprime mortgage • Option ARMs   • Credit card loans   • Commercial and industrial • Real estate • Financial institutions • Government agencies • Other (g) (a) Includes loans held in CCB,  prime mortgage and home equity loans held in   AWM   and prime mortgage loans held in   Corporate . (b) Predominantly includes prime (including option ARMs) and subprime loans. (c) Includes senior and junior lien home equity loans.  (d) Includes certain business banking and auto dealer risk-rated loans that apply the wholesale methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses; these loans are managed by CCB, and therefore, for consistency in presentation, are included with the other consumer loan classes. (e) Predominantly includes Business Banking loans. (f) Includes loans held in CIB, CB, AWM and Corporate. Excludes prime mortgage and home equity loans held in AWM and prime mortgage loans held in Corporate. Classes are internally defined and may not align with regulatory definitions. (g) Includes loans to: individuals; SPEs; and private education and civic organizations. For more information on SPEs, see Note  14 . The following tables summarize  the Firm’s  loan balances by portfolio segment.   December 31, 2017 Consumer, excluding credit card Credit card (a) Wholesale Total   (in millions)   Retained   $ 372,553     $ 149,387     $ 402,898     $ 924,838 (b)   Held-for-sale   128     124     3,099     3,351   At fair value   —     —     2,508     2,508   Total   $ 372,681     $ 149,511     $ 408,505     $ 930,697                             December 31, 2016 Consumer, excluding credit card   Credit card (a)     Wholesale     Total   (in millions)   Retained   $ 364,406     $ 141,711     $ 383,790     $ 889,907 (b)   Held-for-sale   238     105     2,285     2,628   At fair value   —     —     2,230     2,230   Total   $ 364,644     $ 141,816     $ 388,305     $ 894,765   (a) Includes accrued interest and fees net of an allowance for the uncollectible portion of accrued interest and fee income. (b) Loans (other than PCI loans and those for which the fair value option has been elected) are presented net of unamortized discounts and premiums and net deferred loan fees or costs. These amounts were not material as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . 214   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table provides information about the carrying value of retained loans purchased, sold and reclassified to held-for-sale during the periods indicated. This table excludes loans recorded at fair value.   The Firm  manages its exposure to credit risk on an ongoing basis. Selling loans is one way that  the Firm  reduces its credit exposures.         2017 Year ended December 31, (in millions)   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Purchases     $ 3,461 (a)(b)     $ —     $ 1,799     $ 5,260 Sales     3,405     —     11,063     14,468 Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale     6,340 (c)     —     1,229     7,569       2016 Year ended December 31, (in millions)   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Purchases     $ 4,116 (a)(b)     $ —     $ 1,448     $ 5,564 Sales     6,368     —     8,739     15,107 Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale     321     —     2,381     2,702       2015 Year ended December 31, (in millions)   Consumer, excluding  credit card Credit card Wholesale Total Purchases     $ 5,279 (a)(b)     $ —     $ 2,154     $ 7,433 Sales     5,099     —     9,188     14,287 Retained loans reclassified to held-for-sale     1,514     79     642     2,235 (a) Purchases predominantly represent the Firm’s voluntary repurchase of certain delinquent loans from loan pools as permitted by Government National Mortgage Association (“Ginnie Mae”) guidelines. The Firm typically elects to repurchase these delinquent loans as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with applicable requirements of Ginnie Mae, FHA, RHS, and/or VA. (b) Excludes purchases of retained loans sourced through the correspondent origination channel and underwritten in accordance with the Firm’s standards. Such purchases were  $23.5 billion ,  $30.4 billion  and  $50.3 billion  for the  years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. (c) Includes the Firm’s student loan portfolio which was sold in 2017. The following table provides information about gains and losses on loan sales, including lower of cost or fair value adjustments, on loan sales by portfolio segment.   Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Net gains/(losses) on sales of loans (including lower of cost or fair value adjustments) (a)           Consumer, excluding credit card (b) $ (126 )   $ 231   $ 305 Credit card (8 )   (12 )   1 Wholesale 41   26   34 Total net gains/(losses) on sales of loans (including lower of cost or fair value adjustments) $ (93 )   $ 245   $ 340 (a) Excludes sales related to loans accounted for at fair value. (b) Includes amounts related to the Firm’s student loan portfolio which was sold in 2017. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   215 Notes to consolidated financial statements Consumer, excluding credit card, loan portfolio Consumer loans, excluding credit card loans, consist primarily of residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, auto loans, consumer and business banking loans and student loans, with a focus on serving the prime consumer credit market. The portfolio also includes home equity loans secured by junior liens, prime mortgage loans with an interest-only payment period, and certain payment-option loans that may result in negative amortization.   The table below provides information about retained consumer loans, excluding credit card, by class. In 2017,  the Firm  sold its student loan portfolio.  December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Residential real estate – excluding PCI     Residential mortgage (a) $ 216,496 $ 192,486 Home equity 33,450 39,063 Other consumer loans     Auto 66,242 65,814 Consumer & Business Banking (a) 25,789 24,307 Student (a) — 7,057 Residential real estate – PCI     Home equity 10,799 12,902 Prime mortgage 6,479 7,602 Subprime mortgage 2,609 2,941 Option ARMs 10,689 12,234 Total retained loans $ 372,553 $ 364,406 (a) Certain loan portfolios have been reclassified. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.   Delinquency rates are a primary credit quality indicator for consumer loans. Loans that are more than   30 days   past due provide an early warning of borrowers who may be experiencing financial difficulties and/or who may be unable or unwilling to repay the loan. As the loan continues to age, it becomes more clear whether the borrower is likely either unable or unwilling to pay. In the case of residential real estate loans, late-stage delinquencies (greater than   150 days   past due) are a strong indicator of loans that will ultimately result in a foreclosure or similar liquidation transaction. In addition to delinquency rates, other credit quality indicators for consumer loans vary based on the class of loan, as follows:   • For residential real estate loans, including both non-PCI and PCI portfolios, the current estimated LTV ratio, or the combined LTV ratio in the case of junior lien loans, is an indicator of the potential loss severity in the event of default. Additionally, LTV or combined LTV ratios can provide insight into a borrower’s continued willingness to pay, as the delinquency rate of high-LTV loans tends to be greater than that for loans where the borrower has equity in the collateral. The geographic distribution of the loan collateral also provides insight as to the credit quality of the portfolio, as factors such as the regional economy, home price changes and specific events such as natural disasters, will affect credit quality. The borrower’s current or “refreshed” FICO score is a secondary credit-quality indicator for certain loans, as FICO scores are an indication of the borrower’s credit payment history. Thus, a loan to a borrower with a low FICO score (less than   660   ) is considered to be of higher risk than a loan to a borrower with a higher FICO score. Further, a loan to a borrower with a high LTV ratio and a low FICO score is at greater risk of default than a loan to a borrower that has both a high LTV ratio and a high FICO score. • For scored auto and scored business banking loans, geographic distribution is an indicator of the credit performance of the portfolio. Similar to residential real estate loans, geographic distribution provides insights into the portfolio performance based on regional economic activity and events. • Risk-rated business banking and auto loans are similar to wholesale loans in that the primary credit quality indicators are the risk rating that is assigned to the loan and whether the loans are considered to be criticized and/or nonaccrual. Risk ratings are reviewed on a regular and ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and are adjusted as necessary for updated information about borrowers’ ability to fulfill their obligations. For further information about risk-rated wholesale loan credit quality indicators, see   page 228   of this Note.   216   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Residential real estate — excluding PCI loans   The following table provides information by class for residential real estate — excluding retained PCI loans.   Residential real estate – excluding PCI loans             December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Residential mortgage (g)   Home equity   Total residential real estate – excluding PCI 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 Loan delinquency (a)                 Current $ 208,713 $ 184,133   $ 32,391 $ 37,941   $ 241,104 $ 222,074 30–149 days past due 4,234 3,828   671 646   4,905 4,474 150 or more days past due 3,549 4,525   388 476   3,937 5,001 Total retained loans $ 216,496 $ 192,486   $ 33,450 $ 39,063   $ 249,946 $ 231,549 % of 30+ days past due to total retained loans (b) 0.77 % 0.75 %   3.17 % 2.87 %   1.09 % 1.11 % 90 or more days past due and government guarantee d (c) $ 4,172 $ 4,858   — —   $ 4,172 $ 4,858 Nonaccrual loans 2,175 2,256   1,610 1,845   3,785 4,101 Current estimated LTV ratios (d)(e)                 Greater than 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                 Equal to or greater than 660 $ 37 $ 30   $ 10 $ 70   $ 47 $ 100 Less than 660 19 48   3 15   22 63 101% to 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                 Equal to or greater than 660 36 135   296 668   332 803 Less than 660 88 177   95 221   183 398 80% to 100% and refreshed FICO scores:                 Equal to or greater than 660 4,369 4,026   1,676 2,961   6,045 6,987 Less than 660 483 718   569 945   1,052 1,663 Less than 80% and refreshed FICO scores:                 Equal to or greater than 660 194,758 169,579   25,262 27,317   220,020 196,896 Less than 660 6,952 6,759   3,850 4,380   10,802 11,139 No FICO/LTV available 1,259 1,650   1,689 2,486   2,948 4,136 U.S. government-guaranteed 8,495 9,364   — —   8,495 9,364 Total retained loans $ 216,496 $ 192,486   $ 33,450 $ 39,063   $ 249,946 $ 231,549 Geographic region                 California   $ 68,855 $ 59,802   $ 6,582 $ 7,644   $ 75,437 $ 67,446 New York 27,473 24,916   6,866 7,978   34,339 32,894 Illinois 14,501 13,126   2,521 2,947   17,022 16,073 Texas 12,508 10,772   2,021 2,225   14,529 12,997 Florida 9,598 8,395   1,847 2,133   11,445 10,528 New Jersey 7,142 6,374   1,957 2,253   9,099 8,627 Washington 6,962 5,451   1,026 1,229   7,988 6,680 Colorado 7,335 6,306   632 677   7,967 6,983 Massachusetts 6,323 5,834   295 371   6,618 6,205 Arizona 4,109 3,595   1,439 1,772   5,548 5,367 All other (f) 51,690 47,915   8,264 9,834   59,954 57,749 Total retained loans $ 216,496 $ 192,486   $ 33,450 $ 39,063   $ 249,946 $ 231,549 (a) Individual delinquency classifications include mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies as follows: current included  $2.4 billion  and  $2.5 billion ;  30 – 149  days past due included  $3.2 billion  and  $3.1 billion ; and  150  or more days past due included  $2.9 billion  and  $3.8 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. (b) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , residential mortgage loans excluded mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $6.1 billion  and  $6.9 billion , respectively, that are 30 or more days past due. These amounts have been excluded based upon the government guarantee. (c) These balances, which are  90 days  or more past due, were excluded from nonaccrual loans as the loans are guaranteed by U.S government agencies. Typically the principal balance of the loans is insured and interest is guaranteed at a specified reimbursement rate subject to meeting agreed-upon servicing guidelines. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , these balances included  $1.5 billion  and  $2.2 billion , respectively, of loans that are no longer accruing interest based on the agreed-upon servicing guidelines. For the remaining balance, interest is being accrued at the guaranteed reimbursement rate. There were  no  loans that were not guaranteed by U.S. government agencies that are 90 or more days past due and still accruing interest at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . (d) Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated, at a minimum, quarterly, based on home valuation models using nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporating actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. These property values do not represent actual appraised loan level collateral values; as such, the resulting ratios are necessarily imprecise and should be viewed as estimates. Current estimated combined LTV for junior lien home equity loans considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. (e) Refreshed FICO scores represent each borrower’s most recent credit score, which is obtained by the Firm on at least a quarterly basis.  (f) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , included mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of  $8.5 billion  and  $9.4 billion , respectively.  (g) Certain loan portfolios have been reclassified. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   217 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table represent s the Firm’s  delinquency statistics for junior lien home equity loans and lines as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .     Total loans   Total 30+ day delinquency rate December 31, (in millions except ratios)   2017 2016   2017 2016 HELOCs: (a)             Within the revolving period (b)   $ 6,363 $ 10,304   0.50 % 1.27 % Beyond the revolving period   13,532 13,272   3.56 3.05 HELOANs   1,371 1,861   3.50 2.85 Total   $ 21,266 $ 25,437   2.64 % 2.32 % (a) These HELOCs are predominantly revolving loans for a  10 -year period, after which time the HELOC converts to a loan with a  20 -year amortization period, but also include HELOCs that allow interest-only payments beyond the revolving period. (b) The Firm manages the risk of HELOCs during their revolving period by closing or reducing the undrawn line to the extent permitted by law when borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. HELOCs  beyond the revolving period and  HELOANs  have higher delinquency rates than HELOCs within the revolving period. That is primarily because the fully-amortizing payment that is generally required for those products is higher than the minimum payment options   available for HELOCs within the revolving period. The higher delinquency rates associated with amortizing HELOCs and HELOANs are factored into  the Firm’s  allowance for loan losses.   Impaired loans The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  residential real estate impaired loans, excluding PCI loans. These loans are considered to be impaired as they have been modified in a TDR. All impaired loans are evaluated for an asset-specific allowance as described in Note   13 . December 31,  (in millions) Residential mortgage   Home equity   Total residential real estate – excluding PCI 2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016 Impaired loans                 With an allowance $ 4,407 $ 4,689   $ 1,236 $ 1,266   $ 5,643 $ 5,955 Without an allowance (a) 1,213 1,343   882 998   2,095 2,341 Total impaired loans (b)(c) $ 5,620 $ 6,032   $ 2,118 $ 2,264   $ 7,738 $ 8,296 Allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans $ 62 $ 68   $ 111 $ 121   $ 173 $ 189 Unpaid principal balance of impaired loans (d) 7,741 8,285   3,701 3,847   11,442 12,132 Impaired loans on nonaccrual status (e) 1,743 1,755   1,032 1,116   2,775 2,871 (a) Represents collateral-dependent residential real estate loans that are charged off to the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell. The Firm reports, in accordance with regulatory guidance, residential real estate loans that have been discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not reaffirmed by the borrower (“Chapter 7 loans”) as collateral-dependent nonaccrual TDRs, regardless of their delinquency status. At  December 31, 2017 , Chapter 7 residential real estate loans included approximately  12%  of home equity and  15%  of residential mortgages that were  30 days  or more past due. (b) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  $3.8 billion  and  $3.4 billion , respectively, of loans modified subsequent to repurchase from Ginnie Mae in accordance with the standards of the appropriate government agency (i.e., FHA, VA, RHS) are not included in the table above. When such loans perform subsequent to modification in accordance with Ginnie Mae guidelines, they are generally sold back into Ginnie Mae loan pools. Modified loans that do not re-perform become subject to foreclosure. (c) Predominantly all residential real estate impaired loans, excluding PCI loans, are in the U.S. (d) Represents the contractual amount of principal owed at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . The unpaid principal balance differs from the impaired loan balances due to various factors including charge-offs, net deferred loan fees or costs, and unamortized discounts or premiums on purchased loans. (e) As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , nonaccrual loans included  $2.2 billion  and  $2.3 billion , respectively, of TDRs for which the borrowers were less than  90 days  past due. For additional information about loans modified in a TDR that are on nonaccrual status refer to the Loan accounting framework on  pages 211–213  of this Note. 218   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table presents average impaired loans and the related interest income reported by  the Firm. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) Average impaired loans   Interest income on impaired loans (a)   Interest income on impaired  loans on a cash basis (a) 2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Residential mortgage $ 5,797 $ 6,376 $ 7,697   $ 287 $ 305 $ 348   $ 75 $ 77 $ 87 Home equity 2,189 2,311 2,369   127 125 128   80 80 85 Total residential real estate – excluding PCI $ 7,986 $ 8,687 $ 10,066   $ 414 $ 430 $ 476   $ 155 $ 157 $ 172 (a) Generally, interest income on loans modified in TDRs is recognized on a cash basis until such time as the borrower has made a minimum of  six  payments under the new terms, unless the loan is deemed to be collateral-dependent. Loan modifications   Modifications of residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, are generally accounted for and reported as TDRs. There were no additional commitments to lend to borrowers whose residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, have been modified in TDRs.     The following table presents new TDRs reported by  the Firm. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Residential mortgage $ 373 $ 254 $ 267 Home equity 321 385 401 Total residential real estate – excluding PCI $ 694 $ 639 $ 668 Nature and extent of modifications The U.S. Treasury’s Making Home Affordable programs, as well as  the Firm’s  proprietary modification programs, generally provide various concessions to financially troubled borrowers including, but not limited to, interest rate reductions, term or payment extensions and deferral of principal and/or interest payments that would otherwise have been required under the terms of the original agreement. The following table provides information about how residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, were modified under  the Firm’s  loss mitigation programs described above during the periods presented. This table excludes Chapter 7 loans where the sole concession granted is the discharge of debt. Year ended December 31, Residential mortgage   Home equity   Total residential real estate  – excluding PCI 2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Number of loans approved for a trial modification 1,283 1,945 2,711   2,321 3,760 3,933   3,604 5,705 6,644 Number of loans permanently modified 2,628 3,338 3,145   5,624 4,824 4,296   8,252 8,162 7,441 Concession granted: (a)                       Interest rate reduction 63 % 76 % 71 %   59 % 75 % 66 %   60 % 76 % 68 % Term or payment extension 72 90 81   69 83 89   70 86 86 Principal and/or interest deferred 15 16 27   10 19 23   12 18 24 Principal forgiveness 16 26 28   13 9 7   14 16 16 Other (b) 33 25 11   31 6 —   32 14 5 (a) Represents concessions granted in permanent modifications as a percentage of the number of loans permanently modified. The sum of the percentages exceeds  100%  because predominantly all of the modifications include more than one type of concession. A significant portion of trial modifications include interest rate reductions and/or term or payment extensions. (b) Predominantly represents variable interest rate to fixed interest rate modifications. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   219 Notes to consolidated financial statements Financial effects of modifications and redefaults The following table provides information about the financial effects of the various concessions granted in modifications of residential real estate loans, excluding PCI, under the loss mitigation programs described above and about redefaults of certain loans modified in TDRs for the periods presented. The following table presents only the final financial effects of permanent modifications and does not include temporary concessions offered through trial modifications. This table also excludes Chapter 7 loans where the sole concession granted is the discharge of debt.   Year ended  December 31, (in millions, except weighted-average data and number of loans) Residential mortgage   Home equity   Total residential real estate – excluding PCI     2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Weighted-average interest rate of loans with interest rate reductions – before TDR 5.15 % 5.59 % 5.67 %   4.94 % 4.99 % 5.20 %   5.06 % 5.36 % 5.51 % Weighted-average interest rate of loans with interest rate reductions – after TDR 2.99 2.93 2.79   2.64 2.34 2.35   2.83 2.70 2.64 Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) of loans with term or payment extensions – before TDR 24 24 25   21 18 18   23 22 22 Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) of loans with term or payment extensions – after TDR 38 38 37   39 38 35   38 38 36 Charge-offs recognized upon permanent modification $ 2 $ 4 $ 11   $ 1 $ 1 $ 4   $ 3 $ 5 $ 15 Principal deferred 12 30 58   10 23 27   22 53 85 Principal forgiven 20 44 66   13 7 6   33 51 72 Balance of loans that redefaulted within one year of permanent modification (a) $ 124 $ 98 $ 133   $ 56 $ 40 $ 21   $ 180 $ 138 $ 154 (a) Represents loans permanently modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within  one year  of the modification. The dollar amounts presented represent the balance of such loans at the end of the reporting period in which such loans defaulted. For residential real estate loans modified in TDRs, payment default is deemed to occur when the loan becomes  two  contractual payments past due. In the event that a modified loan redefaults, it is probable that the loan will ultimately be liquidated through foreclosure or another similar type of liquidation transaction. Redefaults of loans modified within the last  12 months  may not be representative of ultimate redefault levels. At   December 31, 2017 ,  the weighted-average estimated remaining lives of residential real estate loans, excluding PCI loans, permanently modified in TDRs were   14   years for residential mortgage and   10   years for home equity. The estimated remaining lives of these loans reflect estimated prepayments, both voluntary and involuntary (i.e., foreclosures and other forced liquidations).     Active and suspended foreclosure   At   December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm  had non-PCI residential real estate loans, excluding those insured by U.S. government agencies, with a carrying value of   $787 million  and  $932 million ,  respectively, that were not included in REO, but were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure. 220   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Other consumer loans The table below provides information for other consumer retained loan classes, including auto and business banking loans. This table excludes student loans that were sold  in 2017.   December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Auto   Consumer & Business Banking (c) 2017   2016   2017   2016 Loan delinquency               Current $ 65,651   $ 65,029   $ 25,454   $ 23,920 30–119 days past due 584   773   213   247 120 or more days past due 7   12   122   140 Total retained loans $ 66,242   $ 65,814   $ 25,789   $ 24,307 % of 30+ days past due to total retained loans 0.89 %   1.19 %   1.30 %   1.59 % Nonaccrual loans (a) 141   214   283   287 Geographic region California $ 8,445   $ 7,975   $ 5,032   $ 4,426 Texas 7,013   7,041   2,916   2,954 New York 4,023   4,078   4,195   3,979 Illinois 3,916   3,984   2,017   1,758 Florida 3,350   3,374   1,424   1,195 Arizona 2,221   2,209   1,383   1,307 Ohio 2,105   2,194   1,380   1,402 Michigan 1,418   1,567   1,357   1,343 New Jersey 2,044   2,031   721   623 Louisiana 1,656   1,814   849   979 All other 30,051   29,547   4,515   4,341 Total retained loans $ 66,242   $ 65,814   $ 25,789   $ 24,307 Loans by risk ratings (b)               Noncriticized $ 15,604   $ 13,899   $ 17,938   $ 16,858 Criticized performing 93   201   791   816 Criticized nonaccrual 9   94   213   217 (a) There were  no  loans that were 90 or more days past due and still accruing interest at  December 31, 2017 , and  December 31, 2016 . (b) For risk-rated business banking and auto loans, the primary credit quality indicator is the risk rating of the loan, including whether the loans are considered to be criticized and/or nonaccrual. (c) Certain loan portfolios have been reclassified. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   221 Notes to consolidated financial statements Other consumer impaired loans and loan modifications   The following table sets forth information about  the Firm’s  other consumer impaired loans, including risk-rated business banking and auto loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status, and loans that have been modified in TDRs.   December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Impaired loans     With an allowance $ 272 $ 614 Without an allowance (a) 26 30 Total impaired loans (b)(c) $ 298 $ 644 Allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans $ 73 $ 119 Unpaid principal balance of impaired loans (d) 402 753 Impaired loans on nonaccrual status 268 508 (a) When discounted cash flows, collateral value or market price equals or exceeds the recorded investment in the loan, the loan does not require an allowance. This typically occurs when the impaired loans have been partially charged off and/or there have been interest payments received and applied to the loan balance. (b) Predominantly all other consumer impaired loans are in the U.S. (c) Other consumer average impaired loans were  $427 million ,  $635 million  and  $566 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. The related interest income on impaired loans, including those on a cash basis, was not material for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . (d) Represents the contractual amount of principal owed at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . The unpaid principal balance differs from the impaired loan balances due to various factors, including charge-offs, interest payments received and applied to the principal balance, net deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized discounts or premiums on purchased loans.   Loan modifications   Certain other consumer loan modifications are considered to be TDRs as they provide various concessions to borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. All of these TDRs are reported as impaired loans.   The following table provides information about  the Firm’s  other consumer loans modified in TDRs. New TDRs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Loans modified in TDRs (a)(b) $ 102 $ 362 TDRs on nonaccrual status 72 226 (a) The impact of these modifications was not material to the Firm for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . (b) Additional commitments to lend to borrowers whose loans have been modified in TDRs as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016  were immaterial. 222   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Purchased credit-impaired loans PCI loans are initially recorded at fair value at acquisition. PCI loans acquired in the same fiscal quarter may be aggregated into one or more pools, provided that the loans have common risk characteristics. A pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows. With respect to the Washington Mutual transaction, all of the consumer PCI loans were aggregated into pools of loans with common risk characteristics.  On a quarterly basis,  the Firm  estimates the total cash flows (both principal and interest) expected to be collected over the remaining life of each pool. These estimates incorporate assumptions regarding default rates, loss severities, the amounts and timing of prepayments and other factors that reflect then-current market conditions. Probable decreases in expected cash flows (i.e., increased credit losses) trigger the recognition of impairment, which is then measured as the present value of the expected principal loss plus any related forgone interest cash flows, discounted at the pool’s effective interest rate. Impairments are recognized through the provision for credit losses and an increase in the allowance for loan losses. Probable and significant increases in expected cash flows (e.g., decreased credit losses, the net benefit of modifications) would first reverse any previously recorded allowance for loan losses with any remaining increases recognized prospectively as a yield adjustment over the remaining estimated lives of the underlying loans. The impacts of (i) prepayments, (ii) changes in variable interest rates, and (iii) any other changes in the timing of expected cash flows are generally recognized prospectively as adjustments to interest income. The Firm  continues to modify certain PCI loans. The impact of these modifications is incorporated into  the Firm’s  quarterly assessment of whether a probable and significant change in expected cash flows has occurred, and the loans continue to be accounted for and reported as PCI loans. In evaluating the effect of modifications on expected cash flows,  the Firm  incorporates the effect of any forgone interest and also considers the potential for redefault.  The Firm  develops product-specific probability of default estimates, which are used to compute expected credit losses. In developing these probabilities of default,  the Firm  considers the relationship between the credit quality characteristics of the underlying loans and certain assumptions about home prices and unemployment based upon industry-wide data.  The Firm  also considers its own historical loss experience to-date based on actual redefaulted modified PCI loans. The excess of cash flows expected to be collected over the carrying value of the underlying loans is referred to as the accretable yield. This amount is not reported on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets but is accreted into interest income at a level rate of return over the remaining estimated lives of the underlying pools of loans.   If the timing and/or amounts of expected cash flows on PCI loan pools were determined not to be reasonably estimable, no interest would be accreted and the loan pools would be reported as nonaccrual loans; however, since the timing and amounts of expected cash flows for  the Firm’s  PCI consumer loan pools are reasonably estimable, interest is being accreted and the loan pools are being reported as performing loans. The liquidation of PCI loans, which may include sales of loans, receipt of payment in full from the borrower, or foreclosure, results in removal of the loans from the underlying PCI pool. When the amount of the liquidation proceeds (e.g., cash, real estate), if any, is less than the unpaid principal balance of the loan, the difference is first applied against the PCI pool’s nonaccretable difference for principal losses (i.e., the lifetime credit loss estimate established as a purchase accounting adjustment at the acquisition date). When the nonaccretable difference for a particular loan pool has been fully depleted, any excess of the unpaid principal balance of the loan over the liquidation proceeds is written off against the PCI pool’s allowance for loan losses. Write-offs of PCI loans also include other adjustments, primarily related to interest forgiveness modifications. Because  the Firm’s  PCI loans are accounted for at a pool level,  the Firm  does not recognize charge-offs of PCI loans when they reach specified stages of delinquency (i.e., unlike non-PCI consumer loans, these loans are not charged off based on FFIEC standards). The PCI portfolio affects  the Firm’s  results of operations primarily through: (i) contribution to net interest margin; (ii) expense related to defaults and servicing resulting from the liquidation of the loans; and (iii) any provision for loan losses. The PCI loans acquired in the Washington Mutual transaction were funded based on the interest rate characteristics of the loans. For example, variable-rate loans were funded with variable-rate liabilities and fixed-rate loans were funded with fixed-rate liabilities with a similar maturity profile. A net spread will be earned on the declining balance of the portfolio, which is estimated as of   December 31, 2017 ,  to have a remaining weighted-average life of   9 years . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   223 Notes to consolidated financial statements Residential real estate – PCI loans The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  consumer, excluding credit card, PCI loans. December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Home equity   Prime mortgage   Subprime mortgage   Option ARMs   Total PCI 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 Carrying value (a) $ 10,799 $ 12,902   $ 6,479 $ 7,602   $ 2,609 $ 2,941   $ 10,689 $ 12,234   $ 30,576 $ 35,679 Related allowance for loan losses (b) 1,133 1,433   863 829   150 —   79 49   2,225 2,311 Loan delinquency (based on unpaid principal balance)                           Current $ 10,272 $ 12,423   $ 5,839 $ 6,840   $ 2,640 $ 3,005   $ 9,662 $ 11,074   $ 28,413 $ 33,342 30–149 days past due 356 291   336 336   381 361   547 555   1,620 1,543 150 or more days past due 392 478   327 451   176 240   689 917   1,584 2,086 Total loans $ 11,020 $ 13,192   $ 6,502 $ 7,627   $ 3,197 $ 3,606   $ 10,898 $ 12,546   $ 31,617 $ 36,971 % of 30+ days past due to total loans 6.79 % 5.83 %   10.20 % 10.32 %   17.42 % 16.67 %   11.34 % 11.73 %   10.13 % 9.82 %                               Current estimated LTV ratios (based on unpaid principal balance) (c)(d)                         Greater than 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 $ 33 $ 69   $ 4 $ 6   $ 2 $ 7   $ 6 $ 12   $ 45 $ 94 Less than 660 21 39   16 17   20 31   9 18   66 105 101% to 125% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 274 555   16 52   20 39   43 83   353 729 Less than 660 132 256   42 84   75 135   71 144   320 619 80% to 100% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 1,195 1,860   221 442   119 214   316 558   1,851 3,074 Less than 660 559 804   230 381   309 439   371 609   1,469 2,233 Lower than 80% and refreshed FICO scores:                             Equal to or greater than 660 6,134 6,676   3,551 3,967   895 919   6,113 6,754   16,693 18,316 Less than 660 2,095 2,183   2,103 2,287   1,608 1,645   3,499 3,783   9,305 9,898 No FICO/LTV available 577 750   319 391   149 177   470 585   1,515 1,903 Total unpaid principal balance $ 11,020 $ 13,192   $ 6,502 $ 7,627   $ 3,197 $ 3,606   $ 10,898 $ 12,546   $ 31,617 $ 36,971                               Geographic region (based on unpaid principal balance)                           California $ 6,555 $ 7,899   $ 3,716 $ 4,396   $ 797 $ 899   $ 6,225 $ 7,128   $ 17,293 $ 20,322 Florida 1,137 1,306   428 501   296 332   878 1,026   2,739 3,165 New York 607 697   457 515   330 363   628 711   2,022 2,286 Washington 532 673   135 167   61 68   238 290   966 1,198 Illinois 273 314   200 226   161 178   249 282   883 1,000 New Jersey 242 280   178 210   110 125   336 401   866 1,016 Massachusetts 79 94   149 173   98 110   307 346   633 723 Maryland 57 64   129 144   132 145   232 267   550 620 Arizona 203 241   106 124   60 68   156 181   525 614 Virginia 66 77   123 142   51 56   280 314   520 589 All other 1,269 1,547   881 1,029   1,101 1,262   1,369 1,600   4,620 5,438 Total unpaid principal balance $ 11,020 $ 13,192   $ 6,502 $ 7,627   $ 3,197 $ 3,606   $ 10,898 $ 12,546   $ 31,617 $ 36,971 (a) Carrying value includes the effect of fair value adjustments that were applied to the consumer PCI portfolio at the date of acquisition. (b) Management concluded, as part of the Firm’s regular assessment of the PCI loan pools, that it was probable that higher expected credit losses would result in a decrease in expected cash flows. As a result, an allowance for loan losses for impairment of these pools has been recognized. (c) Represents the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans divided by the estimated current property value. Current property values are estimated, at a minimum, quarterly, based on home valuation models using nationally recognized home price index valuation estimates incorporating actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. These property values do not represent actual appraised loan level collateral values; as such, the resulting ratios are necessarily imprecise and should be viewed as estimates. Current estimated combined LTV for junior lien home equity loans considers all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property.  (d) Refreshed FICO scores represent each borrower’s most recent credit score, which is obtained by the Firm on at least a quarterly basis. 224   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Approximately   25%   of the PCI home equity portfolio are senior lien loans; the remaining balance are junior lien HELOANs or HELOCs. The following table sets forth delinquency statistics for PCI junior lien home equity loans and lines of credit based on the unpaid principal balance as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .     Total loans   Total 30+ day delinquency rate December 31,   2017 2016   2017 2016 (in millions, except ratios)             HELOCs: (a)             Within the revolving period (b)   $ 51 $ 2,126   1.96 % 3.67 % Beyond the revolving period (c)   7,875 7,452   4.63 4.03 HELOANs   360 465   5.28 5.38 Total   $ 8,286 $ 10,043   4.65 % 4.01 % (a) In general, these HELOCs are revolving loans for a  10 -year period, after which time the HELOC converts to an interest-only loan with a balloon payment at the end of the loan’s term. (b) Substantially all undrawn HELOCs within the revolving period have been closed. (c) Includes loans modified into fixed rate amortizing loans. The table below sets forth the accretable yield activity for  the Firm’s  PCI consumer loans for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  and represents  the Firm’s  estimate of gross interest income expected to be earned over the remaining life of the PCI loan portfolios. The table excludes the cost to fund the PCI portfolios, and therefore the accretable yield does not represent net interest income expected to be earned on these portfolios. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Total PCI 2017   2016   2015 Beginning balance $ 11,768   $ 13,491   $ 14,592 Accretion into interest income (1,396 )   (1,555 )   (1,700 ) Changes in interest rates on variable-rate loans 503   260   279 Other changes in expected cash flows (a) 284   (428 )   230 Reclassification from nonaccretable difference (b) —   —   90 Balance at December 31 $ 11,159   $ 11,768   $ 13,491 Accretable yield percentage 4.53 %   4.35 %   4.20 % (a) Other changes in expected cash flows may vary from period to period as the Firm continues to refine its cash flow model, for example cash flows expected to be collected due to the impact of modifications and changes in prepayment assumptions. (b) Reclassifications from the nonaccretable difference in the year ended December 31, 2015 were driven by continued improvement in home prices and delinquencies, as well as increased granularity in the impairment estimates. Active and suspended foreclosure   At   December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm  had PCI residential real estate loans with an unpaid principal balance of   $1.3 billion  and  $1.7 billion ,  respectively, that were not included in REO, but were in the process of active or suspended foreclosure. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   225 Notes to consolidated financial statements Credit card loan portfolio The credit card portfolio segment includes credit card loans originated and purchased by  the Firm.  Delinquency rates are the primary credit quality indicator for credit card loans as they provide an early warning that borrowers may be experiencing difficulties  ( 30 days   past due); information on those borrowers that have been delinquent for a longer period of time  ( 90 days   past due) is also considered. In addition to delinquency rates, the geographic distribution of the loans provides insight as to the credit quality of the portfolio based on the regional economy. While the borrower’s credit score is another general indicator of credit quality,  the Firm  does not view credit scores as a primary indicator of credit quality because the borrower’s credit score tends to be a lagging indicator. The distribution of such scores provides a general indicator of credit quality trends within the portfolio; however, the score does not capture all factors that would be predictive of future credit performance. Refreshed FICO score information, which is obtained at least quarterly, for a statistically significant random sample of the credit card portfolio is indicated in the following table. FICO is considered to be the industry benchmark for credit scores. The Firm generally originates new card accounts to prime consumer borrowers.  However, certain cardholders’ FICO scores may decrease over time, depending on the performance of the cardholder and changes in credit score calculation.     The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  credit card loans. As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) 2017 2016 Net charge-offs $ 4,123 $ 3,442 % of net charge-offs to retained loans 2.95 % 2.63 % Loan delinquency     Current and less than 30 days past due and still accruing $ 146,704 $ 139,434 30–89 days past due and still accruing 1,305 1,134 90 or more days past due and still accruing 1,378 1,143 Total retained credit card loans $ 149,387 $ 141,711 Loan delinquency ratios     % of 30+ days past due to total retained loans 1.80 % 1.61 % % of 90+ days past due to total retained loans 0.92 0.81 Credit card loans by geographic region     California $ 22,245 $ 20,571 Texas 14,200 13,220 New York 13,021 12,249 Florida 9,138 8,585 Illinois 8,585 8,189 New Jersey 6,506 6,271 Ohio 4,997 4,906 Pennsylvania 4,883 4,787 Colorado 4,006 3,699 Michigan 3,826 3,741 All other 57,980 55,493 Total retained credit card loans $ 149,387 $ 141,711 Percentage of portfolio based on carrying value with estimated refreshed FICO scores     Equal to or greater than 660 84.0 % 84.4 % Less than 660 14.6 14.2 No FICO available 1.4 1.4 226   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Credit card impaired loans and loan modifications   The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  impaired credit card loans. All of these loans are considered to be impaired as they have been modified in TDRs. December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Impaired credit card loans with an allowance (a)(b)     Credit card loans with modified payment terms (c) $ 1,135 $ 1,098 Modified credit card loans that have reverted to pre-modification payment terms (d) 80 142 Total impaired credit card loans (e) $ 1,215 $ 1,240 Allowance for loan losses related to impaired credit card loans $ 383 $ 358 (a) The carrying value and the unpaid principal balance are the same for credit card impaired loans. (b) There were no impaired loans without an allowance. (c) Represents credit card loans outstanding to borrowers enrolled in a credit card modification program as of the date presented. (d) Represents credit card loans that were modified in TDRs but that have subsequently reverted back to the loans’ pre-modification payment terms. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  $43 million  and  $94 million , respectively, of loans have reverted back to the pre-modification payment terms of the loans due to noncompliance with the terms of the modified loans. The remaining  $37 million  and  $48 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively, of these loans are to borrowers who have successfully completed a short-term modification program. The Firm continues to report these loans as TDRs since the borrowers’ credit lines remain closed. (e) Predominantly all impaired credit card loans are in the U.S. The following table presents average balances of impaired credit card loans and interest income recognized on those loans.   Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2017 2016 2015 Average impaired credit card loans   $ 1,214 $ 1,325 $ 1,710 Interest income on   impaired credit card loans   59 63 82 Loan modifications   JPMorgan Chase may offer one of a number of loan modification programs to credit card borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. Most of the credit card loans have been modified under long-term programs for borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulties.  Modifications under long-term programs involve placing the customer on a fixed payment plan, generally for  60 months . The Firm may also offer short-term programs  for borrowers who may be in need of temporary relief; however, none are currently being offered. Modifications under all short- and long-term programs typically include reducing the interest rate on the credit card. Substantially all modifications are considered to be TDRs.     If the cardholder does not comply with the modified payment terms, then the credit card loan continues to age and will ultimately be charged-off in accordance with  the Firm’s  standard charge-off policy. In most cases,  the Firm  does not reinstate the borrower’s line of credit.   New enrollments in these loan modification programs for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  were   $756 million ,  $636 million  and  $638 million ,  respectively. Financial effects of modifications and redefaults   The following table provides information about the financial effects of the concessions granted on credit card loans modified in TDRs and redefaults for the periods presented. Year ended December 31, (in millions, except weighted-average data)   2017 2016 2015 Weighted-average interest rate of loans – before TDR   16.58 % 15.56 % 15.08 % Weighted-average interest rate of loans – after TDR   4.88 4.76 4.40 Loans that redefaulted within one year of modification (a)   $ 75 $ 79 $ 85 (a) Represents loans modified in TDRs that experienced a payment default in the periods presented, and for which the payment default occurred within  one year  of the modification. The amounts presented represent the balance of such loans as of the end of the quarter in which they defaulted. For credit card loans modified in TDRs,  a substantial portion of these loans are expected to be charged-off in accordance with  the Firm’s  standard charge-off policy. Based on historical experience, the estimated weighted-average default rate for modified credit card loans was expected to be   31.54% ,  28.87%  and  25.61%  as of  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   227 Notes to consolidated financial statements Wholesale loan portfolio Wholesale loans include loans made to a variety of clients, ranging from large corporate and institutional clients to high-net-worth individuals. The primary credit quality indicator for wholesale loans is the risk rating assigned to each loan. Risk ratings are used to identify the credit quality of loans and differentiate risk within the portfolio. Risk ratings on loans consider the  PD and the LGD.  The PD is the likelihood that a loan will default. The LGD is the estimated loss on the loan that would be realized upon the default of the borrower and takes into consideration collateral and structural support for each credit facility.   Management considers several factors to determine an appropriate risk rating, including the obligor’s debt capacity and financial flexibility, the level of the obligor’s earnings, the amount and sources for repayment, the level and nature of contingencies, management strength, and the industry and geography in which the obligor operates.  The Firm’s  definition of criticized aligns with the banking regulatory definition of criticized exposures, which consist of special mention, substandard and doubtful categories. Risk ratings generally represent ratings profiles similar to those defined by S&P and Moody’s. Investment-grade ratings range from “AAA/Aaa” to “BBB-/Baa3.” Noninvestment-grade ratings are classified as noncriticized (“BB+/Ba1 and B-/B3”) and criticized (“CCC+”/“Caa1 and below”), and the criticized portion is further subdivided into performing and nonaccrual loans, representing management’s assessment of the collectibility of principal and interest. Criticized loans have a higher probability of default than noncriticized loans.   Risk ratings are reviewed on a regular and ongoing basis by Credit Risk Management and are adjusted as necessary for updated information affecting the obligor’s ability to fulfill its obligations. As noted above, the risk rating of a loan considers the industry in which the obligor conducts its operations. As part of the overall credit risk management framework,  the Firm  focuses on the management and diversification of its industry and client exposures, with particular attention paid to industries with actual or potential credit concern. See Note   4   for further detail on industry concentrations. 228   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The table below provides information by class of receivable for the retained loans in the Wholesale portfolio segment. In 2017  the Firm  revised its methodology for the assignment of industry classifications, to better monitor and manage concentrations. This largely resulted in the re-assignment of holding companies from Other to the industry of risk category based on the primary business activity of the holding company's underlying entities. In the tables and industry discussions below, the prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.   Below are summaries of  the Firm ’s exposures as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .  For additional information on industry concentrations, see Note   4 . As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Commercial  and industrial   Real estate   Financial  institutions   Government agencies   Other (d)   Total retained loans 2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016 Loans by risk ratings                                   Investment-grade $ 68,071 $ 65,687   $ 98,467 $ 88,649   $ 26,791 $ 24,294   $ 15,140 $ 15,935   $ 103,212 $ 95,358   $ 311,681 $ 289,923 Noninvestment-    grade:                                   Noncriticized 46,558 47,531   14,335 16,155   13,071 11,075   369 439   9,988 9,360   84,321 84,560 Criticized performing 3,983 6,186   710 798   210 200   — 6   259 163   5,162 7,353 Criticized nonaccrual 1,357 1,491   136 200   2 9   — —   239 254   1,734 1,954 Total  noninvestment- grade 51,898 55,208   15,181 17,153   13,283 11,284   369 445   10,486 9,777   91,217 93,867 Total retained loans $ 119,969 $ 120,895   $ 113,648 $ 105,802   $ 40,074 $ 35,578   $ 15,509 $ 16,380   $ 113,698 $ 105,135   $ 402,898 $ 383,790 % of total criticized to total retained loans 4.45 % 6.35 %   0.74 % 0.94  %   0.53 % 0.59  %   — 0.04  %   0.44 % 0.40 %   1.71 % 2.43 % % of nonaccrual loans to total retained loans 1.13 1.23   0.12 0.19   — 0.03   — —   0.21 0.24   0.43 0.51 Loans by geographic distribution (a)                                   Total non-U.S. $ 28,470 $ 30,563   $ 3,101 $ 3,302   $ 16,790 $ 15,147   $ 2,906 $ 3,726   $ 44,112 $ 38,776   $ 95,379 $ 91,514 Total U.S. 91,499 90,332   110,547 102,500   23,284 20,431   12,603 12,654   69,586 66,359   307,519 292,276 Total retained loans $ 119,969 $ 120,895   $ 113,648 $ 105,802   $ 40,074 $ 35,578   $ 15,509 $ 16,380   $ 113,698 $ 105,135   $ 402,898 $ 383,790                                     Net charge-offs/(recoveries) $ 117 $ 345   $ (4 ) $ (7 )   $ 6 $ (1 )   $ 5 $ (1 )   $ (5 ) $ 5   $ 119 $ 341 % of net  charge-offs/(recoveries) to end-of-period retained loans 0.10 % 0.28 %   — % (0.01 )%   0.01 % (0.01 )%   0.03 % (0.01 )%   — % 0.01 %   0.03 % 0.09 %                                     Loan  delinquency (b)                                   Current and less than 30 days past due and still accruing $ 118,288 $ 119,050   $ 113,258 $ 105,396   $ 40,042 $ 35,523   $ 15,493 $ 16,269   $ 112,559 $ 104,280   $ 399,640 $ 380,518 30–89 days past due and still accruing 216 268   242 204   15 25   12 107   898 582   1,383 1,186 90 or more days past due and still accruing (c) 108 86   12 2   15 21   4 4   2 19   141 132 Criticized nonaccrual 1,357 1,491   136 200   2 9   — —   239 254   1,734 1,954 Total retained loans $ 119,969 $ 120,895   $ 113,648 $ 105,802   $ 40,074 $ 35,578   $ 15,509 $ 16,380   $ 113,698 $ 105,135   $ 402,898 $ 383,790 (a) The U.S. and non-U.S. distribution is determined based predominantly on the domicile of the borrower. (b) The credit quality of wholesale loans is assessed primarily through ongoing review and monitoring of an obligor’s ability to meet contractual obligations rather than relying on the past due status, which is generally a lagging indicator of credit quality. (c) Represents loans that are considered well-collateralized and therefore still accruing interest. (d) Other includes individuals, SPEs, holding companies, and private education and civic organizations. For more information on exposures to SPEs, see Note  14 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   229 Notes to consolidated financial statements The following table presents additional information on the real estate class of loans within the Wholesale portfolio for the periods indicated. Exposure consists primarily of secured commercial loans, of which multifamily is the largest segment. Multifamily lending finances acquisition, leasing and construction of apartment buildings, and includes exposure to real estate investment trusts (“REITs”). Other commercial lending largely includes financing for acquisition, leasing and construction, largely for office, retail and industrial real estate, and includes exposure to REITs. Included in real estate loans is   $10.8 billion  and  $9.2 billion   as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively, of construction and development exposure consisting of loans originally purposed for construction and development, general purpose loans for builders, as well as loans for land subdivision and pre-development. December 31, (in millions, except ratios) Multifamily   Other Commercial   Total real estate loans 2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016 Real estate retained loans $ 77,597 $ 72,143   $ 36,051 $ 33,659   $ 113,648 $ 105,802 Criticized 491 539   355 459   846 998 % of criticized to total real estate retained loans 0.63 % 0.75 %   0.98 % 1.36 %   0.74 % 0.94 % Criticized nonaccrual $ 44 $ 57   $ 92 $ 143   $ 136 $ 200 % of criticized nonaccrual to total real estate retained loans 0.06 % 0.08 %   0.26 % 0.42 %   0.12 % 0.19 % Wholesale impaired loans and loan modifications Wholesale impaired loans consist of loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status and/or that have been modified in a TDR. All impaired loans are evaluated for an asset-specific allowance as described in Note   13 . The table below sets forth information about  the Firm’s  wholesale impaired loans. December 31,  (in millions) Commercial and industrial   Real estate   Financial institutions   Government  agencies   Other   Total  retained loans   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016   2017   2016   Impaired loans                                       With an allowance $ 1,170 $ 1,127   $ 78 $ 124   $ 93 $ 9   $ — $ —   $ 168 $ 180   $ 1,509   $ 1,440   Without an allowance (a) 228 414   60 87   — —   — —   70 76   358   577   Total   impaired loans $ 1,398 $ 1,541   $ 138 $ 211   $ 93 $ 9   $ — $ —   $ 238 $ 256   $ 1,867 (c)   $ 2,017 (c)   Allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans $ 404 $ 258   $ 11 $ 18   $ 4 $ 3   $ — $ —   $ 42 $ 63   $ 461   $ 342   Unpaid principal balance of impaired loans (b) 1,604 1,754   201 295   94 12   — —   255 284   2,154   2,345   (a) When the discounted cash flows, collateral value or market price equals or exceeds the recorded investment in the loan, the loan does not require an allowance. This typically occurs when the impaired loans have been partially charged-off and/or there have been interest payments received and applied to the loan balance. (b) Represents the contractual amount of principal owed at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . The unpaid principal balance differs from the impaired loan balances due to various factors, including charge-offs; interest payments received and applied to the carrying value; net deferred loan fees or costs; and unamortized discount or premiums on purchased loans. (c) Based upon the domicile of the borrower, largely consists of loans in the U.S. The following table presents  the Firm’s  average impaired loans for the years ended   2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Commercial and industrial $ 1,145 $ 1,480 $ 453 Real estate 164 217 250 Financial institutions 20 13 13 Government agencies — — — Other 231 213 129 Total (a) $ 1,560 $ 1,923 $ 845 (a) The related interest income on accruing impaired loans and interest income recognized on a cash basis were not material for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 .   Certain loan modifications are considered to be TDRs as they provide various concessions to borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. All TDRs are reported as impaired loans in the tables above. TDRs were   $614 million  and  $733 million  as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . 230   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 13 – Allowance for credit losses JPMorgan Chase ’s  allowance for loan losses represents management’s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the  Firm’s  retained loan portfolio, which consists of the two consumer portfolio segments (primarily scored) and the wholesale portfolio segment (risk-rated).  The allowance for loan losses includes a formula-based component, an asset-specific component, and a component related to PCI loans, as described below. Management also estimates an allowance for wholesale and certain consumer lending-related commitments using methodologies similar to those used to estimate the allowance on the underlying loans.   During the  second quarter of 2017, the Firm  refined its credit loss estimates relating to the wholesale portfolio by incorporating the use of internal historical data versus external credit rating agency default statistics to estimate  PD.  In addition, an adjustment to the statistical calculation for wholesale lending-related commitments was incorporated similar to the adjustment applied for wholesale loans. The impacts of these refinements were not material to the allowance for credit losses.   The Firm’s  policies used to determine its allowance for credit losses are described in the following paragraphs.    Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Subsequent evaluations of the loan portfolio, in light of the factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the allowances for loan losses and lending-related commitments in future periods. At least quarterly, the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the CRO, the  CFO  and the Controller of  the Firm  and discussed with the DRPC and the Audit Committee .  As of December 31, 2017,  JPMorgan Chase  deemed the allowance for credit losses to be appropriate (i.e., sufficient to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio).   Formula-based component   The formula-based component is based on a statistical calculation to provide for incurred credit losses in all consumer loans and performing risk-rated loans. All loans restructured in TDRs as well as any impaired risk-rated loans have an allowance assessed as part of the asset-specific component, while PCI loans have an allowance assessed as part of the PCI component. See Note   12   for more information on TDRs, Impaired loans and PCI loans.   Formula-based component - Consumer loans and certain lending-related commitments   The formula-based allowance for credit losses for the consumer portfolio segments is calculated by applying statistical credit loss factors (estimated PD and loss severities) to the recorded investment balances or loan-equivalent amounts of pools of loan exposures with similar risk characteristics over a loss emergence period to arrive at an estimate of incurred credit losses. Estimated loss emergence periods may vary by product and may change    over time; management applies judgment in estimating loss emergence periods, using available credit information and trends. In addition, management applies judgment to the statistical loss estimates for each loan portfolio category, using delinquency trends and other risk characteristics to estimate the total incurred credit losses in the portfolio. Management uses additional statistical methods and considers actual portfolio performance, including actual losses recognized on defaulted loans and collateral valuation trends, to review the appropriateness of the primary statistical loss estimate. The economic impact of potential modifications of residential real estate loans is not included in the statistical calculation because of the uncertainty regarding the type and results of such modifications.  The statistical calculation is then adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision, external factors and current economic events that have occurred but that are not yet reflected in the factors used to derive the statistical calculation; these adjustments are accomplished in part by analyzing the historical loss experience for each major product segment. However, it is difficult to predict whether historical loss experience is indicative of future loss levels. Management applies judgment in making this adjustment, taking into account uncertainties associated with current macroeconomic and political conditions, quality of underwriting standards, borrower behavior, and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio. In certain instances, the interrelationships between these factors create further uncertainties. The application of different inputs into the statistical calculation, and the assumptions used by management to adjust the statistical calculation, are subject to management judgment, and emphasizing one input or assumption over another, or considering other inputs or assumptions, could affect the estimate of the allowance for credit losses for the consumer credit portfolio.   Overall, the allowance for credit losses for consumer portfolios is sensitive to changes in the economic environment (e.g., unemployment rates), delinquency rates, the realizable value of collateral (e.g., housing prices), FICO scores, borrower behavior and other risk factors. While all of these factors are important determinants of overall allowance levels, changes in the various factors may not occur at the same time or at the same rate, or changes may be directionally inconsistent such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in another. In addition, changes in these factors would not necessarily be consistent across all geographies or product types. Finally, it is difficult to predict the extent to which changes in these factors would ultimately affect the frequency of losses, the severity of losses or both.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   231 Notes to consolidated financial statements Formula-based component - Wholesale loans and lending-related commitments   The Firm’s  methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for lending-related commitments involves the early identification of credits that are deteriorating. The formula-based component of the allowance for wholesale loans and lending-related commitments is calculated by applying statistical credit loss factors (estimated PD and LGD) to the recorded investment balances or loan-equivalent over a loss emergence period to arrive at an estimate of incurred credit losses in the portfolio. Estimated loss emergence periods may vary by funded versus unfunded status of the instrument and may change over time. The Firm  assesses the credit quality of its borrower or counterparty and assigns a risk rating. Risk ratings are assigned at origination or acquisition, and if necessary, adjusted for changes in credit quality over the life of the exposure. In assessing the risk rating of a particular loan or lending-related commitment, among the factors considered are the obligor’s debt capacity and financial flexibility, the level of the obligor’s earnings, the amount and sources for repayment, the level and nature of contingencies, management strength, and the industry and geography in which the obligor operates. These factors are based on an evaluation of historical and current information and involve subjective assessment and interpretation. Determining risk ratings involves significant judgment; emphasizing one factor over another or considering additional factors could affect the risk rating assigned by  the Firm. A PD estimate is determined based on the  Firm’s  history of defaults over more than one credit cycle.        LGD estimate is a judgment-based estimate assigned to each loan or lending-related commitment. The estimate represents the amount of economic loss if the obligor were to default. The type of obligor, quality of collateral, and the seniority of  the Firm’s  lending exposure in the obligor’s capital structure affect LGD.  The Firm  applies judgment in estimating PD, LGD, loss emergence period and loan-equivalent used in calculating the allowance for credit losses.  Estimates of PD, LGD, loss emergence period and loan-equivalent used are subject to periodic refinement based on any changes to underlying external or  Firm- specific historical data. Changes to the time period used for PD and LGD estimates could also affect the allowance for credit losses. The use of different inputs, estimates or methodologies could change the amount of the allowance for credit losses determined appropriate by  the Firm. In addition to the statistical credit loss estimates applied to the wholesale portfolio, management applies its judgment to adjust the statistical estimates for wholesale loans and lending-related commitments, taking into consideration model imprecision, external factors and economic events that have occurred but are not yet reflected in the loss factors. Historical experience of both LGD and PD are    considered when estimating these adjustments. Factors related to concentrated and deteriorating industries also are incorporated where relevant. These estimates are based on management’s view of uncertainties that relate to current macroeconomic conditions, quality of underwriting standards and other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the current portfolio.   Asset-specific component   The asset-specific component of the allowance relates to loans considered to be impaired, which includes loans that have been modified in TDRs as well as risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status. To determine the asset-specific component of the allowance, larger risk-rated loans (primarily loans in the wholesale portfolio segment) are evaluated individually, while smaller loans (both risk-rated and scored) are evaluated as pools using historical loss experience for the respective class of assets.  The Firm  generally measures the asset-specific allowance as the difference between the recorded investment in the loan and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate. Subsequent changes in impairment are reported as an adjustment to the allowance for loan losses. In certain cases, the asset-specific allowance is determined using an observable market price, and the allowance is measured as the difference between the recorded investment in the loan and the loan’s fair value. Collateral-dependent loans are charged down to the fair value of collateral less costs to sell. For any of these impaired loans, the amount of the asset-specific allowance required to be recorded, if any, is dependent upon the recorded investment in the loan (including prior charge-offs), and either the expected cash flows or fair value of collateral. See Note  12   for more information about charge-offs and collateral-dependent loans.   The asset-specific component of the allowance for impaired loans that have been modified in TDRs (including forgone interest, principal forgiveness, as well as other concessions) incorporates the effect of the modification on the loan’s expected cash flows, which considers the potential for redefault. For residential real estate loans modified in TDRs,  the Firm  develops product-specific probability of default estimates, which are applied at a loan level to compute expected losses. In developing these probabilities of default,  the Firm  considers the relationship between the credit quality characteristics of the underlying loans and certain assumptions about home prices and unemployment, based upon industry-wide data.  The Firm  also considers its own historical loss experience to-date based on actual redefaulted modified loans. For credit card loans modified in TDRs, expected losses incorporate projected redefaults based on  the Firm’s  historical experience by type of modification program. For wholesale loans modified in TDRs, expected losses incorporate management’s expectation of the borrower’s ability to repay under the modified terms.   232   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Estimating the timing and amounts of future cash flows is highly judgmental as these cash flow projections rely upon estimates such as loss severities, asset valuations, default rates (including redefault rates on modified loans), the amounts and timing of interest or principal payments (including any expected prepayments) or other factors that are reflective of current and expected market conditions. These estimates are, in turn, dependent on factors such as the duration of current overall economic conditions, industry-, portfolio-, or borrower-specific factors, the expected outcome of insolvency proceedings as well as, in certain circumstances, other economic factors, including the level of future home prices. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant management judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.     PCI loans In connection with the acquisition of certain PCI loans, which are accounted for as described in Note   12 ,  the allowance for loan losses for the PCI portfolio is based on quarterly estimates of the amount of principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected over the estimated remaining lives of the loans.    These cash flow projections are based on estimates regarding default rates (including redefault rates on modified loans), loss severities, the amounts and timing of prepayments and other factors that are reflective of current and expected future market conditions. These estimates are dependent on assumptions regarding the level of future home prices, and the duration of current overall economic conditions, among other factors. These estimates and assumptions require significant management judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   233 Notes to consolidated financial statements Allowance for credit losses and related information   The table below summarizes information about the allowances for loan losses and lending-relating commitments, and includes a breakdown of loans and lending-related commitments by impairment methodology.     2017   Year ended December 31, (in millions) Consumer, excluding  credit card   Credit card   Wholesale   Total   Allowance for loan losses                 Beginning balance at January 1, $ 5,198   $ 4,034   $ 4,544   $ 13,776   Gross charge-offs 1,779 4,521   212   6,512   Gross recoveries (634 )   (398 )   (93 )   (1,125 )   Net charge-offs 1,145 4,123   119   5,387   Write-offs of PCI loans (a) 86   —   —   86   Provision for loan losses 613   4,973   (286 )   5,300   Other (1 ) —   2   1   Ending balance at December 31, $ 4,579   $ 4,884   $ 4,141   $ 13,604                     Allowance for loan losses by impairment methodology                 Asset-specific (b) $ 246   $ 383 (c)   $ 461   $ 1,090   Formula-based 2,108   4,501   3,680   10,289   PCI 2,225   —   —   2,225   Total allowance for loan losses $ 4,579   $ 4,884   $ 4,141   $ 13,604                     Loans by impairment methodology                 Asset-specific $ 8,036   $ 1,215   $ 1,867   $ 11,118   Formula-based 333,941   148,172   401,028   883,141   PCI 30,576   —   3   30,579   Total retained loans $ 372,553   $ 149,387   $ 402,898   $ 924,838                     Impaired collateral-dependent loans                 Net charge-offs $ 64 $ —   $ 31   $ 95   Loans measured at fair value of collateral less cost to sell 2,133   —   233   2,366                     Allowance for lending-related commitments                 Beginning balance at January 1, $ 26   $ —   $ 1,052   $ 1,078   Provision for lending-related commitments 7   —   (17 )   (10 )   Other —   —   —   —   Ending balance at December 31, $ 33   $ —   $ 1,035   $ 1,068                     Allowance for lending-related commitments by impairment methodology                 Asset-specific $ —   $ —   $ 187   $ 187   Formula-based 33   —   848   881   Total allowance for lending-related commitments $ 33   $ —   $ 1,035   $ 1,068                     Lending-related commitments by impairment methodology                 Asset-specific $ —   $ —   $ 731   $ 731   Formula-based 48,553   572,831   369,367   990,751   Total lending-related commitments $ 48,553   $ 572,831   $ 370,098   $ 991,482   (a) Write-offs of PCI loans are recorded against the allowance for loan losses when actual losses for a pool exceed estimated losses that were recorded as purchase accounting adjustments at the time of acquisition. A write-off of a PCI loan is recognized when the underlying loan is removed from a pool.  (b) Includes risk-rated loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status and all loans that have been modified in a TDR. (c) The asset-specific credit card allowance for loan losses is related to loans that have been modified in a TDR; such allowance is calculated based on the loans’ original contractual interest rates and does not consider any incremental penalty rates. (d) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 234   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report (table continued from previous page)                       2016   2015   Consumer, excluding  credit card   Credit card   Wholesale   Total   Consumer, excluding  credit card   Credit card   Wholesale   Total                                   $ 5,806   $ 3,434   $ 4,315   $ 13,555   $ 7,050   $ 3,439   $ 3,696   $ 14,185   1,500   3,799   398   5,697   1,658   3,488   95   5,241   (591 )   (357 )   (57 )   (1,005 )   (704 )   (366 )   (85 )   (1,155 )   909   3,442   341   4,692   954   3,122   10   4,086   156   —   —   156   208   —   —   208   467   4,042   571   5,080   (82 )   3,122   623   3,663   (10 )   —   (1 )   (11 )   —   (5 )   6   1   $ 5,198   $ 4,034   $ 4,544   $ 13,776   $ 5,806   $ 3,434   $ 4,315   $ 13,555                                                                   $ 308   $ 358 (c)   $ 342   $ 1,008   $ 364   $ 460 (c)   $ 274   $ 1,098   2,579   3,676   4,202   10,457   2,700   2,974   4,041   9,715   2,311   —   —   2,311   2,742   —   —   2,742   $ 5,198   $ 4,034   $ 4,544   $ 13,776   $ 5,806   $ 3,434   $ 4,315   $ 13,555                                                                   $ 8,940   $ 1,240   $ 2,017   $ 12,197   $ 9,606   $ 1,465   $ 1,024   $ 12,095   319,787   140,471   381,770   842,028   293,751   129,922   356,022   779,695   35,679   —   3   35,682   40,998   —   4   41,002   $ 364,406   $ 141,711   $ 383,790   $ 889,907   $ 344,355   $ 131,387   $ 357,050   $ 832,792                                                                   $ 98   $ —   $ 7   $ 105   $ 104   $ —   $ 16   $ 120   2,391   —   300   2,691   2,566   —   283   2,849                                                                   $ 14   $ —   $ 772   $ 786   $ 13   $ —   $ 609   $ 622   —   —   281   281   1   —   163   164   12   —   (1 )   11   —   —   —   —   $ 26   $ —   $ 1,052   $ 1,078   $ 14   $ —   $ 772   $ 786                                                                   $ —   $ —   $ 169   $ 169   $ —   $ —   $ 73   $ 73   26   —   883   909   14   —   699   713   $ 26   $ —   $ 1,052   $ 1,078   $ 14   $ —   $ 772   $ 786                                                                   $ —   $ —   $ 506   $ 506   $ —   $ —   $ 193   $ 193   53,247 (d)   553,891   367,508   974,646 (d)   56,865 (d)   515,518   366,206   938,589 (d)   $ 53,247 (d)   $ 553,891   $ 368,014   $ 975,152 (d)   $ 56,865 (d)   $ 515,518   $ 366,399   $ 938,782 (d)   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   235 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 14 – Variable interest entities For a further description of  JPMorgan Chase’s  accounting policies regarding consolidation of VIEs, see Note   1 . The following table summarizes the most significant types of  Firm -sponsored VIEs by  business segment. The Firm  considers a “sponsored” VIE to include any entity where: (1)  JPMorgan Chase  is the primary beneficiary of the structure; (2) the VIE is used by  JPMorgan Chase  to securitize  Firm  assets; (3) the VIE issues financial instruments with the  JPMorgan Chase name; or (4) the entity is a JPMorgan Chase –administered asset-backed commercial paper conduit. Line of Business Transaction Type Activity Annual Report page references CCB Credit card securitization trusts Securitization of originated credit card receivables 236-237 Mortgage securitization trusts Servicing and securitization of both originated and purchased residential mortgages 237-239 CIB Mortgage and other securitization trusts Securitization of both originated and purchased residential and commercial mortgages and other consumer loans 237-239 Multi-seller conduits Assist clients in accessing the financial markets in a cost-efficient manner and structures transactions to meet investor needs 239 Municipal bond vehicles Financing of municipal bond investments 239-240 The Firm’s other business segments  are also involved with VIEs (both third-party and  Firm -sponsored), but to a lesser extent, as follows:   • Asset & Wealth Management: AWM sponsors and manages certain funds that are deemed VIEs. As asset manager of the funds, AWM earns a fee based on assets managed; the fee varies with each fund’s investment objective and is competitively priced. For fund entities that qualify as VIEs, AWM’s interests are, in certain cases, considered to be significant variable interests that result in consolidation of the financial results of these entities. • Commercial Banking: CB  provides financing and lending-related services to a wide spectrum of clients, including certain third party-sponsored entities that may meet the definition of a VIE.  CB  does not control the activities of these entities and does not consolidate these entities.  CB’s  maximum loss exposure, regardless of whether the entity is a VIE, is generally limited to loans and lending-related commitments which are reported and disclosed in the same manner as any other third-party transaction.   • Corporate :  Corporate is involved with entities that may meet the definition of VIEs; however these entities are generally subject to specialized investment company accounting, which does not require the consolidation of investments, including VIEs. In addition, Treasury and CIO invest in securities generally issued by third parties which may meet the definition of VIEs (e.g., issuers of asset-backed securities). In general, the Firm does not have the power to direct the significant activities of these entities and therefore does not consolidate these entities. See Note  10  for further information on the Firm’s investment securities portfolio. In addition,  CIB  also invests in and provides financing and other services to VIEs sponsored by third parties. See   pages 241-242   of this Note   for more information on the VIEs sponsored by third parties.   Significant Firm-sponsored variable interest entities Credit card securitizations CCB’s Card business securitizes originated credit card loans, primarily through the Chase Issuance Trust (the “Trust”). The Firm’s continuing involvement in credit card securitizations includes servicing the receivables, retaining an undivided seller’s interest in the receivables, retaining certain senior and subordinated securities and maintaining escrow accounts. The Firm is considered to be the primary beneficiary of these Firm-sponsored credit card securitization trusts based on the Firm’s ability to direct the activities of these VIEs through its servicing responsibilities and other duties, including making decisions as to the receivables that are transferred into those trusts and as to any related modifications and workouts. Additionally, the nature and extent of the Firm’s other continuing involvement with the trusts, as indicated above, obligates the Firm to absorb    losses and gives the Firm the right to receive certain benefits from these VIEs that could potentially be significant. The underlying securitized credit card receivables and other assets of the securitization trusts are available only for payment of the beneficial interests issued by the securitization trusts; they are not available to pay the Firm’s other obligations or the claims of the Firm’s creditors. The agreements with the credit card securitization trusts require the Firm to maintain a minimum undivided interest in the credit card trusts (generally  5% ). As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm held undivided interests in Firm-sponsored credit card securitization trusts of  $15.8 billion  and  $8.9 billion , respectively. The Firm maintained an average undivided interest in principal receivables owned by those trusts of approximately  26%  and  16%  for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . As of both  236   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm did not retain any senior securities and retained  $4.5 billion  and  $5.3 billion  of subordinated securities in certain of its credit card securitization trusts as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The Firm’s undivided interests in the credit card trusts and securities retained are eliminated in consolidation. Firm-sponsored mortgage and other securitization trusts   The Firm  securitizes (or has securitized) originated and purchased residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and other consumer loans primarily in its  CCB and CIB businesses.  Depending on the particular transaction, as well as   the respective business involved,  the Firm  may act as the servicer of the loans and/or retain certain beneficial interests in the securitization trusts. The following table presents the total unpaid principal amount of assets held in  Firm -sponsored private-label securitization entities, including those in which  the Firm  has continuing involvement, and those that are consolidated by  the Firm.  Continuing involvement includes servicing the loans, holding senior interests or subordinated interests (including amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules), recourse or guarantee arrangements, and derivative transactions. In certain instances,  the Firm’s  only continuing involvement is servicing the loans. See Securitization activity on   page 242   of this Note for further information regarding  the Firm’s  cash flows with and interests retained in nonconsolidated VIEs, and   page 243   of this Note for information on  the Firm’s  loan sales to U.S. government agencies.   Principal amount outstanding   JPMorgan Chase interest in securitized assets in nonconsolidated VIEs (c)(d)(e) December 31, 2017  (in millions) Total assets held by securitization VIEs Assets  held in consolidated securitization VIEs Assets held in nonconsolidated securitization VIEs with continuing involvement   Trading assets  Securities Other financial assets Total interests held by JPMorgan Chase Securitization-related (a)                 Residential mortgage:                 Prime/Alt-A and option ARMs $ 68,874 $ 3,615 $ 52,280   $ 410 $ 943 $ — $ 1,353 Subprime 18,984 7 17,612   93 — — 93 Commercial and other (b) 94,905 63 63,411   745 1,133 157 2,035 Total $ 182,763 $ 3,685 $ 133,303   $ 1,248 $ 2,076 $ 157 $ 3,481   Principal amount outstanding   JPMorgan Chase interest in securitized assets in nonconsolidated VIEs (c)(d)(e) December 31, 2016(in millions) Total assets held by securitization VIEs Assets  held in consolidated securitization VIEs Assets held in nonconsolidated securitization VIEs with continuing involvement   Trading assets Securities Other financial assets Total interests held by JPMorgan Chase Securitization-related (a)                 Residential mortgage:                 Prime/Alt-A and option ARMs $ 76,789 $ 4,209 $ 57,543   $ 226 $ 1,334 $ — $ 1,560 Subprime 21,542 — 19,903   76 — — 76 Commercial and other (b) 101,265 107 71,464   509 2,064 — 2,573 Total $ 199,596 $ 4,316 $ 148,910   $ 811 $ 3,398 $ — $ 4,209 (a) Excludes U.S. government agency securitizations and re-securitizations, which are not Firm-sponsored. See  page 243  of this Note for information on the Firm’s loan sales to U.S. government agencies. (b) Consists of securities backed by commercial loans (predominantly real estate) and non-mortgage-related consumer receivables purchased from third parties.  (c) Excludes the following: retained servicing (see Note  15  for a discussion of MSRs); securities retained from loan sales to U.S. government agencies; interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives primarily used to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risks of securitization entities (See Note  5  for further information on derivatives); senior and subordinated securities of  $88 million  and  $48 million , respectively, at  December 31, 2017 , and  $180 million  and  $49 million , respectively, at  December 31, 2016 , which the Firm purchased in connection with CIB’s secondary market-making activities. (d) Includes interests held in re-securitization transactions. (e) As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  61%  and  61% , respectively, of the Firm’s retained securitization interests, which are predominantly carried at fair value and include amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules, were risk-rated “A” or better, on an S&P-equivalent basis. The retained interests in prime residential mortgages consisted of  $1.3 billion  and  $1.5 billion  of investment-grade and  $48 million  and  $77 million  of noninvestment-grade retained interests at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The retained interests in commercial and other securitizations trusts consisted of  $1.6 billion  and  $2.4 billion  of investment-grade and  $412 million  and  $210 million  of noninvestment-grade retained interests at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively.     JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   237 Notes to consolidated financial statements Residential mortgage The Firm  securitizes residential mortgage loans originated by  CCB,  as well as residential mortgage loans purchased from third parties by either  CCB or CIB. CCB  generally retains servicing for all residential mortgage loans  it  originated or purchased ,  and for certain mortgage loans purchased by  CIB.  For securitizations of loans serviced by  CCB, the Firm  has the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE because it is responsible for decisions related to loan modifications and workouts.  CCB  may also retain an interest upon securitization. In addition,  CIB  engages in underwriting and trading activities involving securities issued by  Firm -sponsored securitization trusts. As a result,  CIB  at times retains senior and/or subordinated interests (including residual interests and amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules) in residential mortgage securitizations at the time of securitization, and/or reacquires positions in the secondary market in the normal course of business. In certain instances, as a result of the positions retained or reacquired by  CIB  or held by  CCB,  when considered together with the servicing arrangements entered into by  CCB, the Firm  is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of certain securitization trusts. See the table on   page 241   of this Note for more information on consolidated residential mortgage securitizations. The Firm  does not consolidate a residential mortgage securitization  (Firm -sponsored or third-party-sponsored) when it is not the servicer (and therefore does not have the power to direct the most significant activities of the trust) or does not hold a beneficial interest in the trust that could potentially be significant to the trust.   See the table on   page 241   of this Note for more information on the consolidated residential mortgage securitizations, and the table on the previous page of this Note for further information on interests held in nonconsolidated residential mortgage securitizations. Commercial mortgages and other consumer securitizations CIB  originates and securitizes commercial mortgage loans, and engages in underwriting and trading activities involving the securities issued by securitization trusts.  CIB  may retain unsold senior and/or subordinated interests (including amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules) in commercial mortgage securitizations at the time of securitization but, generally,  the Firm  does not service commercial loan securitizations. For commercial mortgage securitizations the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE generally is held by the servicer or investors in a specified class of securities (“controlling class”).  The Firm  generally does not retain an interest in the controlling class in its sponsored commercial mortgage securitization transactions. See the table on   page 241   of this Note for more information on the consolidated commercial mortgage securitizations,   and the table on the previous page of this Note for further information on interests held in nonconsolidated securitizations.   Re-securitizations The Firm engages in certain re-securitization transactions in which debt securities are transferred to a VIE in exchange for new beneficial interests. These transfers occur in connection with both agency (Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”) and Government National Mortgage Association (“Ginnie Mae”)) and nonagency (private-label) sponsored VIEs, which may be backed by either residential or commercial mortgages. The Firm’s consolidation analysis is largely dependent on the Firm’s role and interest in the re-securitization trusts. The following table presents the principal amount of securities transferred to re-securitization VIEs. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Transfers of securities to VIEs           Firm-sponsored private-label  $ —   $ 647   $ 777 Agency $ 12,617   $ 11,241   $ 21,908 Most re-securitizations with which the Firm is involved are client-driven transactions in which a specific client or group of clients is seeking a specific return or risk profile. For these transactions, the Firm has concluded that the decision-making power of the entity is shared between the Firm and its clients, considering the joint effort and decisions in establishing the re-securitization trust and its assets, as well as the significant economic interest the client holds in the re-securitization trust; therefore the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE. In more limited circumstances, the Firm creates a nonagency re-securitization trust independently and not in conjunction with specific clients. In these circumstances, the Firm is deemed to have the unilateral ability to direct the most significant activities of the re-securitization trust because of the decisions made during the establishment and design of the trust; therefore, the Firm consolidates the re-securitization VIE if the Firm holds an interest that could potentially be significant. Additionally, the Firm may invest in beneficial interests of third-party re-securitizations and generally purchases these interests in the secondary market. In these circumstances, the Firm does not have the unilateral ability to direct the most significant activities of the re-securitization trust, either because it was not involved in the initial design of the trust, or the Firm is involved with an independent third-party sponsor and demonstrates shared power over the creation of the trust; therefore, the Firm does not consolidate the re-securitization VIE. 238   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table presents information on nonconsolidated re-securitization VIEs. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017   2016 Firm-sponsored private-label       Assets held in VIEs with continuing involvement (a) 783   875 Interest in VIEs 29   43 Agency       Interest in VIEs 2,250   1,986 (a) Represents the principal amount and includes the notional amount of interest-only securities. As of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the Firm did not consolidate any agency re-securitizations or any Firm-sponsored private-label re-securitizations. Multi-seller conduits Multi-seller conduit entities are separate bankruptcy remote entities that provide secured financing, collateralized by pools of receivables and other financial assets, to customers of  the Firm.  The conduits fund their financing facilities through the issuance of highly rated commercial paper. The primary source of repayment of the commercial paper is the cash flows from the pools of assets. In most instances, the assets are structured with deal-specific credit enhancements provided to the conduits by the customers (i.e., sellers) or other third parties. Deal-specific credit enhancements are generally structured to cover a multiple of historical losses expected on the pool of assets, and are typically in the form of overcollateralization provided by the seller. The deal-specific credit enhancements mitigate  the Firm’s  potential losses on its agreements with the conduits. To ensure timely repayment of the commercial paper, and to provide the conduits with funding to provide financing to customers in the event that the conduits do not obtain funding in the commercial paper market, each asset pool financed by the conduits has a minimum 100% deal-specific liquidity facility associated with it provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. also provides the multi-seller conduit vehicles with uncommitted program-wide liquidity facilities and program-wide credit enhancement in the form of standby letters of credit. The amount of program-wide credit enhancement required is based upon commercial paper issuance and approximates   10%   of the outstanding balance of commercial paper. The Firm  consolidates its  Firm -administered multi-seller conduits, as  the Firm  has both the power to direct the significant activities of the conduits and a potentially significant economic interest in the conduits. As administrative agent and in its role in structuring transactions,  the Firm  makes decisions regarding asset types and credit quality, and manages the commercial paper funding needs of the conduits.  The Firm’s  interests that could potentially be significant to the VIEs include the fees received as administrative agent and liquidity and program-wide credit enhancement provider, as well as the potential exposure created by the liquidity and credit    enhancement facilities provided to the conduits. See   page 241   of this Note for further information on consolidated VIE assets and liabilities. In the normal course of business,  JPMorgan Chase  makes markets in and invests in commercial paper issued by  the Firm -administered multi-seller conduits.  The Firm  held   $20.4 billion  and  $21.2 billion   of the commercial paper issued by  the Firm -administered multi-seller conduits at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively, which have been eliminated in consolidation.  The Firm’s  investments reflect  the Firm’s  funding needs and capacity and were not driven by market illiquidity.   Other than the amounts required to be held pursuant to credit risk retention rules,  the Firm  is not obligated under any agreement to purchase the commercial paper issued by  the Firm -administered multi-seller conduits. Deal-specific liquidity facilities, program-wide liquidity and credit enhancement provided by the Firm have been eliminated in consolidation. The Firm or the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits provide lending-related commitments to certain clients of the Firm-administered multi-seller conduits.  The unfunded commitments were   $8.8 billion  and  $7.4 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively, and are reported as off-balance sheet lending-related commitments. For more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments, see Note   27 . Municipal bond vehicles Municipal bond vehicles or tender option bond (“TOB”) trusts allow institutions to finance their municipal bond investments at short-term rates. In a typical TOB transaction, the trust purchases highly rated municipal bond(s) of a single issuer and funds the purchase by issuing two types of securities: (1) puttable floating-rate certificates (“Floaters”) and (2) inverse floating-rate residual interests (“Residuals”). The Floaters are typically purchased by money market funds or other short-term investors and may be tendered, with requisite notice, to the TOB trust. The Residuals are retained by the investor seeking to finance its municipal bond investment.   TOB transactions where the Residual is held by a third party investor are typically known as Customer TOB trusts, and Non-Customer TOB trusts are transactions where the Residual is retained by  the Firm.  Customer TOB trusts are sponsored by a third party; see page  242  on this Note for further information.  The Firm  serves as sponsor for all Non-Customer TOB transactions.  The Firm  may provide various services to a TOB trust, including  remarketing agent,  liquidity or tender option provider, and/or sponsor. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC may serve as a remarketing agent on the Floaters for TOB trusts. The remarketing agent is responsible for establishing the periodic variable rate on the Floaters, conducting the initial placement and remarketing tendered Floaters. The remarketing agent may, but is not obligated to, make markets in Floaters. The Firm held an insignificant amount of Floaters during  2017   and   2016 . JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   239 Notes to consolidated financial statements JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  often serves as the sole liquidity or tender option provider for the TOB trusts. The liquidity provider’s obligation to perform is conditional and is limited by certain events (“Termination Events”), which include bankruptcy or failure to pay by the municipal bond issuer or credit enhancement provider, an event of taxability on the municipal bonds or the immediate downgrade of the municipal bond to below investment grade. In addition, the liquidity provider’s exposure is typically further limited by the high credit quality of the underlying municipal bonds, the excess collateralization in the vehicle, or, in certain transactions, the reimbursement agreements with the Residual holders. Holders of the Floaters may “put,” or tender, their Floaters to the TOB trust. If the remarketing agent cannot successfully remarket the Floaters to another investor, the liquidity provider either provides a loan to the TOB trust for the TOB trust’s purchase of the Floaters, or it directly purchases the tendered Floaters.   TOB trusts are considered to be variable interest entities.  The Firm  consolidates Non-Customer TOB trusts because as the Residual holder,  the Firm  has the right to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle, and it has the right to receive benefits and bear losses that could potentially be significant to the municipal bond vehicle. See   page 241   of this Note for further information on consolidated municipal bond vehicles. 240   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Consolidated VIE assets and liabilities The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs consolidated by  the Firm  as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .   Assets   Liabilities December 31, 2017 (in millions) Trading assets Loans Other (d) Total  assets (e)   Beneficial interests in  VIE assets (f) Other (g) Total  liabilities VIE program type (a)                 Firm-sponsored credit card trusts $ — $ 41,923 $ 652 $ 42,575   $ 21,278 $ 16 $ 21,294 Firm-administered multi-seller conduits — 23,411 48 23,459   3,045 28 3,073 Municipal bond vehicles 1,278 — 3 1,281   1,265 2 1,267 Mortgage securitization entities (b) 66 3,661 55 3,782   359 199 558 Student loan securitization entities (c) — — — —   — — — Other 105 — 1,916 2,021   134 104 238 Total $ 1,449 $ 68,995 $ 2,674 $ 73,118   $ 26,081 $ 349 $ 26,430                     Assets   Liabilities December 31, 2016 (in millions) Trading assets Loans Other (d) Total  assets (e)   Beneficial interests in  VIE assets (f) Other (g) Total  liabilities VIE program type (a)                 Firm-sponsored credit card trusts $ — $ 45,919 $ 790 $ 46,709   $ 31,181 $ 18 $ 31,199 Firm-administered multi-seller conduits — 23,760 43 23,803   2,719 33 2,752 Municipal bond vehicles  2,897 — 8 2,905   2,969 2 2,971 Mortgage securitization entities (b) 143 4,246 103 4,492   468 313 781 Student loan securitization entities  (c) — 1,689 59 1,748   1,527 4 1,531 Other 145 — 2,318 2,463   183 120 303 Total $ 3,185 $ 75,614 $ 3,321 $ 82,120   $ 39,047 $ 490 $ 39,537 (a) Excludes intercompany transactions, which are eliminated in consolidation. (b) Includes residential and commercial mortgage securitizations. (c) The Firm deconsolidated the student loan securitization entities in the second quarter of 2017 as it no longer had a controlling financial interest in these entities as a result of the sale of the student loan portfolio. (d) Includes assets classified as cash and other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets. (e) The assets of the consolidated VIEs included in the program types above are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The difference between total assets and total liabilities recognized for consolidated VIEs represents the Firm’s interest in the consolidated VIEs for each program type. (f) The interest-bearing beneficial interest liabilities issued by consolidated VIEs are classified in the line item on the Consolidated balance sheets titled, “Beneficial interests issued by consolidated variable interest entities.” The holders of these beneficial interests do not have recourse to the general credit of  JPMorgan Chase . Included in beneficial interests in VIE assets are long-term beneficial interests of  $21.8 billion  and  $33.4 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. For additional information on interest bearing long-term beneficial interest, see Note  19 . (g) Includes liabilities classified as accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. VIEs sponsored by third parties   The Firm  enters into transactions with VIEs structured by other parties. These include, for example, acting as a derivative counterparty, liquidity provider, investor, underwriter, placement agent, remarketing agent, trustee or custodian. These transactions are conducted at arm’s-length, and individual credit decisions are based on the analysis of the specific VIE, taking into consideration the quality of the underlying assets. Where  the Firm  does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance, or a variable interest that could potentially be significant,  the Firm  generally does not consolidate the VIE, but it records and reports these positions on its Consolidated balance sheets in the same manner it would record and report positions in respect of any other third-party transaction.     Tax credit vehicles   The Firm  holds investments in unconsolidated tax credit vehicles, which are limited partnerships and similar entities that construct, own and operate affordable housing ,  wind , solar and other alternative energy  projects. These entities are primarily considered VIEs. A third party is typically the general partner or managing member and has control over the significant activities of the tax credit vehicles, and accordingly  the Firm  does not consolidate tax credit vehicles.  The Firm  generally invests in these partnerships as a limited partner and earns a return primarily through the receipt of tax credits allocated to the projects. The maximum loss exposure, represented by equity investments and funding commitments, was   $13.4 billion  and  $14.8 billion ,  of which   $3.2 billion  and  $3.8 billion   was unfunded at   December 31, 2017  and  2016   respectively.  In order to reduce the risk of loss, the Firm  assesses each project and withholds varying amounts of its capital investment until qualification of the project for tax credits. See Note   24   for   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   241 Notes to consolidated financial statements further information on affordable housing tax credits.   For more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments, see Note  27. Customer municipal bond vehicles (TOB trusts)   The Firm  may provide various services to Customer TOB trusts, including remarketing agent, liquidity or tender option provider. In certain Customer TOB transactions,  the Firm,  as liquidity provider, has entered into a reimbursement agreement with the Residual holder. In those transactions, upon the termination of the vehicle,  the Firm  has recourse to the third party Residual holders for any shortfall.  The Firm  does not have any intent to protect Residual holders from potential losses on any of the underlying municipal bonds.  The Firm  does not consolidate Customer TOB trusts, since  the Firm  does not have the power to make decisions that significantly impact the economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle.  The Firm’s  maximum exposure as a liquidity provider to Customer TOB trusts at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 , was  $5.3 billion  and  $5.0 billion ,  respectively. The fair value of assets held by such VIEs at   December 31, 2017  and  2016  was  $9.2 billion  and  $8.9 billion ,  respectively.  For more information on off-balance sheet lending-related commitments, see Note 27.   Loan securitizations The Firm  has securitized and sold a variety of loans, including residential mortgage, credit card, student and commercial (primarily related to real estate) loans, as well as debt securities. The purposes of these securitization transactions were to satisfy investor demand and to generate liquidity for  the Firm. For loan securitizations in which  the Firm  is not required to consolidate the trust,  the Firm  records the transfer of the loan receivable to the trust as a sale when all of the following accounting criteria for a sale are met: (1) the transferred financial assets are legally isolated from  the Firm’s  creditors; (2) the transferee or beneficial interest holder can pledge or exchange the transferred financial assets; and (3)  the Firm  does not maintain effective control over the transferred financial assets (e.g.,  the Firm  cannot repurchase the transferred assets before their maturity and it does not have the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return the transferred assets). For loan securitizations accounted for as a sale,  the Firm  recognizes a gain or loss based on the difference between the value of proceeds received (including cash, beneficial interests, or servicing assets received) and the carrying value of the assets sold. Gains and losses on securitizations are reported in noninterest revenue. Securitization activity The following table provides information related to  the Firm’s  securitization activities for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  related to assets held in  Firm -sponsored securitization entities that were not consolidated by  the Firm,  and where sale accounting was achieved at the time of the securitization.   2017   2016   2015 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except rates) Residential mortgage (d) Commercial and other (e)   Residential mortgage (d) Commercial and other (e)   Residential mortgage (d) Commercial and other (e) Principal securitized $ 5,532 $ 10,252   $ 1,817 $ 8,964   $ 3,008 $ 11,933 All cash flows during the period: (a)                 Proceeds received from loan sales as financial instruments (b) $ 5,661 $ 10,340   $ 1,831 $ 9,094   $ 3,022 $ 12,011 Servicing fees collected 525 3   477 3   528 3 Purchases of previously transferred financial assets (or the underlying collateral) (c) 1 —   37 —   3 — Cash flows received on interests 463 918   482 1,441   407 597 (a) Excludes re-securitization transactions. (b) Predominantly includes Level 2 assets. (c) Includes cash paid by the Firm to reacquire assets from off–balance sheet, nonconsolidated entities – for example, loan repurchases due to representation and warranties and servicer “clean-up” calls. (d) Includes prime/Alt-A, subprime, and option ARMs. Excludes certain loan securitization transactions entered into with Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. (e) Includes commercial mortgage and other consumer loans. Key assumptions used to value retained interests originated during the year are shown in the table below.   Year ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Residential mortgage retained interest: Weighted-average life (in years)   4.8   4.5   4.2 Weighted-average discount rate   2.9 %   4.2 %   2.9 % Commercial mortgage retained interest:     Weighted-average life (in years)   7.1   6.2   6.2 Weighted-average discount rate   4.4 %   5.8 %   4.1 % 242   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Loans and excess MSRs sold to U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, loans in securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines, and other third-party-sponsored securitization entities In addition to the amounts reported in the securitization activity tables above,  the Firm,  in the normal course of business, sells originated and purchased mortgage loans and certain originated excess MSRs on a nonrecourse basis, predominantly to U.S. government sponsored enterprises (“U.S. GSEs”). These loans and excess MSRs are sold primarily for the purpose of securitization by the U.S. GSEs, who provide certain guarantee provisions (e.g., credit enhancement of the loans).  The Firm  also sells loans into securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines; these loans are typically insured or guaranteed by another U.S. government agency.  The Firm  does not consolidate the securitization vehicles underlying these transactions as it is not the primary beneficiary. For a limited number of loan sales,  the Firm  is obligated to share a portion of the credit risk associated with the sold loans with the purchaser. See Note   27   for additional information about  the Firm’s  loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications. See Note   15   for additional information about the impact of  the Firm’s  sale of certain excess MSRs. The following table summarizes the activities related to loans sold to the U.S. GSEs, loans in securitization transactions pursuant to Ginnie Mae guidelines, and other third-party-sponsored securitization entities. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Carrying value of loans sold $ 64,542 $ 52,869 $ 42,161 Proceeds received from loan sales as cash $ 117 $ 592 $ 313 Proceeds from loans sales as securities (a) 63,542 51,852 41,615 Total proceeds received from loan sales (b) $ 63,659 $ 52,444 $ 41,928 Gains on loan sales (c)(d) $ 163 $ 222 $ 299 (a) Predominantly includes securities from U.S. GSEs and Ginnie Mae that are generally sold shortly after receipt.   (b) Excludes the value of MSRs retained upon the sale of loans.  (c) Gains on loan sales include the value of MSRs. (d) The carrying value of the loans accounted for at fair value approximated the proceeds received upon loan sale. Options to repurchase delinquent loans In addition to  the Firm’s  obligation to repurchase certain loans due to material breaches of representations and warranties as discussed in Note   27 , the Firm  also has the option to repurchase delinquent loans that it services for Ginnie Mae loan pools, as well as for other U.S. government agencies under certain arrangements.  The Firm  typically elects to repurchase delinquent loans from Ginnie Mae loan pools as it continues to service them and/or manage the foreclosure process in accordance with the applicable requirements, and such loans continue to be insured or guaranteed. When  the Firm’s  repurchase option becomes exercisable, such loans must be reported on the Consolidated balance sheets as a loan with a corresponding liability. The following table presents loans the Firm repurchased or had an option to repurchase, real estate owned, and foreclosed government-guaranteed residential mortgage loans recognized on the Firm’s Consolidated balance sheets as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . Substantially all of these loans and real estate are insured or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies. For additional information, refer to Note  12 . December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 Loans repurchased or option to repurchase (a) $ 8,629 $ 9,556 Real estate owned 95 142 Foreclosed government-guaranteed residential mortgage loans (b) 527 1,007 (a) Predominantly all of these amounts relate to loans that have been repurchased from Ginnie Mae loan pools. (b) Relates to voluntary repurchases of loans, which are included in accrued interest and accounts receivable. Loan delinquencies and liquidation losses   The table below includes information about components of nonconsolidated securitized financial assets held in  Firm -sponsored private-label securitization entities, in which  the Firm  has continuing involvement, and delinquencies as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .   Securitized assets   90 days past due   Liquidation losses As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016   2017 2016   2017 2016 Securitized loans                 Residential mortgage:                 Prime/ Alt-A & option ARMs $ 52,280 $ 57,543   $ 4,870 $ 6,169   $ 790 $ 1,160 Subprime 17,612 19,903   3,276 4,186   719 1,087 Commercial and other 63,411 71,464   957 1,755   114 643 Total loans securitized $ 133,303 $ 148,910   $ 9,103 $ 12,110   $ 1,623 $ 2,890 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   243 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 15 – Goodwill and Mortgage servicing rights Goodwill Goodwill is recorded upon completion of a business combination as the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the net assets acquired. Subsequent to initial recognition, goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate there may be impairment. The goodwill associated with each business combination is allocated to the related reporting units, which are determined based on how the Firm’s businesses are managed and how they are reviewed by the Firm’s Operating Committee. The following table presents goodwill attributed to the business segments. December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Consumer & Community Banking $ 31,013 $ 30,797 $ 30,769 Corporate & Investment Bank 6,776 6,772 6,772 Commercial Banking 2,860 2,861 2,861 Asset & Wealth Management 6,858 6,858 6,923 Total goodwill $ 47,507 $ 47,288 $ 47,325 The following table presents changes in the carrying amount of goodwill. Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 Balance at beginning of period $ 47,288   $ 47,325   $ 47,647 Changes during the period from:           Business combinations (a) 199   —   28 Dispositions (b) —   (72 )   (160 ) Other (c) 20   35   (190 ) Balance at December 31, $ 47,507   $ 47,288   $ 47,325 (a) For 2017, represents CCB goodwill in connection with an acquisition.  (b) For 2016, represents AWM goodwill, which was disposed of as part of an AWM sales transaction. For 2015 includes  $101 million  of Private Equity goodwill, which was disposed of as part of the Private Equity sale. (c) Includes foreign currency translation adjustments and other tax-related adjustments.    Impairment testing The Firm’s goodwill was not impaired at  December 31, 2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 .  The goodwill impairment test is performed in two steps. In the first step, the current fair value of  each reporting unit  is compared with its carrying value, including goodwill and other intangible assets. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, then the  reporting unit’s  goodwill is considered to be not impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, then a second step is performed. In the second step, the implied current fair value of the  reporting unit’s  goodwill is determined by comparing the fair value of  the reporting unit  (as determined in step one) to the fair value of the net assets of  the reporting unit,  as if  the reporting unit were  being acquired in a business combination. The resulting implied current fair value of goodwill is then compared with the carrying value of  the reporting unit’s  goodwill.   If the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds its implied current fair value, then an impairment charge is recognized for the excess. If the carrying value of goodwill is less than its implied current fair value, then no goodwill impairment is recognized.   The Firm uses the reporting units’ allocated capital plus goodwill and other intangible assets capital as a proxy for the carrying values of equity for the reporting units in the goodwill impairment testing. Reporting unit equity is determined on a similar basis as the allocation of capital to the Firm’s lines of business, which takes into consideration the capital the business segment would require if it were operating independently, incorporating sufficient capital to address regulatory capital requirements (including Basel III) and capital levels for similarly rated peers. Proposed line of business equity levels are incorporated into the Firm’s annual budget process, which is reviewed by the Firm’s Board of Directors. Allocated capital is further reviewed on a periodic basis and updated as needed. 244   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The primary method the Firm uses to estimate the fair value of its reporting units is the income approach. This approach projects cash flows for the forecast period and uses the perpetuity growth method to calculate terminal values. These cash flows and terminal values are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate. Projections of cash flows are based on the reporting units’ earnings forecasts which are reviewed with senior management of the Firm. The discount rate used for each reporting unit represents an estimate of the cost of equity for that reporting unit and is determined considering the Firm’s overall estimated cost of equity (estimated using the Capital Asset Pricing Model), as adjusted for the risk characteristics specific to each reporting unit (for example, for higher levels of risk or uncertainty associated with the business or management’s forecasts and assumptions). To assess the reasonableness of the discount rates used for each reporting unit management compares the discount rate to the estimated cost of equity for publicly traded institutions with similar businesses and risk characteristics. In addition, the weighted average cost of equity (aggregating the various reporting units) is compared with the Firms’ overall estimated cost of equity to ensure reasonableness. The valuations derived from the discounted cash flow analysis are then compared with market-based trading and transaction multiples for relevant competitors. Trading and transaction comparables are used as general indicators to assess the general reasonableness of the estimated fair values, although precise conclusions generally cannot be drawn due to the differences that naturally exist between the Firm’s businesses and competitor institutions. Management also takes into consideration a comparison between the aggregate fair values of the Firm’s reporting units and JPMorgan Chase’s market capitalization. In evaluating this comparison, management considers several factors, including (i) a control premium that would exist in a market transaction, (ii) factors related to the level of execution risk that would exist at the firmwide level that do not exist at the reporting unit level and (iii) short-term market volatility and other factors that do not directly affect the value of individual reporting units. Declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in capital requirements, as well as deterioration in economic or market conditions, estimates of adverse regulatory or legislative changes or increases in the estimated market cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of  the Firm’s reporting units or their  associated goodwill to decline in the future, which could result in a material impairment charge to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill.     Mortgage servicing rights MSRs represent the fair value of expected future cash flows for performing servicing activities for others. The fair value considers estimated future servicing fees and ancillary revenue, offset by estimated costs to service the loans, and generally declines over time as net servicing cash flows are received, effectively amortizing the MSR asset against contractual servicing and ancillary fee income. MSRs are either purchased from third parties or recognized upon sale or securitization of mortgage loans if servicing is retained. As permitted by U.S. GAAP,  the Firm  has elected to account for its MSRs at fair value.  The Firm  treats its MSRs as a single class of servicing assets based on the availability of market inputs used to measure the fair value of its MSR asset and its treatment of MSRs as one aggregate pool for risk management purposes.  The Firm  estimates the fair value of MSRs using an option-adjusted spread (“OAS”) model, which projects MSR cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios in conjunction with  the Firm’s  prepayment model, and then discounts these cash flows at risk-adjusted rates. The model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, costs to service, late charges and other ancillary revenue, and other economic factors.  The Firm  compares fair value estimates and assumptions to observable market data where available, and also considers recent market activity and actual portfolio experience.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   245 Notes to consolidated financial statements The fair value of MSRs is sensitive to changes in interest rates, including their effect on prepayment speeds. MSRs typically decrease in value when interest rates decline because declining interest rates tend to increase prepayments and therefore reduce the expected life of the net servicing cash flows that comprise the MSR asset. Conversely, securities (e.g., mortgage-backed securities), principal-only certificates and certain derivatives (i.e.,    those for which  the Firm  receives fixed-rate interest payments) increase in value when interest rates decline.  JPMorgan Chase  uses combinations of derivatives and securities to manage the risk of changes in the fair value of MSRs. The intent is to offset any interest-rate related changes in the fair value of MSRs with changes in the fair value of the related risk management instruments. The following table summarizes MSR activity for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except where otherwise noted) 2017   2016   2015   Fair value at beginning of period $ 6,096   $ 6,608   $ 7,436   MSR activity:             Originations of MSRs 1,103   679   550   Purchase of MSRs —   —   435   Disposition of MSRs (a) (140 )   (109 )   (486 )   Net additions 963   570   499                 Changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows (797 )   (919 )   (922 )                 Changes in valuation due to inputs and assumptions:             Changes due to market interest rates and other (b) (202 )   (72 )   (160 )   Changes in valuation due to other inputs and assumptions:             Projected cash flows (e.g., cost to service) (102 )   (35 )   (112 )   Discount rates (19 )   7   (10 )   Prepayment model changes and other (c) 91   (63 )   (123 )   Total changes in valuation due to other inputs and assumptions (30 )   (91 )   (245 )   Total changes in valuation due to inputs and assumptions (232 )   (163 )   (405 )   Fair value at December 31, $ 6,030   $ 6,096   $ 6,608   Change in unrealized gains/(losses) included in income related to MSRs held at December 31, $ (232 )   $ (163 )   $ (405 )   Contractual service fees, late fees and other ancillary fees included in income 1,886   2,124   2,533   Third-party mortgage loans serviced at December 31, (in billions) 555.0   593.3   677.0   Servicer advances, net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts, at December 31, (in billions) (d) 4.0   4.7   6.5   (a) Includes excess MSRs transferred to agency-sponsored trusts in exchange for stripped mortgage backed securities (“SMBS”). In each transaction, a portion of the SMBS was acquired by third parties at the transaction date; the Firm acquired the remaining balance of those SMBS as trading securities. (b) Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments. (c) Represents changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates. (d) Represents amounts the Firm pays as the servicer (e.g., scheduled principal and interest, taxes and insurance), which will generally be reimbursed within a short period of time after the advance from future cash flows from the trust or the underlying loans. The Firm’s credit risk associated with these servicer advances is minimal because reimbursement of the advances is typically senior to all cash payments to investors. In addition, the Firm maintains the right to stop payment to investors if the collateral is insufficient to cover the advance. However, certain of these servicer advances may not be recoverable if they were not made in accordance with applicable rules and agreements. 246   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report The following table presents the components of mortgage fees and related income (including the impact of MSR risk management activities) for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015 CCB mortgage fees and related income           Net production revenue $ 636   $ 853   $ 769             Net mortgage servicing revenue:           Operating revenue:           Loan servicing revenue 2,014   2,336   2,776 Changes in MSR asset fair value due to collection/realization of expected cash flows (795 )   (916 )   (917 ) Total operating revenue 1,219   1,420   1,859 Risk management:           Changes in MSR asset fair value    due to market interest rates and other (a) (202 )   (72 )   (160 ) Other changes in MSR asset fair value due to other inputs and assumptions in model (b) (30 )   (91 )   (245 ) Change in derivative fair value and other (10 )   380   288 Total risk management (242 )   217   (117 ) Total net mortgage servicing revenue 977   1,637   1,742             Total CCB mortgage fees and related income 1,613   2,490   2,511             All other 3   1   2 Mortgage fees and related income $ 1,616   $ 2,491   $ 2,513 (a) Represents both the impact of changes in estimated future prepayments due to changes in market interest rates, and the difference between actual and expected prepayments. (b) Represents the aggregate impact of changes in model inputs and assumptions such as projected cash flows (e.g., cost to service), discount rates and changes in prepayments other than those attributable to changes in market interest rates (e.g., changes in prepayments due to changes in home prices).   The table below outlines the key economic assumptions used to determine the fair value of  the Firm’s  MSRs at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  and outlines the sensitivities of those fair values to immediate adverse changes in those assumptions, as defined below. December 31, (in millions, except rates) 2017   2016 Weighted-average prepayment speed assumption (“CPR”) 9.35 %   9.41 % Impact on fair value of 10% adverse change $ (221 )   $ (231 ) Impact on fair value of 20% adverse change (427 )   (445 ) Weighted-average option adjusted spread 9.04 %   8.55 % Impact on fair value of 100 basis points adverse change $ (250 )   $ (248 ) Impact on fair value of 200 basis points adverse change (481 )   (477 ) CPR: Constant prepayment rate. Changes in fair value based on variation in assumptions generally cannot be easily extrapolated, because the relationship of the change in the assumptions to the change in fair value are often highly interrelated and may not be linear. In this table, the effect that a change in a particular assumption may have on the fair value is calculated without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which would either magnify or counteract the impact of the initial change. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   247 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 16 – Premises and equipment Premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.   JPMorgan Chase   computes depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of an asset. For leasehold improvements,  the Firm  uses the straight-line method computed over the lesser of the remaining term of the leased facility or the estimated useful life of the leased asset.   JPMorgan Chase   capitalizes certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software. Once the software is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software’s expected useful life and reviewed for impairment on an ongoing basis.   Note 17 – Deposits At   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits were as follows.   December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016   U.S. offices         Noninterest-bearing $ 393,645   $ 400,831   Interest-bearing (included  $14,947,  and $12,245 at fair value) (a)   793,618   737,949   Total deposits in U.S. offices 1,187,263   1,138,780   Non-U.S. offices         Noninterest-bearing 15,576   14,764   Interest-bearing (included  $6,374  and $1,667 at fair value) (a) 241,143   221,635   Total deposits in non-U.S. offices 256,719   236,399   Total deposits $ 1,443,982   $ 1,375,179   (a) Includes structured notes classified as deposits for which the fair value option has been elected. For further discussion, see Note  3 . At   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  time deposits in denominations of $250,000 or more were as follows.   December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 U.S. offices  $ 30,671 $ 26,180 Non-U.S. offices (a) 29,049 29,652 Total (a) $ 59,720 $ 55,832 (a)  The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. At   December 31, 2017 ,  the maturities of interest-bearing time deposits were as follows.   December 31, 2017 (in millions)               U.S.   Non-U.S.   Total 2018   $ 37,645   $ 27,621   $ 65,266 2019   3,487   349   3,836 2020   2,332   22   2,354 2021   4,275   26   4,301 2022   2,297   443   2,740 After 5 years   3,391   1,697   5,088 Total   $ 53,427   $ 30,158   $ 83,585   Note 18 – Accounts payable and other liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities consist of brokerage payables, which includes payables to customers, dealers and clearing organizations, and payables from security purchases that did not settle; accrued expenses, including   income tax payables and credit card rewards liability; and all other liabilities, including obligations to return securities received as collateral and litigation reserves. The following table details the components of accounts payable and other liabilities. December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016 Brokerage payables   $ 102,727   $ 109,842 Other payables and liabilities (a)   86,656   80,701 Total accounts payable and other liabilities   $ 189,383   $ 190,543 (a) Includes credit card rewards liability of  $4.9 billion  and  $3.8 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. 248   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 19 – Long-term debt JPMorgan Chase  issues long-term debt denominated in various currencies, predominantly U.S. dollars, with both fixed and variable interest rates. Included in senior and subordinated debt below are various equity-linked or other indexed instruments, which  the Firm  has elected to measure at fair value. Changes in fair value are recorded in principal transactions revenue in the Consolidated statements of income, except for unrealized gains/(losses) due to DVA which are recorded in OCI.  The following table is a summary of long-term debt carrying values (including unamortized premiums and discounts, issuance costs, valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, where applicable) by remaining contractual maturity as of   December 31, 2017 . By remaining maturity at December 31, (in millions, except rates)   2017   2016   Under 1 year   1-5 years   After 5 years   Total   Total Parent company                     Senior debt: Fixed rate $ 15,084   $ 53,939   $ 72,528   $ 141,551   $ 128,967   Variable rate 5,547   12,802   8,112   26,461   34,766   Interest rates (a) 0.38-7.25%   0.16-6.30%   0.45-6.40%   0.16-7.25%   0.09-7.25% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ —   $ 149   $ 14,497   $ 14,646   $ 16,811   Variable rate —   —   9   9   1,245   Interest rates (a) — %   8.53%   3.38-8.00%   3.38-8.53%   0.82-8.53%   Subtotal $ 20,631   $ 66,890   $ 95,146   $ 182,667   $ 181,789 Subsidiaries                     Federal Home Loan Banks advances: Fixed rate $ 4   $ 34   $ 129   $ 167   $ 179   Variable rate 12,450   37,000   11,000   60,450   79,340   Interest rates (a) 1.58-1.75%   1.46-2.00%   1.18-1.47%   1.18-2.00%   0.41-1.21% Senior debt: Fixed rate $ 1,122   $ 3,970   $ 6,898   $ 11,990   $ 8,329   Variable rate 8,967   13,287   3,964   26,218   19,379   Interest rates (a) 0.22-7.50%   1.65-7.50%   1.00-7.50%   0.22-7.50%   0.00-7.50% Subordinated debt: Fixed rate $ —   $ —   $ 313   $ 313   $ 3,884   Variable rate —   —     —   —   Interest rates (a) — %   — %   8.25%   8.25%   6.00-8.25%   Subtotal $ 22,543   $ 54,291   $ 22,304   $ 99,138   $ 111,111 Junior subordinated debt  (b) : Fixed rate $ —   $ —   $ 690   $ 690   $ 706   Variable rate —   —   1,585   1,585   1,639   Interest rates (a) — %   — %   1.88-8.75%   1.88-8.75%   1.39-8.75%   Subtotal $ —   $ —   $ 2,275   $ 2,275   $ 2,345 Total long-term debt (c)(d)(e)   $ 43,174   $ 121,181   $ 119,725   $ 284,080 (g)(h)   $ 295,245 Long-term beneficial interests:                     Fixed rate $ 5,927   $ 7,652   $ —   $ 13,579   $ 18,678   Variable rate 3,399   4,472   321   8,192   14,681   Interest rates 1.10-2.50%   1.27-6.54%   0.00-3.75%   0.00-6.54%   0.39-7.87% Total long-term beneficial interests (f)   $ 9,326   $ 12,124   $ 321   $ 21,771   $ 33,359 (a) The interest rates shown are the range of contractual rates in effect at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, including non-U.S. dollar fixed- and variable-rate issuances, which excludes the effects of the associated derivative instruments used in hedge accounting relationships, if applicable. The use of these derivative instruments modifies the Firm’s exposure to the contractual interest rates disclosed in the table above. Including the effects of the hedge accounting derivatives, the range of modified rates in effect at  December 31, 2017 , for total long-term debt was  (0.19)%  to  8.88% , versus the contractual range of  0.16%  to  8.75%  presented in the table above. The interest rate ranges shown exclude structured notes accounted for at fair value. (b) As of December 31, 2017, includes  $0.7 billion  of fixed rate junior subordinated debentures issued to an issuer trust and  $1.6 billion  of variable rate junior subordinated debentures distributed pro rata to the holders of the  $1.6 billion  of trust preferred securities which were cancelled on December 18, 2017. (c) Included long-term debt of  $63.5 billion  and  $82.2 billion  secured by assets totaling  $208.4 billion  and  $205.6 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The amount of long-term debt secured by assets does not include amounts related to hybrid instruments.  (d) Included  $47.5 billion  and  $37.7 billion  of long-term debt accounted for at fair value at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively.  (e) Included  $10.3 billion  and  $7.5 billion  of outstanding zero-coupon notes at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The aggregate principal amount of these notes at their respective maturities is  $33.5 billion  and  $25.1 billion , respectively. The aggregate principal amount reflects the contractual principal payment at maturity, which may exceed the contractual principal payment at the Firm’s next call date, if applicable. (f) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs. Also included  $45 million  and  $120 million  accounted for at fair value at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. Excluded short-term commercial paper and other short-term beneficial interests of  $4.3 billion  and  $5.7 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively.  (g) At  December 31, 2017 , long-term debt in the aggregate of  $111.2 billion  was redeemable at the option of JPMorgan Chase, in whole or in part, prior to maturity, based on the terms specified in the respective instruments. (h) The aggregate carrying values of debt that matures in each of the five years subsequent to 2017 is  $43.2 billion  in 2018,  $34.7 billion  in 2019,  $39.3 billion  in 2020,  $33.8 billion  in 2021 and  $13.4 billion  in 2022. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   249 Notes to consolidated financial statements The weighted-average contractual interest rates for total long-term debt excluding structured notes accounted for at fair value were   2.87%  and  2.49%   as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively. In order to modify exposure to interest rate  and currency exchange rate  movements,  JPMorgan Chase  utilizes derivative instruments, primarily interest rate  and cross-currency interest rate  swaps, in conjunction with some of its debt issuances. The use of these instruments modifies  the Firm’s  interest expense on the associated debt. The modified weighted-average interest rates for total long-term debt, including the effects of related derivative instruments, were   2.56%  and  2.01%   as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively.   JPMorgan Chase & Co.  has guaranteed certain  long-term  debt of its subsidiaries, including both long-term debt and structured notes .  These guarantees rank on parity with  the Firm’s other  unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.  The amount of such guaranteed long-term debt and structured notes was  $7.9 billion  and  $3.9 billion   at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively.   The Firm’s  unsecured debt does not contain requirements that would call for an acceleration of payments, maturities or changes in the structure of the existing debt, provide any limitations on future borrowings or require additional collateral, based on unfavorable changes in  the Firm’s  credit ratings, financial ratios ,  earnings  or stock price.   Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures At December 31, 2016, the Firm had outstanding  eight  wholly-owned Delaware statutory business trusts (“issuer trusts”) that had issued trust preferred securities. On December 18, 2017,  seven  of the  eight  issuer trusts were liquidated,  $1.6 billion  of trust preferred and  $56 million  of  common securities originally issued by those trusts were cancelled, and the junior subordinated debentures previously held by each trust issuer were distributed pro rata to the holders of the corresponding series of trust preferred and common securities. Beginning in 2014, the junior subordinated debentures issued to the issuer trusts by the Firm, less the common capital securities of the issuer trusts, began being phased out from inclusion as Tier 1 capital under Basel III and they were fully phased out as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016,  $300 million  and  $1.4 billion , respectively, qualified as Tier 2 capital. The Firm redeemed  $1.6 billion  of trust preferred securities in the year ended December 31, 2016. 250   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 20 – Preferred stock At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  JPMorgan Chase  was authorized to issue  200 million  shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, with a par value of  $1  per share.   In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Firm,  JPMorgan Chase ’s preferred stock then outstanding takes precedence over the Firm’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets. The following is a summary of  JPMorgan Chase ’s non-cumulative preferred stock outstanding as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 .   Shares at December 31, (a)   Carrying value  (in millions) at December 31,    Issue date Contractual rate in effect at December 31, 2017   Earliest redemption date Date at which dividend rate becomes floating Floating annual rate of  three-month LIBOR plus:   2017 2016   2017 2016   Fixed-rate:                         Series O — 125,750   $ — $ 1,258   8/27/2012 N/A   9/1/2017 NA NA Series P 90,000 90,000   900 900   2/5/2013 5.450 %   3/1/2018 NA NA Series T 92,500 92,500   925 925   1/30/2014 6.700   3/1/2019 NA NA Series W 88,000 88,000   880 880   6/23/2014 6.300   9/1/2019 NA NA Series Y 143,000 143,000   1,430 1,430   2/12/2015 6.125   3/1/2020 NA NA Series AA 142,500 142,500   1,425 1,425   6/4/2015 6.100   9/1/2020 NA NA Series BB 115,000 115,000   1,150 1,150   7/29/2015 6.150   9/1/2020 NA NA                                                     Fixed-to-floating-rate:                         Series I 600,000 600,000   6,000 6,000   4/23/2008 7.900 %   4/30/2018 4/30/2018 LIBOR + 3.47% Series Q 150,000 150,000   1,500 1,500   4/23/2013 5.150   5/1/2023 5/1/2023 LIBOR + 3.25 Series R 150,000 150,000   1,500 1,500   7/29/2013 6.000   8/1/2023 8/1/2023 LIBOR + 3.30 Series S 200,000 200,000   2,000 2,000   1/22/2014 6.750   2/1/2024 2/1/2024 LIBOR + 3.78 Series U 100,000 100,000   1,000 1,000   3/10/2014 6.125   4/30/2024 4/30/2024 LIBOR + 3.33 Series V 250,000 250,000   2,500 2,500   6/9/2014 5.000   7/1/2019 7/1/2019 LIBOR + 3.32 Series X 160,000 160,000   1,600 1,600   9/23/2014 6.100   10/1/2024 10/1/2024 LIBOR + 3.33 Series Z 200,000 200,000   2,000 2,000   4/21/2015 5.300   5/1/2020 5/1/2020 LIBOR + 3.80 Series CC 125,750 —   1,258 —   10/20/2017 4.625   11/1/2022 11/1/2022 LIBOR + 2.58 Total preferred stock 2,606,750 2,606,750   $ 26,068 $ 26,068               (a) Represented by depositary shares. Each series of preferred stock has a liquidation value and redemption price per share of  $10,000 , plus accrued but unpaid dividends. Dividends on fixed-rate preferred stock are payable quarterly. Dividends on fixed-to-floating-rate preferred stock are payable semiannually while at a fixed rate, and become payable quarterly after converting to a floating rate. On October 20, 2017, the Firm issued  $1.3 billion  of fixed to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, Series CC, with an initial dividend rate of  4.625% . On December 1, 2017, The Firm redeemed all  $1.3 billion  of its outstanding  5.50%  non-cumulative preferred stock, Series O.   Redemption rights Each series of the Firm’s preferred stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after the earliest redemption date for that series. All outstanding preferred stock series except Series I may also be redeemed following a “capital treatment event,” as described in the terms of each series. Any redemption of the Firm’s preferred stock is subject to non-objection from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”). JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   251 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 21 – Common stock At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  JPMorgan Chase  was authorized to issue  9.0 billion  shares of common stock with a par value of  $1  per share. Common shares issued (newly issued or reissuance from treasury) by  JPMorgan Chase  during the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015  were as follows. Year ended December 31,  (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Total issued – balance at January 1 4,104.9 4,104.9 4,104.9 Treasury – balance at January 1 (543.7 ) (441.4 ) (390.1 ) Repurchase (166.6 ) (140.4 ) (89.8 ) Reissuance:       Employee benefits and compensation plans 24.5 26.0 32.8 Warrant exercise 5.4 11.1 4.7 Employee stock purchase plans 0.8 1.0 1.0 Total reissuance 30.7 38.1 38.5 Total treasury – balance at December 31 (679.6 ) (543.7 ) (441.4 ) Outstanding at December 31 3,425.3 3,561.2 3,663.5 At  December 31, 2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , respectively, the Firm had  15.0 million ,  24.9 million  and  47.4 million  warrants outstanding to purchase shares of common stock (the “Warrants”). The Warrants are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, and they are exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time until  October 28, 2018 . The original warrant exercise price was  $42.42  per share. The number of shares issuable upon the exercise of each warrant and the warrant exercise price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not limited to, the extent to which regular quarterly cash dividends exceed  $0.38  per share. As of  December 31, 2017  the exercise price was  $41.834  and the Warrant share number was  1.01 . On  June 28, 2017 , in conjunction with the Federal Reserve’s release of its 2017 CCAR results, the Firm’s Board of Directors authorized a  $19.4 billion  common equity (i.e., common stock and warrants) repurchase program. As of  December 31, 2017 ,  $9.8 billion  of authorized repurchase capacity remained under the program. This authorization includes shares repurchased to offset issuances under the Firm’s share-based compensation plans.   The following table sets forth the Firm’s repurchases of common equity for the  years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . There were  no  warrants repurchased during the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Total number of shares of common stock repurchased   166.6   140.4   89.8 Aggregate purchase price of common stock repurchases   $ 15,410   $ 9,082   $ 5,616 The Firm may, from time to time, enter into written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to facilitate repurchases in accordance with the common equity repurchase program. A Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan allows the Firm to repurchase its equity during periods when it would not otherwise be repurchasing common equity — for example, during internal trading “blackout periods.” All purchases under a Rule 10b5-1 plan must be made according to a predefined plan established when the Firm is not aware of material nonpublic information. For additional information regarding repurchases of the Firm’s equity securities, see Part II,  Item 5: Market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities, on  page 28 . As of  December 31, 2017 , approximately  120 million  shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under various employee incentive, compensation, option and stock purchase plans, director compensation plans, and the Warrants. 252   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 22 – Earnings per share Earnings per share (“EPS”) is calculated under the two-class method under which all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to each class of common stock and participating securities based on their respective rights to receive dividends.  JPMorgan Chase  grants RSUs to certain employees under its share-based compensation programs, which entitle recipients to receive nonforfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to the dividends paid to holders of common stock; these unvested awards meet the definition of participating securities.  The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted EPS for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Year ended December 31, (in millions,  except per share amounts) 2017 2016 2015 Basic earnings per share       Net income $ 24,441 $ 24,733 $ 24,442 Less: Preferred stock dividends 1,663 1,647 1,515 Net income applicable to common equity 22,778 23,086 22,927 Less: Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities (a) 211 252 276 Net income applicable to common stockholders (a) $ 22,567 $ 22,834 $ 22,651         Total weighted-average basic shares outstanding (a) 3,551.6 3,658.8 3,741.2 Net income per share $ 6.35 $ 6.24 $ 6.05         Diluted earnings per share       Net income applicable to common stockholders (a) $ 22,567 $ 22,834 $ 22,651         Total weighted-average basic shares outstanding (a) 3,551.6 3,658.8 3,741.2 Add: Employee stock options, SARs, warrants and PSUs (a) 25.2 31.2 32.4 Total weighted-average diluted shares outstanding (a)(b) 3,576.8 3,690.0 3,773.6 Net income per share $ 6.31 $ 6.19 $ 6.00 (a) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. The revision had no impact on the Firm’s reported earnings per share. (b) Participating securities were included in the calculation of diluted EPS using the two-class method, as this computation was more dilutive than the calculation using the treasury stock method. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   253 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 23 – Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)  AOCI includes the after-tax change in unrealized gains and losses on investment securities, foreign currency translation adjustments (including the impact of related derivatives), cash flow hedging activities, and net loss and prior service costs/(credit) related to  the Firm’s  defined benefit pension and OPEB plans.     Year ended December 31,  (in millions) Unrealized  gains/(losses)  on investment securities (b)   Translation adjustments, net of hedges   Cash flow hedges   Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans DVA on fair value option elected liabilities Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)     Balance at December 31, 2014   $ 4,773     $ (147 )       $ (95 )       $ (2,342 )     $ —     $ 2,189   Net change   (2,144 )       (15 )       51       111     —     (1,997 )   Balance at December 31, 2015   $ 2,629       $ (162 )       $ (44 )       $ (2,231 )     $ —     $ 192   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (a)   —       —       —       —     154     154   Net change   (1,105 )       (2 )       (56 )       (28 )     (330 )     (1,521 )   Balance at December 31, 2016   $ 1,524       $ (164 )       $ (100 )       $ (2,259 )     $ (176 )     $ (1,175 )   Net change   640       (306 )       176       738     (192 )     1,056   Balance at December 31, 2017   $ 2,164       $ (470 )       $ 76       $ (1,521 )     (368 )     $ (119 ) (a) Effective January 1, 2016, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance related to the recognition and measurement of financial liabilities where the fair value option has been elected. This guidance requires the portion of the total change in fair value caused by changes in the Firm’s own credit risk (DVA) to be presented separately in OCI; previously these amounts were recognized in net income.  (b) Represents the after-tax difference between the fair value and amortized cost of securities accounted for as AFS, including net unamortized unrealized gains and losses related to AFS securities transferred to HTM. The following table presents the pre-tax and after-tax changes in the components of OCI.   2017   2016   2015 Year ended December 31, (in millions) Pre-tax   Tax effect   After-tax   Pre-tax   Tax effect   After-tax   Pre-tax   Tax effect   After-tax Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities:                                   Net unrealized gains/(losses) arising during the period $ 944   $ (346 )   $ 598   $ (1,628 )   $ 611   $ (1,017 )   $ (3,315 )   $ 1,297   $ (2,018 ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains)/losses included in net income (a) 66   (24 )   42   (141 )   53   (88 )   (202 )   76   (126 ) Net change 1,010   (370 )   640   (1,769 )   664   (1,105 )   (3,517 )   1,373   (2,144 ) Translation adjustments (b) :                                   Translation 1,313   (801 )   512   (261 )   99   (162 )   (1,876 )   682   (1,194 ) Hedges (1,294 )   476   (818 )   262   (102 )   160   1,885   (706 )   1,179 Net change 19   (325 )   (306 )   1   (3 )   (2 )   9   (24 )   (15 ) Cash flow hedges:                                   Net unrealized gains/(losses) arising during the period 147   (55 )   92   (450 )   168   (282 )   (97 )   35   (62 ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains)/losses included in net income (c)(d) 134   (50 )   84   360   (134 )   226   180   (67 )   113 Net change 281   (105 )   176   (90 )   34   (56 )   83   (32 )   51 Defined benefit pension and OPEB plans:                                   Net gains/(losses) arising during the period 802   (160 )   642   (366 )   145   (221 )   29   (47 )   (18 ) Reclassification adjustments included in net income (e) :                                   Amortization of net loss 250   (90 )   160   257   (97 )   160   282   (106 )   176 Prior service costs/(credits) (36 )   13   (23 )   (36 )   14   (22 )   (36 )   14   (22 ) Settlement loss/(gain) 2   (1 )   1   4   (1 )   3   —   —   — Foreign exchange and other (54 )   12   (42 )   77   (25 )   52   33   (58 )   (25 ) Net change 964   (226 )   738   (64 )   36   (28 )   308   (197 )   111 DVA on fair value option elected liabilities, net change: $ (303 )   $ 111   $ (192 )   $ (529 )   $ 199   $ (330 )   $ —   $ —   $ — Total other comprehensive income/(loss) $ 1,971   $ (915 )   $ 1,056   $ (2,451 )   $ 930   $ (1,521 )   $ (3,117 )   $ 1,120   $ (1,997 ) (a) The pre-tax amount is reported in securities gains/(losses) in the Consolidated statements of income. (b) Reclassifications of pre-tax realized gains/(losses) on translation adjustments and related hedges are reported in other income/expense in the Consolidated statements of income. The amounts were not material for the periods presented. (c) The pre-tax amounts are primarily recorded in noninterest revenue, net interest income and compensation expense in the Consolidated statements of income. (d) In 2015, the Firm reclassified approximately $ 150 million  of net losses from AOCI to other income because the Firm determined that it is probable that the forecasted interest payment cash flows would not occur. For additional information, see Note  5 . (e) The pre-tax amount is reported in compensation expense in the Consolidated statements of income. 254   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 24 – Income taxes  JPMorgan Chase and its eligible subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. JPMorgan Chase uses the asset and liability method to provide income taxes on all transactions recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. This method requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. Accordingly, a deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference is determined based on the tax rates that the Firm expects to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. JPMorgan Chase’s expense for income taxes includes the current and deferred portions of that expense. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount the Firm expects to realize. Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of  the Firm’s  businesses, and from conducting business and being taxed in a substantial number of jurisdictions, significant judgments and estimates are required to be made. Agreement of tax liabilities between  JPMorgan Chase  and the many tax jurisdictions in which  the Firm  files tax returns may not be finalized for several years. Thus,  the Firm’s  final tax-related assets and liabilities may ultimately be different from those currently reported. Effective tax rate and expense A reconciliation of the applicable statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective tax rate for each of the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  is presented in the following table. Effective tax rate             Year ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Statutory U.S. federal tax rate   35.0  %   35.0  %   35.0  % Increase/(decrease) in tax rate resulting from:             U.S. state and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax benefit   2.2   2.4   1.5 Tax-exempt income   (3.3 )   (3.1 )   (3.3 ) Non-U.S. subsidiary earnings (a)   (3.1 )   (1.7 )   (3.9 ) Business tax credits   (4.2 )   (3.9 )   (3.7 ) Nondeductible legal expense   —   0.3   0.8 Tax audit resolutions   —   —   (5.7 ) Impact of the TCJA   5.4   —   — Other, net   (0.1 )   (0.6 )   (0.3 ) Effective tax rate   31.9  %   28.4  %   20.4  % (a) Predominantly includes earnings of U.K. subsidiaries that were deemed to be reinvested indefinitely through December 31, 2017.   Impact of the TCJA   On December 22, 2017, the TCJA was signed into law.  The Firm’s  effective tax rate increased in 2017 driven by a   $1.9 billion   income tax expense representing the estimated impact of the enactment of the TCJA. The   $1.9 billion   tax expense was predominantly driven by a deemed repatriation of  the Firm’s  unremitted non-U.S. earnings and adjustments to the value of certain tax-oriented investments partially offset by a benefit from the revaluation of  the Firm’s  net deferred tax liability.   The deemed repatriation of  the Firm’s  unremitted non-U.S. earnings is based on the post-1986 earnings and profits of each controlled foreign corporation. The calculation resulted in an estimated income tax expense of   $3.7 billion .   Furthermore, accounting for income taxes requires the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future.  The Firm  remeasured its deferred tax asset and liability balances in  the fourth quarter  of 2017 to the new statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of   21%   as well as any federal benefit associated with state and local deferred income taxes. The remeasurement resulted in an estimated income tax benefit of   $2.1 billion . The deemed repatriation and remeasurement of deferred taxes were calculated based on all available information and published legislative guidance. These amounts are considered to be estimates under SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 as  the Firm  anticipates refinements to both calculations. Anticipated refinements will result from the issuance of future legislative and accounting guidance as well as those in the normal course of business, including true-ups to the tax liability on the tax return as filed and the resolution of tax audits.   Adjustments were also recorded to income tax expense for certain tax-oriented investments. These adjustments were  driven by  changes to affordable housing proportional amortization resulting from the reduction of the federal income tax rate under the TCJA. SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 does not apply to these adjustments.    JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   255 The components of income tax expense/(benefit) included in the Consolidated statements of income were as follows for each of the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 . Income tax expense/(benefit) Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Current income tax expense/(benefit)             U.S. federal   $ 5,718   $ 2,488   $ 3,160 Non-U.S.   2,400   1,760   1,220 U.S. state and local   1,029   904   547 Total current income tax expense/(benefit)   9,147   5,152   4,927 Deferred income tax expense/(benefit)             U.S. federal   2,174   4,364   1,213 Non-U.S.   (144 )   (73 )   (95 ) U.S. state and local   282   360   215 Total deferred income tax       expense/(benefit)   2,312   4,651   1,333 Total income tax expense   $ 11,459   $ 9,803   $ 6,260 Total income tax expense includes   $252 million ,  $55 million  and  $2.4 billion   of tax benefits recorded in   2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , respectively, as a result of tax audit resolutions. Tax effect of items recorded in stockholders’ equity The preceding table does not reflect the tax effect of certain items that are recorded each period directly in  stockholders’  equity . The tax effect of all items recorded directly to stockholders’ equity resulted in a decrease of  $915 million  in  2017 , an increase of  $925 million  in  2016 , and an increase of  $1.5 billion  in  2015 . Effective January 1, 2016, the Firm adopted new accounting guidance related to employee share-based payments. As a result of the adoption of this new guidance, all excess tax benefits (including tax benefits from dividends or dividend equivalents) on share-based payment awards are recognized within income tax expense in the Consolidated statements of income. In prior years these tax benefits were recorded as increases to additional paid-in capital. Results from Non-U.S. earnings The following table presents the U.S. and non-U.S. components of income before income tax expense for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 U.S.   $ 27,103   $ 26,651   $ 23,191 Non-U.S. (a)   8,797   7,885   7,511 Income before income tax expense   $ 35,900   $ 34,536   $ 30,702 (a) For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S.   Prior to December 31, 2017, U.S. federal income taxes had not been provided on the undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, to the extent that such earnings had been reinvested abroad for an indefinite period of time.  The Firm  will no longer maintain the indefinite reinvestment assertion on the undistributed earnings of those non-U.S. subsidiaries in light of the enactment of the TCJA. The U.S. federal and state and local income taxes associated with the undistributed and previously untaxed earnings of those non-U.S. subsidiaries was included in the deemed repatriation charge recorded as of December 31, 2017.     JPMC  will treat any tax it may incur on global intangible low tax income as a period cost to tax expense when the tax is incurred.   Affordable housing tax credits The Firm  recognized   $1.7 billion ,  $1.7 billion  and  $1.6 billion   of tax credits and other tax benefits associated with investments in affordable housing projects within income tax expense for the years   2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  respectively. The amount of amortization of such investments reported in income tax expense under the current period presentation during these years was   $1.7 billion ,  $1.2 billion  and  $1.1 billion ,  respectively. The carrying value of these investments, which are reported in other assets on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets, was   $7.8 billion  and  $8.8 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively. The amount of commitments related to these investments, which are reported in accounts payable and other liabilities on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets, was   $2.4 billion  and  $2.8 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The results are inclusive of any impacts from the TCJA. 256   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Deferred taxes   Deferred income tax expense/(benefit) results from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting purposes versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management’s judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. If a deferred tax asset is determined to be unrealizable, a valuation allowance is established.  The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected in the following table as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 . December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016 Deferred tax assets         Allowance for loan losses   $ 3,395   $ 5,534 Employee benefits   688   2,911 Accrued expenses and other   3,528   6,831 Non-U.S. operations   327   5,368 Tax attribute carryforwards   219   2,155 Gross deferred tax assets   8,157   22,799 Valuation allowance   (46 )   (785 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance   $ 8,111   $ 22,014 Deferred tax liabilities         Depreciation and amortization   $ 2,299   $ 3,294 Mortgage servicing rights, net of hedges   2,757   4,807 Leasing transactions   3,483   4,053 Non-U.S. operations   200   4,572 Other, net   3,502   5,493 Gross deferred tax liabilities   12,241   22,219 Net deferred tax (liabilities)/assets   $ (4,130 )   $ (205 ) JPMorgan Chase has recorded deferred tax assets of  $219 million  at December 31, 2017, in connection with U.S. federal and non-U.S. net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards and state and local capital loss carryforwards. At December 31, 2017, total U.S. federal NOL carryforwards were approximately  $769 million , non-U.S. NOL carryforwards were approximately  $142 million  and state and local capital loss carryforwards were  $660 million . If not utilized, the U.S. federal NOL carryforwards will expire between 2025 and 2036 and the state and local capital loss carryforwards will expire between 2020 and 2021. Certain non-U.S. NOL carryforwards will expire between 2028 and 2034 whereas others have an unlimited carryforward period.  The valuation allowance at December 31, 2017, was due to the state and local capital loss carryforwards and certain non-U.S. NOL carryforwards.   Unrecognized tax benefits At  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  JPMorgan Chase ’s  unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest expense and penalties, were   $4.7 billion ,  $3.5 billion  and  $3.5 billion ,  respectively, of which   $3.5 billion ,  $2.6 billion  and  $2.1 billion ,  respectively, if recognized, would reduce the annual effective tax rate. Included in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits are certain items that would not affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized in the Consolidated statements of income.   These unrecognized items include the tax effect of certain temporary differences, the portion of gross state and local unrecognized tax benefits that would be offset by the benefit from associated U.S. federal income tax deductions, and the portion of gross non-U.S. unrecognized tax benefits that would have offsets in other jurisdictions.   JPMorgan Chase   is presently under audit by a number of taxing authorities, most notably by the Internal Revenue Service as summarized in the Tax examination status table below. As  JPMorgan Chase  is presently under audit by a number of taxing authorities, it is reasonably possible that over the next 12 months the resolution of these examinations may increase or decrease the gross balance of unrecognized tax benefits by as much as   $1.3 billion .  Upon settlement of an audit, the change in the unrecognized tax benefit would result from payment or income statement recognition.   The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 . Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Balance at January 1,   $ 3,450   $ 3,497   $ 4,911 Increases based on tax positions related to the current period   1,355   262   408 Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods   626   583   1,028 Decreases based on tax positions related to prior periods   (350 )   (785 )   (2,646 ) Decreases related to cash settlements with taxing authorities   (334 )   (56 )   (204 ) Decreases related to a lapse of applicable statute of limitations   —   (51 )   — Balance at December 31,   $ 4,747   $ 3,450   $ 3,497 After-tax interest expense/(benefit) and penalties related to income tax liabilities recognized in income tax expense were   $102 million ,  $86 million  and  $(156) million  in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  in addition to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits,  the Firm  had accrued   $639 million  and  $687 million ,  respectively, for income tax-related interest and penalties.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   257 Tax examination status JPMorgan Chase   is continually under examination by the Internal Revenue Service, by taxing authorities throughout the world, and by many state and local jurisdictions throughout the U.S. The following table summarizes the status of significant income tax examinations of  JPMorgan Chase  and its consolidated subsidiaries as of   December 31, 2017 . December 31, 2017   Periods under examination   Status JPMorgan Chase – U.S.   2003 – 2005   At Appellate level JPMorgan Chase – U.S.   2006 – 2010   Field examination of amended returns; certain matters at Appellate level JPMorgan Chase – U.S.   2011 – 2013   Field Examination JPMorgan Chase – California   2011 – 2012   Field Examination JPMorgan Chase – U.K.   2006 – 2015   Field examination of certain select entities Note 25 – Restrictions on cash and  intercompany funds transfers The business of  JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ”)  is subject to examination and regulation by the OCC.  The Bank  is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, and its deposits in the U.S. are insured by the FDIC, subject to applicable limits. The Federal Reserve requires depository institutions to maintain cash reserves with a Federal Reserve Bank. The average required amount of reserve balances deposited by  the Firm’s bank subsidiaries with various Federal Reserve Banks was approximately  $24.9 billion  and  $19.3 billion  in  2017  and  2016 , respectively. Restrictions imposed by U.S. federal law prohibit   JPMorgan Chase  & Co. (“Parent Company”)  and certain of its affiliates from borrowing from   banking subsidiaries unless the loans are secured in specified amounts. Such secured loans  provided by any banking subsidiary to the Parent Company or  to any particular affiliate, together with certain other transactions with such affiliate (collectively referred to as “covered transactions”), are generally limited to   10%  of the banking subsidiary’s  total capital, as determined by the risk-based capital guidelines; the aggregate amount of covered transactions between  any banking subsidiary and all of its affiliates is limited to  20%  of the banking subsidiary’s  total capital.   The Parent Company’s two principal subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company (the “IHC”). The IHC holds the stock of substantially all of JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiaries other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries. The IHC also owns other assets and intercompany indebtedness owing to the holding company. The Parent Company is obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds received from securities issuances (including issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common stock). The principal sources of income and funding for the Parent Company are dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and extensions of credit from the IHC. In addition to dividend restrictions set forth in statutes and regulations,  the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the FDIC  have authority under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including   JPMorgan Chase  and its subsidiaries that are banks or bank holding companies,  if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization.  The IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the Parent Company if certain capital or liquidity “thresholds” are breached or if limits are otherwise imposed by JPMorgan Chase’s management or Board of Directors. At   January 1, 2018 ,  JPMorgan Chase ’s banking subsidiaries  could pay, in the aggregate, approximately   $17 billion   in dividends to  their respective bank holding companies  without the prior approval of  their  relevant banking regulators. The capacity to pay dividends in   2018   will be supplemented by  the banking subsidiaries’  earnings during the year. In compliance with rules and regulations established by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, as of  December 31, 2017 and 2016,  cash in the amount of   $16.8 billion  and  $13.4 billion , respectively, were segregated in special bank accounts for the benefit of securities and futures brokerage customers. Also, as of  December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Firm had:  • Receivables  and securities of  $18.0 billion  and  $18.2 billion , respectively, consisting of cash  and securities  pledged with clearing organizations for the benefit of customers.   • Securities with a fair value of  $3.5 billion  and  $19.3 billion , respectively, were also restricted in relation to customer activity.  In addition, as of  December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Firm  had other restricted cash of   $3.3 billion  and  $3.6 billion ,  respectively, primarily representing cash reserves held at non-U.S. central banks and held for other general purposes.   258   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 26 – Regulatory capital The Federal Reserve establishes capital requirements, including well-capitalized standards, for the consolidated financial holding company. The OCC establishes similar minimum capital requirements and standards for the Firm’s IDI, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Chase Bank USA, N.A. Capital rules under Basel III establish minimum capital ratios and overall capital adequacy standards for large and internationally active U.S. bank holding companies and banks, including the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries. Basel III  set forth two comprehensive approaches for calculating  RWA:  a standardized approach (“Basel III Standardized”) and an advanced approach (“Basel III Advanced”). Certain of the requirements of Basel III are subject to phase-in periods that began on January 1, 2014 and continue through the end of 2018 (“transitional period”).   The three categories of risk-based capital and their predominant components under the Basel III Transitional rules are illustrated below:     The following tables present the regulatory capital, assets and risk-based capital ratios for JPMorgan Chase and its significant IDI subsidiaries under both Basel III Standardized Transitional and Basel III Advanced Transitional  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 .    JPMorgan Chase & Co.   Basel III Standardized Transitional   Basel III Advanced Transitional (in millions,  except ratios) Dec 31,  2017 Dec 31,  2016   Dec 31,  2017 Dec 31,  2016 Regulatory capital           CET1 capital $ 183,300 $ 182,967   $ 183,300 $ 182,967 Tier 1 capital (a) 208,644 208,112   208,644 208,112 Total capital 238,395 239,553   227,933 228,592             Assets           Risk-weighted 1,499,506 1,483,132 (e)   1,435,825 1,476,915 Adjusted  average (b) 2,514,270 2,484,631   2,514,270 2,484,631             Capital ratios (c)           CET1 12.2 % 12.3 % (e)   12.8 % 12.4 % Tier 1 (a) 13.9 14.0 (e)   14.5 14.1 Total 15.9 16.2 (e)   15.9 15.5 Tier 1 leverage (d) 8.3 8.4   8.3 8.4   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.   Basel III Standardized Transitional   Basel III Advanced Transitional (in millions,  except ratios) Dec 31,  2017 Dec 31,  2016 Dec 31,  2017 Dec 31,  2016 Regulatory capital           CET1 capital $ 184,375 $ 179,319   $ 184,375 $ 179,319 Tier 1 capital (a) 184,375 179,341   184,375 179,341 Total capital 195,839 191,662   189,419 184,637           Assets           Risk-weighted 1,335,809 1,311,240 (e)   1,226,534 1,262,613 Adjusted  average (b) 2,116,031 2,088,851   2,116,031 2,088,851           Capital ratios (c)           CET1 13.8 % 13.7 % (e)   15.0 % 14.2 % Tier 1 (a) 13.8 13.7 (e)   15.0 14.2 Total 14.7 14.6 (e)   15.4 14.6 Tier 1 leverage (d) 8.7 8.6   8.7 8.6 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   259 Notes to consolidated financial statements   Chase Bank USA, N.A.   Basel III Standardized Transitional   Basel III Advanced Transitional (in millions,  except ratios) Dec 31,  2017   Dec 31,  2016   Dec 31,  2017   Dec 31,  2016 Regulatory capital               CET1 capital $ 21,600   $ 16,784   $ 21,600   $ 16,784 Tier 1 capital 21,600   16,784   21,600   16,784 Total capital 27,691   22,862   26,250   21,434                 Assets               Risk-weighted 113,108   112,297   190,523   186,378 Adjusted  average (b) 126,517   120,304   126,517   120,304                 Capital ratios (c)               CET1 19.1 %   14.9 %   11.3 %   9.0 % Tier 1 19.1   14.9   11.3   9.0 Total 24.5   20.4   13.8   11.5 Tier 1 leverage (d) 17.1   14.0   17.1   14.0 (a) Includes the deduction associated with the permissible holdings of covered funds (as defined by the Volcker Rule). The deduction was not material as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . (b) Adjusted average assets, for purposes of calculating the Tier 1 leverage ratio, includes total quarterly average assets adjusted for unrealized gains/(losses) on AFS securities, less deductions for goodwill and other intangible assets, defined benefit pension plan assets, and deferred tax assets related to tax attributes, including NOLs.   (c) For each of the risk-based capital ratios, the capital adequacy of the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries is evaluated against the lower of the two ratios as calculated under Basel III approaches (Standardized or Advanced) as required by the Collins Amendment of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “Collins Floor”)   (d) The Tier 1 leverage ratio is not a risk-based measure of capital. This ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted average assets.   (e) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. Under the risk-based capital   guidelines of the Federal Reserve, JPMorgan Chase is required to maintain minimum ratios of CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital to RWA, as well as a minimum leverage ratio (which is defined as Tier 1 capital divided by adjusted quarterly average assets). Failure to meet these minimum requirements could cause the Federal Reserve to take action. IDI subsidiaries also are subject to these capital requirements by their respective primary regulators .     The following table presents the minimum ratios to which the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries are subject as of   December 31, 2017 .    Minimum capital ratios Well-capitalized ratios    BHC (a)(e) IDI (b)(e) BHC (c)  IDI (d) Capital ratios         CET1 7.50 % 5.75 % — % 6.50 % Tier 1 9.00 7.25 6.00 8.00 Total 11.00 9.25 10.00 10.00 Tier 1 leverage 4.00 4.00 — 5.00 Note: The table above is as defined by the regulations issued by the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC and to which the Firm and its IDI subsidiaries are subject.   (a) Represents the Transitional minimum capital ratios applicable to the Firm under Basel III at  December 31, 2017 . At  December 31, 2017 , the CET1 minimum capital ratio includes  1.25%  resulting from the phase-in of the Firm’s  2.5%  capital conservation buffer, and  1.75%  resulting from the phase-in of the Firm’s  3.5%  GSIB surcharge. (b) Represents requirements for JPMorgan Chase’s IDI subsidiaries. The CET1 minimum capital ratio includes  1.25%  resulting from the phase-in of the  2.5%  capital conservation buffer that is applicable to the IDI subsidiaries. The IDI subsidiaries are not subject to the GSIB surcharge. (c) Represents requirements for bank holding companies pursuant to regulations issued by the Federal Reserve.   (d) Represents requirements for IDI subsidiaries pursuant to regulations issued under the FDIC Improvement Act.   (e) For the period ended December 31, 2016 the CET1, Tier 1, Total and Tier 1 leverage minimum capital ratios applicable to the Firm were  6.25% ,  7.75% ,  9.75%  and  4.0%  and the CET1, Tier 1, Total and Tier 1 leverage minimum capital ratios applicable to the Firm’s IDI subsidiaries were  5.125% ,  6.625% ,  8.625%  and  4.0%  respectively. As of December 31, 2017  and 2016,  JPMorgan Chase and all of its IDI subsidiaries were well-capitalized and met all capital requirements to which each was subject.   260   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 27 – Off–balance sheet lending-related  financial instruments, guarantees, and  other commitments JPMorgan Chase   provides lending-related financial instruments (e.g., commitments and guarantees) to meet the financing needs of its clients or customers. The contractual amount of these financial instruments represents the maximum possible credit risk to  the Firm  should the counterparty draw upon the commitment or  the Firm  be required to fulfill its obligation under the guarantee, and should the counterparty subsequently fail to perform according to the terms of the contract. Most of these commitments and guarantees are refinanced, extended, cancelled, or expire without being drawn or a default occurring. As a result, the total contractual amount of these instruments is not, in  the Firm’s  view, representative of its expected future credit exposure or funding requirements.     To provide for probable credit losses inherent in wholesale and certain consumer lending-commitments, an allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments is maintained.  See Note  13   for further information regarding the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments. The following table summarizes the contractual amounts and carrying values of off-balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 .  The amounts in the table below for credit card and home equity lending-related commitments represent the total available credit for these products.  The Firm  has not experienced, and does not anticipate, that all available lines of credit for these products will be utilized at the same time.  The Firm  can reduce or cancel credit card lines of credit by providing the borrower notice or, in some cases as permitted by law, without notice.   In addition,  the Firm  typically closes credit card lines when the borrower is   60 days   or more past due.  The Firm  may reduce or close HELOCs when there are significant decreases in the value of the underlying property, or when there has been a demonstrable decline in the creditworthiness of the borrower.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   261 Notes to consolidated financial statements Off–balance sheet lending-related financial instruments, guarantees and other commitments     Contractual amount   Carrying value (i)   2017   2016   2017 2016 By remaining maturity at December 31,  (in millions) Expires in 1 year or less Expires after  1 year through  3 years Expires after  3 years through  5 years Expires after 5 years Total   Total       Lending-related                     Consumer, excluding credit card:                     Home equity $ 2,165 $ 1,370 $ 1,379 $ 15,446 $ 20,360   $ 21,714   $ 12 $ 12 Residential mortgage (a)(b)  5,723 — — 13 5,736   10,332   — — Auto 8,007 872 292 84 9,255   8,468   2 2 Consumer & Business Banking (b) 11,642 926 112 522 13,202   12,733   19 12 Total consumer, excluding credit card 27,537 3,168 1,783 16,065 48,553   53,247 (h)   33 26 Credit card 572,831 — — — 572,831   553,891   — — Total consumer (c) 600,368 3,168 1,783 16,065 621,384   607,138 (h)   33 26 Wholesale:                     Other unfunded commitments to extend credit (d) 61,536 118,907 138,289 12,428 331,160   328,497   840 905 Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees (d) 15,278 9,905 7,963 2,080 35,226   35,947   636 586 Other letters of credit (d) 3,459 114 139 — 3,712   3,570   3 2 Total wholesale (e) 80,273 128,926 146,391 14,508 370,098   368,014   1,479 1,493 Total lending-related $ 680,641 $ 132,094 $ 148,174 $ 30,573 $ 991,482   $ 975,152 (h)   $ 1,512 $ 1,519 Other guarantees and commitments                     Securities lending indemnification agreements and guarantees (f) $ 179,490 $ — $ — $ — $ 179,490   $ 137,209   $ — $ — Derivatives qualifying as guarantees 4,529 101 12,479 40,065 57,174   51,966   304 80 Unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements 76,859 — — — 76,859   50,722   — — Unsettled repurchase and securities lending agreements 44,205 — — — 44,205   26,948   — — Loan sale and securitization-related indemnifications:                     Mortgage repurchase liability  NA  NA  NA  NA NA   NA   111 133 Loans sold with recourse  NA  NA  NA  NA 1,169   2,730   38 64 Other guarantees and commitments (g) 7,668 1,084 434 2,681 11,867   5,715   (76 ) (118 ) (a) Includes certain commitments to purchase loans from correspondents. (b) Certain loan portfolios have been reclassified. The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. (c) Predominantly all consumer lending-related commitments are in the U.S. (d) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , reflected the contractual amount net of risk participations totaling  $334 million  and  $328 million , respectively, for other unfunded commitments to extend credit;  $10.4 billion  and  $11.1 billion , respectively, for standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees; and  $405 million  and  $265 million , respectively, for other letters of credit. In regulatory filings with the Federal Reserve these commitments are shown gross of risk participations. (e) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , the U.S. portion of the contractual amount of total wholesale lending-related commitments was  77%  and  79% , respectively. (f) At  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , collateral held by the Firm in support of securities lending indemnification agreements was  $188.7 billion  and  $143.2 billion , respectively. Securities lending collateral consist of primarily cash and securities issued by governments that are members of G7 and U.S. government agencies. (g) At December 31, 2017, primarily includes letters of credit hedged by derivative transactions and managed on a market risk basis, unfunded commitments related to institutional lending and commitments associated with the Firm’s membership in certain clearing houses. Additionally, includes unfunded commitments predominantly related to certain tax-oriented equity investments. (h) The prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.  (i) For lending-related products, the carrying value represents the allowance for lending-related commitments and the guarantee liability; for derivative-related products, the carrying value represents the fair value. 262   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Other unfunded commitments to extend credit   Other unfunded commitments to extend credit generally consist of commitments for working capital and general corporate purposes, extensions of credit to support commercial paper facilities and bond financings in the event that those obligations cannot be remarketed to new investors, as well as committed liquidity facilities to clearing organizations.  The Firm  also issues commitments under multipurpose facilities which could be drawn upon in several forms, including the issuance of a standby letter of credit.   The Firm  acts as a settlement and custody bank in the U.S. tri-party repurchase transaction market. In its role as settlement and custody bank,  the Firm  is exposed to the intra-day credit risk of its cash borrower clients, usually broker-dealers.   This exposure arises under secured clearance advance facilities that  the Firm  extends to its clients (i.e. cash borrowers); these facilities contractually limit  the Firm’s  intra-day credit risk to the facility amount   and must be repaid by the end of the day. As of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  the secured clearance advance facility maximum outstanding commitment amount was   $1.5 billion  and  $2.4 billion , respectively.   Guarantees   U.S. GAAP requires that a guarantor recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability in an amount equal to the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. U.S. GAAP defines a guarantee as a contract that contingently requires the guarantor to pay a guaranteed party based upon: (a) changes in an underlying asset, liability or equity security of the guaranteed party; or (b) a third party’s failure to perform under a specified agreement.  The Firm  considers the following off–balance sheet lending-related arrangements to be guarantees under U.S. GAAP: standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees, securities lending indemnifications, certain indemnification agreements included within third-party contractual arrangements and certain derivative contracts.   As required by U.S. GAAP,  the Firm  initially records guarantees at the inception date fair value of the obligation assumed (e.g., the amount of consideration received or the    net present value of the premium receivable). For certain types of guarantees,  the Firm  records this fair value amount in other liabilities with an offsetting entry recorded in cash (for premiums received), or other assets (for premiums receivable). Any premium receivable recorded in other assets is reduced as cash is received under the contract, and the fair value of the liability recorded at inception is amortized into income as lending and deposit-related fees over the life of the guarantee contract. For indemnifications provided in sales agreements, a portion of the sale proceeds is allocated to the guarantee, which adjusts the gain or loss that would otherwise result from the transaction. For these indemnifications, the initial liability is amortized to income as  the Firm’s  risk is reduced (i.e., over time or when the indemnification expires). Any contingent liability that exists as a result of issuing the guarantee or indemnification is recognized when it becomes probable and reasonably estimable. The contingent portion of the liability is not recognized if the estimated amount is less than the carrying amount of the liability recognized at inception (adjusted for any amortization).  The recorded amounts of the liabilities related to guarantees and indemnifications at   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  excluding the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments, are discussed below.   Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees   Standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees are conditional lending commitments issued by  the Firm  to guarantee the performance of a client or customer to a third party under certain arrangements, such as commercial paper facilities, bond financings, acquisition financings, trade and similar transactions. The carrying values of standby and other letters of credit were   $639 million  and  $588 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively, which were classified in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets; these carrying values included   $195 million  and  $147 million ,  respectively, for the allowance for lending-related commitments, and   $444 million  and  $441 million ,  respectively, for the guarantee liability and corresponding asset.   The following table summarizes the types of facilities under which standby letters of credit and other letters of credit arrangements are outstanding by the ratings profiles of  the Firm’s  clients, as of   December 31, 2017  and  2016 . Standby letters of credit, other financial guarantees and other letters of credit   2017   2016 December 31, (in millions) Standby letters of credit and  other financial guarantees   Other letters  of credit   Standby letters of credit and  other financial guarantees   Other letters  of credit Investment-grade (a)   $ 28,492     $ 2,646     $ 28,245     $ 2,781 Noninvestment-grade (a)   6,734     1,066     7,702     789 Total contractual amount   $ 35,226     $ 3,712     $ 35,947     $ 3,570 Allowance for lending-related commitments   $ 192     $ 3     $ 145     $ 2 Guarantee liability   444     —     441     — Total carrying value   $ 636     $ 3     $ 586     $ 2 Commitments with collateral   $ 17,421     $ 878     $ 19,346     $ 940 (a) The ratings scale is based on the Firm’s internal ratings, which generally correspond to ratings as defined by S&P and Moody’s. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   263 Notes to consolidated financial statements Securities lending indemnifications   Through  the Firm’s  securities lending program, counterparties’ securities, via custodial and non-custodial arrangements, may be lent to third parties. As part of this program,  the Firm  provides an indemnification in the lending agreements which protects the lender against the failure of the borrower to return the lent securities. To minimize its liability under these indemnification agreements,  the Firm  obtains cash or other highly liquid collateral with a market value exceeding   100%   of the value of the securities on loan from the borrower. Collateral is marked to market daily to help assure that collateralization is adequate. Additional collateral is called from the borrower if a shortfall exists, or collateral may be released to the borrower in the event of overcollateralization. If a borrower defaults,  the Firm  would use the collateral held to purchase replacement securities in the market or to credit the lending client or counterparty with the cash equivalent thereof.   Derivatives qualifying as guarantees   The Firm  transacts certain derivative contracts that have the characteristics of a guarantee under U.S. GAAP. These contracts include written put options that require  the Firm  to purchase assets upon exercise by the option holder at a specified price by a specified date in the future.  The Firm  may enter into written put option contracts in order to meet client needs, or for other trading purposes. The terms of written put options are typically five years or less.   Derivatives deemed to be guarantees also includes stable value contracts, commonly referred to as “stable value products”, that require  the Firm  to make a payment of the difference between the market value and the book value of a counterparty’s reference portfolio of assets in the event that market value is less than book value and certain other conditions have been met. Stable value products are transacted in order to allow investors to realize investment returns with less volatility than an unprotected portfolio. These contracts are typically longer-term or may have no stated maturity, but allow  the Firm  to elect to terminate the contract under certain conditions.   The notional value of derivatives guarantees  generally represents  the Firm’s  maximum exposure. However, exposure to certain stable value products is contractually limited to a substantially lower percentage of the notional amount.   The fair value of derivative guarantees reflects the probability, in  the Firm’s  view, of whether  the Firm  will be required to perform under the contract.  The Firm  reduces exposures to these contracts by entering into offsetting transactions, or by entering into contracts that hedge the market risk related to the derivative guarantees.     The following table summarizes the derivatives qualifying as guarantees as of  December 31, 2017 , and  2016 . (in millions) December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 Notional amounts       Derivative guarantees 57,174   51,966 Stable value contracts with contractually limited exposure 29,104   28,665 Maximum exposure of stable value contracts with contractually limited exposure 3,053   3,012         Fair value       Derivative payables 304   96 Derivative receivables —   16 In addition to derivative contracts that meet the characteristics of a guarantee,  the Firm  is both a purchaser and seller of credit protection in the credit derivatives market. For a further discussion of credit derivatives, see  Note 5. Unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements, and unsettled repurchase and securities lending agreements   In the normal course of business,  the Firm  enters into reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing agreements, which are secured financing agreements. Such agreements settle at a future date. At settlement, these commitments result in  the Firm  advancing cash to and receiving securities collateral from the counterparty.  The Firm  also enters into repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements. At settlement, these commitments result in  the Firm  receiving cash from and providing securities collateral to the counterparty.  These agreements generally do not meet the definition of a derivative, and therefore, are not recorded on the Consolidated balance sheets until settlement date. These agreements predominantly consist of agreements with regular-way settlement periods. For a further discussion of securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed, and securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned, see Note   11 . 264   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Loan sales- and securitization-related indemnifications   Mortgage repurchase liability   In connection with  the Firm’s  mortgage loan sale and securitization activities with GSEs, as described in Note  14, the Firm  has made representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements that may require  the Firm  to repurchase mortgage loans and/or indemnify the loan purchaser. Further, although  the Firm’s  securitizations are predominantly nonrecourse,  the Firm  does provide recourse servicing in certain limited cases where it agrees to share credit risk with the owner of the mortgage loans. To the extent that repurchase demands that are received relate to loans that  the Firm  purchased from third parties that remain viable,  the Firm  typically will have the right to seek a recovery of related repurchase losses from the third party. Generally, the maximum amount of future payments  the Firm  would be required to make for breaches of these representations and warranties would be equal to the unpaid principal balance of such loans that are deemed to have defects that were sold to purchasers (including securitization-related SPEs) plus, in certain circumstances, accrued interest on such loans and certain expenses.   Private label securitizations The liability related to repurchase demands associated with private label securitizations is separately evaluated by  the Firm  in establishing its litigation reserves.   For additional information regarding litigation, see Note   29 . Loans sold with recourse   The Firm  provides servicing for mortgages and certain commercial lending products on both a recourse and nonrecourse basis. In nonrecourse servicing, the principal credit risk to  the Firm  is the cost of temporary servicing advances of funds (i.e., normal servicing advances). In recourse servicing, the servicer agrees to share credit risk with the owner of the mortgage loans, such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or a private investor, insurer or guarantor. Losses on recourse servicing predominantly occur when foreclosure sales proceeds of the property underlying a defaulted loan are less than the sum of the outstanding principal balance, plus accrued interest on the loan and the cost of holding and disposing of the underlying property.  The Firm’s  securitizations are predominantly nonrecourse, thereby effectively transferring the risk of future credit losses to the purchaser of the mortgage-backed securities issued by the trust. At   December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  the unpaid principal balance of loans sold with recourse totaled   $1.2 billion  and  $2.7 billion ,  respectively. The carrying value of the related liability that  the Firm  has recorded, which is representative of  the Firm’s  view of the likelihood it will have to perform under its recourse obligations, was   $38 million  and  $64 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively.   Other off-balance sheet arrangements   Indemnification agreements – general   In connection with issuing securities to investors outside the U.S.,  the Firm  may agree to pay additional amounts to the holders of the securities in the event that, due to a change in tax law, certain types of withholding taxes are imposed    on payments on the securities. The terms of the securities may also give  the Firm  the right to redeem the securities if such additional amounts are payable. The enactment of the TCJA will not cause  the Firm  to become obligated to pay any such additional amounts.  The Firm  may also enter into indemnification clauses in connection with the licensing of software to clients (“software licensees”) or when it sells a business or assets to a third party (“third-party purchasers”), pursuant to which it indemnifies software licensees for claims of liability or damages that may occur subsequent to the licensing of the software, or third-party purchasers for losses they may incur due to actions taken by  the Firm  prior to the sale of the business or assets. It is difficult to estimate  the Firm’s  maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements, since this would require an assessment of future changes in tax law and future claims that may be made against  the Firm  that have not yet occurred. However, based on historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote.   Card charge-backs   .    Under the rules of Visa USA, Inc., and MasterCard International, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., is primarily liable for the amount of each processed card sales transaction that is the subject of a dispute between a cardmember and a merchant. If a dispute is resolved in the cardmember’s favor,  Merchant Services  will (through the cardmember’s issuing bank) credit or refund the amount to the cardmember and will charge back the transaction to the merchant. If  Merchant Services  is unable to collect the amount from the merchant,  Merchant Services  will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the cardmember.  Merchant Services  mitigates this risk by withholding future settlements, retaining cash reserve accounts or by obtaining other security. However, in the unlikely event that: (1) a merchant ceases operations and is unable to deliver products, services or a refund; (2)  Merchant Services  does not have sufficient collateral from the merchant to provide cardmember refunds; and (3)  Merchant Services  does not have sufficient financial resources to provide cardmember refunds, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., would recognize the loss.   Merchant Services  incurred aggregate losses of   $28 million ,  $85 million , and  $12 million  on  $1,191.7 billion ,  $1,063.4 billion , and  $949.3 billion   of aggregate volume processed for the years ended   December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 ,  respectively. Incurred losses from merchant charge-backs are charged to other expense, with the offset recorded in a valuation allowance against accrued interest and accounts receivable on the Consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of the valuation allowance was   $7 million  and  $45 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively, which  the Firm  believes, based on historical experience and the collateral held by  Merchant Services of  $141 million  and  $125 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 ,  respectively, is representative of the payment or performance risk to  the Firm  related to charge-backs.   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   265 Notes to consolidated financial statements Clearing Services – Client Credit Risk   The Firm  provides clearing services for clients by entering into securities purchases and sales and derivative transactions with CCPs, including ETDs such as futures and options, as well as OTC-cleared derivative contracts. As a clearing member,  the Firm  stands behind the performance of its clients, collects cash and securities collateral (margin) as well as any settlement amounts due from or to clients, and remits them to the relevant CCP or client in whole or part. There are two types of margin: variation margin is posted on a daily basis based on the value of clients’ derivative contracts and initial margin is posted at inception of a derivative contract, generally on the basis of the potential changes in the variation margin requirement for the contract.   As a clearing member,  the Firm  is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients, but is not liable to clients for the performance of the CCPs. Where possible,  the Firm  seeks to mitigate its risk to the client through the collection of appropriate amounts of margin at inception and throughout the life of the transactions.  The Firm  can also cease providing clearing services if clients do not adhere to their obligations under the clearing agreement. In the event of nonperformance by a client,  the Firm  would close out the client’s positions and access available margin. The CCP would utilize any margin it holds to make itself whole, with any remaining shortfalls required to be paid by  the Firm  as a clearing member.   The Firm  reflects its exposure to nonperformance risk of the client through the recognition of margin receivables from clients and margin payables to CCPs; the clients’ underlying securities or derivative contracts are not reflected in  the Firm’s  Consolidated Financial Statements.   It is difficult to estimate  the Firm’s  maximum possible exposure through its role as a clearing member, as this would require an assessment of transactions that clients may execute in the future. However, based upon historical experience, and the credit risk mitigants available to  the Firm,  management believes it is unlikely that  the Firm  will have to make any material payments under these arrangements and the risk of loss is expected to be remote.   For information on the derivatives that  the Firm  executes for its own account and records in its Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note   5 . Exchange & Clearing House Memberships   The Firm  is a member of several securities and derivative exchanges and clearing houses, both in the U.S. and other countries, and it provides clearing services. Membership in some of these organizations requires  the Firm  to pay a pro rata share of the losses incurred by the organization as a result of the default of another member. Such obligations vary with different organizations. These obligations may be limited to members who dealt with the defaulting member or to the amount (or a multiple of the amount) of  the Firm’s  contribution to the guarantee fund maintained by a clearing house or exchange as part of the resources available to cover any losses in the event of a member default. Alternatively, these obligations may include a pro rata share    of the residual losses after applying the guarantee fund. Additionally, certain clearing houses require  the Firm  as a member to pay a pro rata share of losses that may result from the clearing house’s investment of guarantee fund contributions and initial margin, unrelated to and independent of the default of another member. Generally a payment would only be required should such losses exceed the resources of the clearing house or exchange that are contractually required to absorb the losses in the first instance. It is difficult to estimate  the Firm’s  maximum possible exposure under these membership agreements, since this would require an assessment of future claims that may be made against  the Firm  that have not yet occurred. However, based on historical experience, management expects the risk of loss to be remote.   Guarantees of subsidiaries  In the normal course of business,   the Parent Company   may provide counterparties with guarantees of certain of the trading and other obligations of its subsidiaries   on a contract-by-contract basis, as negotiated with  the Firm’s  counterparties. The obligations of the subsidiaries are included on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets or are reflected as off-balance sheet commitments; therefore,  the Parent Company  has not recognized a separate liability for these guarantees.  The Firm  believes that the occurrence of any event that would trigger payments by  the Parent Company  under these guarantees is remote.   The Parent Company has guaranteed certain long-term debt and structured notes of its subsidiaries, including JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC (“JPMFC”), a  100% -owned finance subsidiary. All securities issued by JPMFC are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent Company. These guarantees, which rank on a parity with the Firm’s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, are not included in the table on  page 262  of this Note. For additional information, see Note  19 . 266   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 28 – Commitments, pledged assets and  collateral Lease commitments   At   December 31, 2017 , JPMorgan Chase  and its subsidiaries were obligated under a number of noncancelable operating leases for premises and equipment used primarily for banking purposes .  Certain leases contain renewal options or escalation clauses providing for increased rental payments based on maintenance, utility and tax increases, or they require  the Firm  to perform restoration work on leased premises. No lease agreement imposes restrictions on  the Firm’s  ability to pay dividends, engage in debt or equity financing transactions or enter into further lease agreements.   The following table presents required future minimum rental payments under operating leases with noncancelable lease terms that expire after   December 31, 2017 . Year ended December 31, (in millions)   2018 1,526 2019 1,450 2020 1,300 2021 1,029 2022 815 After 2022 3,757 Total minimum payments required 9,877 Less: Sublease rentals under noncancelable subleases (1,034 ) Net minimum payment required $ 8,843 Total rental expense was as follows.   Year ended December 31, (in millions)               2017   2016   2015 Gross rental expense   $ 1,853   $ 1,860   $ 2,015 Sublease rental income   (251 )   (241 )   (411 ) Net rental expense   $ 1,602   $ 1,619   $ 1,604   Pledged assets   The Firm  may pledge financial assets that it owns to maintain potential borrowing capacity with central banks and for other purposes, including to secure borrowings and public deposits, collateralize repurchase and other securities financing agreements, and cover customer short sales. Certain of these pledged assets may be sold or repledged or otherwise used by the secured parties and are identified as financial instruments owned (pledged to various parties) on the Consolidated balance sheets. The following table presents  the Firm’s  pledged assets. December 31, (in billions)   2017   2016 Assets that may be sold or repledged or otherwise used by secured parties   $ 129.6   $ 133.6 Assets that may not be sold or repledged or otherwise used by secured parties   67.9   53.5 Assets pledged at Federal Reserve banks and FHLBs   493.7   441.9 Total assets pledged   $ 691.2   $ 629.0 Total assets pledged do not include assets of consolidated VIEs; these assets are used to settle the liabilities of those entities. See Note   14   for additional information on assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs. For additional information on  the Firm’s  securities financing activities, see Note   11 .  For additional information on the  Firm’s  long-term debt, see Note   19 .  The significant components of  the Firm’s  pledged assets were as follows.   December 31, (in billions) 2017 2016 Securities $ 86.2 $ 101.1 Loans 437.7 374.9 Trading assets and other 167.3 153.0 Total assets pledged $ 691.2 $ 629.0 Collateral     The Firm  accepts financial assets as collateral that it is permitted to sell or repledge, deliver or otherwise use. This collateral is generally obtained under resale agreements, securities borrowing agreements, customer margin loans and derivative agreements .  Collateral is generally used under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements or to cover customer short sales and to collateralize deposits and derivative agreements.   The following table presents the fair value of collateral accepted.   December 31, (in billions) 2017 2016 Collateral permitted to be sold or repledged, delivered, or otherwise used $ 968.8 $ 914.1 Collateral sold, repledged, delivered or otherwise used 775.3 746.6 JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   267 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 29 – Litigation Contingencies  As of  December 31, 2017 , the Firm and its subsidiaries and affiliates are defendants or putative defendants in numerous legal proceedings, including private, civil litigations and regulatory/government investigations. The litigations range from individual actions involving a single plaintiff to class action lawsuits with potentially millions of class members. Investigations involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations. These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudication, arbitration or investigation, and involve each of the Firm’s lines of business and geographies and a wide variety of claims (including common law tort and contract claims and statutory antitrust, securities and consumer protection claims), some of which present novel legal theories. The Firm believes the estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses, in excess of reserves established, for its legal proceedings is from  $0  to approximately  $1.7 billion  at  December 31, 2017 . This estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses was based upon currently available information for those proceedings in which the Firm believes that an estimate of reasonably possible loss can be made. For certain matters, the Firm does not believe that such an estimate can be made, as of that date. The Firm’s estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses involves significant judgment, given the number, variety and varying stages of the proceedings (including the fact that many are in preliminary stages), the existence in many such proceedings of multiple defendants (including the Firm) whose share of liability has yet to be determined, the numerous yet-unresolved issues in many of the proceedings (including issues regarding class certification and the scope of many of the claims) and the attendant uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such proceedings, including where the Firm has made assumptions concerning future rulings by the court or other adjudicator, or about the behavior or incentives of adverse parties or regulatory authorities, and those assumptions prove to be incorrect. In addition, the outcome of a particular proceeding may be a result which the Firm did not take into account in its estimate because the Firm had deemed the likelihood of that outcome to be remote. Accordingly, the Firm’s estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses will change from time to time, and actual losses may vary significantly. Set forth below are descriptions of the Firm’s material legal proceedings. Foreign Exchange Investigations and Litigation.  The Firm previously reported settlements with certain government authorities relating to its foreign exchange (“FX”) sales and trading activities and controls related to those activities. FX-related investigations and inquiries by government authorities, including competition authorities, are ongoing,    and the Firm is cooperating with and working to resolve those matters. In May 2015, the Firm pleaded guilty to a single violation of federal antitrust law. In January 2017, the Firm was sentenced, with judgment entered thereafter. The Department of Labor has granted the Firm a  five -year exemption of disqualification, effective upon expiration of a temporary  one -year exemption previously granted, that allows the Firm and its affiliates to continue to rely on the Qualified Professional Asset Manager exemption under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”). The Firm will need to reapply in due course for a further exemption to cover the remainder of the  ten -year disqualification period. Separately, in February 2017 the South Africa Competition Commission referred its FX investigation of the Firm and other banks to the South Africa Competition Tribunal, which is conducting civil proceedings concerning that matter. The Firm is also  one  of a number of foreign exchange dealers defending a class action filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by U.S.-based plaintiffs, principally alleging violations of federal antitrust laws based on an alleged conspiracy to manipulate foreign exchange rates (the “U.S. class action”). In January 2015, the Firm entered into a settlement agreement in the U.S. class action. Following this settlement, a number of additional putative class actions were filed seeking damages for persons who transacted FX futures and options on futures (the “exchanged-based actions”), consumers who purchased foreign currencies at allegedly inflated rates (the “consumer action”), participants or beneficiaries of qualified ERISA plans (the “ERISA actions”), and purported indirect purchasers of FX instruments (the “indirect purchaser action”). Since then, the Firm has entered into a revised settlement agreement to resolve the consolidated U.S. class action, including the exchange-based actions, and that agreement has been preliminarily approved by the Court. The District Court has dismissed  one  of the ERISA actions, and the plaintiffs have filed an appeal. The consumer action, a second ERISA action and the indirect purchaser action remain pending in the District Court.  General Motors Litigation.  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. participated in, and was the Administrative Agent on behalf of a syndicate of lenders on, a  $1.5 billion  syndicated Term Loan facility (“Term Loan”) for General Motors Corporation (“GM”). In July 2009, in connection with the GM bankruptcy proceedings, the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Motors Liquidation Company (“Creditors Committee”) filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its individual capacity and as Administrative Agent for other lenders on the Term Loan, seeking to hold the underlying lien invalid based on the filing of a UCC-3 termination statement relating to the Term Loan. In January 2015, following several court proceedings, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of the Creditors Committee’s claim and  268   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report remanded the case to the Bankruptcy Court with instructions to enter partial summary judgment for the Creditors Committee as to the termination statement. The proceedings in the Bankruptcy Court continue with respect to, among other things, additional defenses asserted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the value of additional collateral on the Term Loan that was unaffected by the filing of the termination statement at issue. In connection with that additional collateral, a trial in the Bankruptcy Court regarding the value of certain representative assets concluded in May 2017, and a ruling was issued in September 2017. The Bankruptcy Court found that  33  of the  40  representative assets are fixtures and that these fixtures generally should be valued on a “going concern” basis. The Creditors Committee is seeking leave to appeal the Bankruptcy Court’s ruling that the fixtures should be valued on a “going concern” basis rather than on a liquidation basis. In addition, certain Term Loan lenders filed cross-claims in the Bankruptcy Court against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. seeking indemnification and asserting various claims. The parties are engaged in mediation concerning, among other things, the characterization and value of the remaining additional collateral, in light of the Bankruptcy Court’s ruling regarding the representative assets, as well as other issues, including the cross-claims.    Hopper Estate Litigation.  The Firm is a defendant in an action in connection with its role as an independent administrator of an estate. The plaintiffs sought in excess of  $7 million  in compensatory damages, primarily relating to attorneys’ fees incurred by the plaintiffs. After a trial in probate court in Dallas, Texas that ended in September 2017, the jury returned a verdict against the Firm, awarding plaintiffs their full compensatory damages and multiple billions in punitive damages. Notwithstanding the jury verdict, in light of legal limitations on the availability of damages, certain of the plaintiffs moved for entry of judgment in the total amount of approximately  $71 million , including punitive damages, while another plaintiff has not yet moved for judgment. The court has not yet entered a judgment in this matter. The parties are engaged in post-trial briefing.  Interchange Litigation.  A group of merchants and retail associations filed a series of class action complaints alleging that Visa and MasterCard, as well as certain banks, conspired to set the price of credit and debit card interchange fees and enacted respective rules in violation of antitrust laws. The parties settled the cases for a cash payment of  $6.1 billion  to the class plaintiffs (of which the Firm’s share is approximately  20% ) and an amount equal to  ten  basis points of credit card interchange for a period of  8 months  to be measured from a date within  60  days of the end of the opt-out period. The settlement also provided for modifications to each credit card network’s rules, including those that prohibit surcharging credit card transactions. In December 2013, the District Court granted final approval of the settlement.   A number of merchants appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, which, in June 2016, vacated the District Court’s certification of the class action and reversed the approval of the class settlement. In March 2017, the U.S. Supreme Court declined petitions seeking review of the decision of the Court of Appeals. The case has been remanded to the District Court for further proceedings consistent with the appellate decision. In addition, certain merchants have filed individual actions raising similar allegations against Visa and MasterCard, as well as against the Firm and other banks, and those actions are proceeding. LIBOR and Other Benchmark Rate Investigations and Litigation.  JPMorgan Chase has received subpoenas and requests for documents and, in some cases, interviews, from federal and state agencies and entities, including the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) and various state attorneys general, as well as the European Commission (“EC”), the Swiss Competition Commission (“ComCo”) and other regulatory authorities and banking associations around the world relating primarily to the process by which interest rates were submitted to the British Bankers Association (“BBA”) in connection with the setting of the BBA’s London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) for various currencies, principally in 2007 and 2008. Some of the inquiries also relate to similar processes by which information on rates was submitted to the European Banking Federation (“EBF”) in connection with the setting of the EBF’s Euro Interbank Offered Rates (“EURIBOR”) and to the Japanese Bankers’ Association for the setting of Tokyo Interbank Offered Rates (“TIBOR”) during similar time periods, as well as processes for the setting of U.S. dollar ISDAFIX rates and other reference rates in various parts of the world during similar time periods, including through 2012. The Firm continues to cooperate with these ongoing investigations, and is currently engaged in discussions with the CFTC about resolving its U.S. dollar ISDAFIX-related investigation with respect to the Firm. There is no assurance that such discussions will result in a settlement. As previously reported, the Firm has resolved EC inquiries relating to Yen LIBOR and Swiss Franc LIBOR. In December 2016, the Firm resolved ComCo inquiries relating to these same rates. ComCo’s investigation relating to EURIBOR, to which the Firm and other banks are subject, continues. In December 2016, the EC issued a decision against the Firm and other banks finding an infringement of European antitrust rules relating to EURIBOR. The Firm has filed an appeal with the European General Court. In addition, the Firm has been named as a defendant along with other banks in a series of individual and putative class actions filed in various United States District Courts. These actions have been filed, or consolidated for pre-trial purposes, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. In these actions, plaintiffs make varying allegations that in various periods, starting in 2000 or later, defendants either individually or collectively  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   269 Notes to consolidated financial statements manipulated various benchmark rates by submitting rates that were artificially low or high. Plaintiffs allege that they transacted in loans, derivatives or other financial instruments whose values are affected by changes in these rates and assert a variety of claims including antitrust claims seeking treble damages. These matters are in various stages of litigation. The Firm has agreed to settle a putative class action related to Swiss franc LIBOR, and that settlement remains subject to final court approval.    In an action related to EURIBOR, the District Court dismissed all claims except a single antitrust claim and  two  common law claims, and dismissed all defendants except the Firm and Citibank. In actions related to U.S. dollar LIBOR, the District Court dismissed certain claims, including antitrust claims brought by some plaintiffs whom the District Court found did not have standing to assert such claims, and permitted antitrust claims, claims under the Commodity Exchange Act and common law claims to proceed. The plaintiffs whose antitrust claims were dismissed for lack of standing have filed an appeal. In May 2017, plaintiffs in  three  putative class actions moved in the District Court for class certification, and the Firm and other defendants have opposed that motion. In January 2018, the District Court heard oral arguments on the class certification motions and reserved decision. In an action related to the Singapore Interbank Offered Rate and the Singapore Swap Offer Rate, the District Court dismissed without prejudice all claims except a single antitrust claim, and dismissed without prejudice all defendants except the Firm, Bank of America and Citibank. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in September 2017, which the Firm and other defendants have moved to dismiss. The Firm is  one  of the defendants in a number of putative class actions alleging that defendant banks and ICAP conspired to manipulate the U.S. dollar ISDAFIX rates. In April 2016, the Firm settled this litigation, along with certain other banks. Those settlements have been preliminarily approved by the Court. Mortgage-Backed Securities and Repurchase Litigation and Related Regulatory Investigations.  The Firm and affiliates (together, “JPMC”), Bear Stearns and affiliates (together, “Bear Stearns”) and certain Washington Mutual affiliates (together, “Washington Mutual”) have been named as defendants in a number of cases in their various roles in offerings of MBS. The remaining civil cases include  one  investor action and actions for repurchase of mortgage loans. The Firm and certain of its current and former officers and Board members have also been sued in a shareholder derivative action relating to the Firm’s MBS activities, which remains pending.   Issuer Litigation – Individual Purchaser Actions . With the exception of  one  remaining action, the Firm has resolved all of the individual actions brought against JPMC, Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual as MBS issuers (and, in some cases, also as underwriters of their own MBS offerings). Repurchase Litigation . The Firm is defending a few actions brought by trustees and/or securities administrators of various MBS trusts on behalf of purchasers of securities issued by those trusts. These cases generally allege breaches of various representations and warranties regarding securitized loans and seek repurchase of those loans or equivalent monetary relief, as well as indemnification of attorneys’ fees and costs and other remedies. The trustees and/or securities administrators have accepted settlement offers on these MBS transactions, and these settlements are subject to court approval. In addition, the Firm and a group of  21 institutional MBS investors made a binding offer to the trustees of MBS issued by JPMC and Bear Stearns providing for the payment of  $4.5 billion  and the implementation of certain servicing changes by JPMC, to resolve all repurchase and servicing claims that have been asserted or could have been asserted with respect to  330  MBS trusts created between 2005 and 2008. The offer does not resolve claims relating to Washington Mutual MBS. The trustees (or separate and successor trustees) for this group of  330  trusts have accepted the settlement for  319  trusts in whole or in part and excluded from the settlement  16  trusts in whole or in part. The trustees’ acceptance received final approval from the court and the Firm paid the settlement in December 2017.   Additional actions have been filed against third-party trustees that relate to loan repurchase and servicing claims involving trusts sponsored by JPMC, Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. In actions against the Firm involving offerings of MBS issued by the Firm, the Firm has contractual rights to indemnification from sellers of mortgage loans that were securitized in such offerings. However, certain of those indemnity rights may prove effectively unenforceable in various situations, such as where the loan sellers are now defunct. The Firm has entered into agreements with a number of MBS trustees or entities that purchased MBS that toll applicable statute of limitations periods with respect to their claims, and has settled, and in the future may settle, tolled claims. There is no assurance that the Firm will not be named as a defendant in additional MBS-related litigation. Derivative Action . A shareholder derivative action against the Firm, as nominal defendant, and certain of its current and former officers and members of its Board of Directors relating to the Firm’s MBS activities was filed in California federal court in 2013. In June 2017, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss the cause of action that alleged material misrepresentations and omissions in the  270   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Firm’s proxy statement, found that the court did not have personal jurisdiction over the individual defendants with respect to the remaining causes of action, and transferred that remaining portion of the case to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York without ruling on the merits. The motion by the defendants to dismiss is pending. Municipal Derivatives Litigation.  Several civil actions were commenced in New York and Alabama courts against the Firm relating to certain Jefferson County, Alabama (the “County”) warrant underwritings and swap transactions. The claims in the civil actions generally alleged that the Firm made payments to certain third parties in exchange for being chosen to underwrite more than  $3.0 billion  in warrants issued by the County and to act as the counterparty for certain swaps executed by the County. The County filed for bankruptcy in November 2011. In June 2013, the County filed a Chapter 9 Plan of Adjustment, as amended (the “Plan of Adjustment”), which provided that all the above-described actions against the Firm would be released and dismissed with prejudice. In November 2013, the Bankruptcy Court confirmed the Plan of Adjustment, and in December 2013, certain sewer rate payers filed an appeal challenging the confirmation of the Plan of Adjustment. All conditions to the Plan of Adjustment’s effectiveness, including the dismissal of the actions against the Firm, were satisfied or waived and the transactions contemplated by the Plan of Adjustment occurred in December 2013. Accordingly, all the above-described actions against the Firm have been dismissed pursuant to the terms of the Plan of Adjustment. The appeal of the Bankruptcy Court’s order confirming the Plan of Adjustment remains pending. Petters Bankruptcy and Related Matters.  JPMorgan Chase and certain of its affiliates, including One Equity Partners (“OEP”), were named as defendants in several actions filed in connection with the receivership and bankruptcy proceedings pertaining to Thomas J. Petters and certain affiliated entities (collectively, “Petters”) and the Polaroid Corporation. The principal actions against JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates were brought by a court-appointed receiver for Petters and the trustees in bankruptcy proceedings for  three  Petters entities. These actions generally sought to avoid certain putative transfers in connection with (i) the 2005 acquisition by Petters of Polaroid, which at the time was majority-owned by OEP; (ii)  two  credit facilities that JPMorgan Chase and other financial institutions entered into with Polaroid; and (iii) a credit line and investment accounts held by Petters. In January 2017, the Court substantially denied the defendants’ motion to dismiss an amended complaint filed by the plaintiffs. In October 2017, JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigation brought by the Petters bankruptcy trustees, or their successors, and the receiver for Thomas J. Petters. The settlement is subject to final documentation and Court approval.     Wendel.  Since 2012, the French criminal authorities have been investigating a series of transactions entered into by senior managers of Wendel Investissement (“Wendel”) during the period from 2004 through 2007 to restructure their shareholdings in Wendel. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Paris branch provided financing for the transactions to a number of managers of Wendel in 2007. JPMorgan Chase has cooperated with the investigation. The investigating judges issued an  ordonnance de renvoi  in November 2016, referring JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the French  tribunal correctionnel  for alleged complicity in tax fraud. No date for trial has been set by the court. The Firm has been successful in legal challenges made to the Court of Cassation, France’s highest court, with respect to the criminal proceedings. In January 2018, the Paris Court of Appeal issued a decision cancelling the  mise en examen  of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The Firm is requesting clarification from the Court of Cassation concerning the Court of Appeal’s decision before seeking direction on next steps in the criminal proceedings .  In addition, a number of the managers have commenced civil proceedings against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The claims are separate, involve different allegations and are at various stages of proceedings. *     *     * In addition to the various legal proceedings discussed above, JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries are named as defendants or are otherwise involved in a substantial number of other legal proceedings. The Firm believes it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted against it in its currently outstanding legal proceedings and it intends to defend itself vigorously. Additional legal proceedings may be initiated from time to time in the future. The Firm has established reserves for several hundred of its currently outstanding legal proceedings. In accordance with the provisions of U.S. GAAP for contingencies, the Firm accrues for a litigation-related liability when it is probable that such a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Firm evaluates its outstanding legal proceedings each quarter to assess its litigation reserves, and makes adjustments in such reserves, upwards or downward, as appropriate, based on management’s best judgment after consultation with counsel. During the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , the Firm’s legal expense was a benefit of  $(35) million , a benefit of  $(317) million , and an expense of  $3.0 billion , respectively. There is no assurance that the Firm’s litigation reserves will not need to be adjusted in the future.  In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal proceedings, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the matters present novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in early stages of discovery, the Firm cannot state with confidence what will be the eventual outcomes of the currently pending matters, the timing of their ultimate resolution or the eventual losses, fines, penalties or  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   271 Notes to consolidated financial statements consequences related to those matters. JPMorgan Chase believes, based upon its current knowledge, after consultation with counsel and after taking into account its current litigation reserves, that the legal proceedings currently pending against it should not have a material adverse effect on the Firm’s consolidated financial condition. The Firm notes, however, that in light of the uncertainties involved in such proceedings, there is no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves it has currently accrued or that a matter will not have material reputational consequences. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to JPMorgan Chase’s operating results for a particular period, depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of JPMorgan Chase’s income for that period.  272   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Note 30 – International operations The following table presents income statement- and balance sheet-related information for JPMorgan Chase by major international geographic area. The Firm defines international activities for purposes of this footnote presentation as business transactions that involve clients residing outside of the U.S., and the information presented below is based predominantly on the domicile of the client, the location from which the client relationship is managed, or the location of the trading desk. However, many of the Firm’s U.S. operations serve international businesses.   As the Firm’s operations are highly integrated, estimates and subjective assumptions have been made to apportion revenue and expense between U.S. and international operations. These estimates and assumptions are consistent with the allocations used for the Firm’s segment reporting as set forth in Note  31 . The Firm’s long-lived assets for the periods presented are not considered by management to be significant in relation to total assets. The majority of the Firm’s long-lived assets are located in the U.S. As of or for the year ended December 31,  (in millions)   Revenue (b)   Expense (c)   Income before income tax  expense   Net income   Total assets   2017                       Europe/Middle East/Africa   $ 14,426   $ 8,653   $ 5,773   $ 4,007   $ 407,145 (d)   Asia/Pacific   5,805   4,277   1,528   852   163,718   Latin America/Caribbean   1,994   1,523   471   299   44,569   Total international   22,225   14,453   7,772   5,158   615,432   North America (a)   77,399   49,271   28,128   19,283   1,918,168   Total   $ 99,624   $ 63,724   $ 35,900   $ 24,441   $ 2,533,600   2016                       Europe/Middle East/Africa   $ 13,842   $ 8,550   $ 5,292   $ 3,783   $ 394,134 (d)   Asia/Pacific   6,112   4,213   1,899   1,212   156,946   Latin America/Caribbean   1,959   1,632   327   208   42,971   Total international   21,913   14,395   7,518   5,203   594,051   North America (a)   73,755   46,737   27,018   19,530   1,896,921   Total   $ 95,668   $ 61,132   $ 34,536   $ 24,733   $ 2,490,972   2015                       Europe/Middle East/Africa   $ 14,206   $ 8,871   $ 5,335   $ 4,158   $ 347,647 (d)   Asia/Pacific   6,151   4,241   1,910   1,285   138,747   Latin America/Caribbean   1,923   1,508   415   253   48,185   Total international   22,280   14,620   7,660   5,696   534,579   North America (a)   71,263   48,221   23,042   18,746   1,817,119   Total   $ 93,543   $ 62,841   $ 30,702   $ 24,442   $ 2,351,698   (a) Substantially reflects the U.S. (b) Revenue is composed of net interest income and noninterest revenue. (c) Expense is composed of noninterest expense and the provision for credit losses. (d) Total assets for the U.K. were approximately  $310 billion ,  $310 billion , and  $306 billion  at  December 31, 2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   273 Notes to consolidated financial statements Note 31 – Business segments The Firm is managed on a line of business basis. There are  four  major reportable business segments – Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset & Wealth Management. In addition, there is a Corporate segment. The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served, and they reflect the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by management. Results of these lines of business are presented on a managed basis. For a further discussion concerning  JPMorgan Chase ’s business segments, see Segment results of this footnote. The following is a description of each of the Firm’s business segments, and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases. Consumer & Community Banking  CCB offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, ATMs, online, mobile and telephone banking. CCB is organized into Consumer & Business Banking (including Consumer Banking/Chase Wealth Management and Business Banking), Home Lending (including Home Lending Production, Home Lending Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card, Merchant Services & Auto. Consumer & Business Banking offers deposit and investment products and services to consumers, and lending, deposit, and cash management and payment solutions to small businesses. Home Lending includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consisting of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card, Merchant Services & Auto issues credit cards to consumers and small businesses, offers payment processing services to merchants, and originates and services auto loans and leases. Corporate & Investment Bank The CIB, which consists of Banking and Markets & Investor Services, offers a broad suite of investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, and treasury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations, investors, financial institutions, government and municipal entities. Banking offers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-raising in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication. Banking also includes Treasury Services, which provides transaction services, consisting of cash management and liquidity solutions. Markets & Investor Services is a global market-   maker in cash securities and derivative instruments, and also offers sophisticated risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research. Markets & Investor Services also includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund accounting and administration, and securities lending products principally for asset managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds. Commercial Banking CB delivers extensive industry knowledge, local expertise and dedicated service to U.S. and U.S. multinational clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions and nonprofit entities with annual revenue generally ranging from  $20 million  to  $2 billion . In addition, CB provides financing to real estate investors and owners. Partnering with the Firm’s other businesses, CB provides comprehensive financial solutions, including lending, treasury services, investment banking and asset management to meet its clients’ domestic and international financial needs. Asset & Wealth Management AWM, with client assets of  $2.8 trillion , is a global leader in investment and wealth management. AWM clients include institutions, high-net-worth individuals and retail investors in many major markets throughout the world. AWM offers investment management across most major asset classes including equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market funds. AWM also offers multi-asset investment management, providing solutions for a broad range of clients’ investment needs. For Wealth Management clients, AWM also provides retirement products and services, brokerage and banking services including trusts and estates, loans, mortgages and deposits. The majority of AWM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. Corporate The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and CIO and Other Corporate, which includes corporate staff units and expense that is centrally managed. Treasury and CIO are predominantly responsible for measuring, monitoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding and structural interest rate and foreign exchange risks, as well as executing the Firm’s capital plan. The major Other Corporate units include Real Estate, Enterprise Technology, Legal, Compliance, Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Oversight & Control, Corporate Responsibility and various Other Corporate groups. 274   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Segment results  The following tables provide a summary of the Firm’s segment results as of or for the years ended December 31,  2017 ,  2016  and  2015  on a managed basis.   The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts with the reported U.S. GAAP results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue (noninterest revenue and net interest income) for each of the reportable business segments on a FTE basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments receiving tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. This allows management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable and tax-exempt    sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense/(benefit). Effective January 1, 2017, the Firm’s methodology used to allocate capital to the Firm’s business segments was updated. The new methodology incorporates Basel III Standardized Fully Phased-In RWA (as well as Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In RWA), leverage, the GSIB surcharge, and a simulation of capital in a severe stress environment. The methodology will continue to be weighted towards Basel III Advanced Fully Phased-In RWA because the Firm believes it to be the best proxy for economic risk. Segment results and reconciliation As of or for the year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except ratios)   Consumer & Community Banking   Corporate & Investment Bank   Commercial Banking   Asset & Wealth Management   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Noninterest revenue   $ 14,710 $ 15,255 $ 15,592   $ 24,375 $ 24,325 $ 23,693   $ 2,522 $ 2,320 $ 2,365   $ 9,539 $ 9,012 $ 9,563 Net interest income   31,775 29,660 28,228   10,118 10,891 9,849   6,083 5,133 4,520   3,379 3,033 2,556 Total net revenue   46,485 44,915 43,820   34,493 35,216 33,542   8,605 7,453 6,885   12,918 12,045 12,119 Provision for credit losses   5,572 4,494 3,059   (45 ) 563 332   (276 ) 282 442   39 26 4 Noninterest expense   26,062 24,905 24,909   19,243 18,992 21,361   3,327 2,934 2,881   9,301 8,478 8,886 Income/(loss) before income tax expense/(benefit)   14,851 15,516 15,852   15,295 15,661 11,849   5,554 4,237 3,562   3,578 3,541 3,229 Income tax expense/(benefit)   5,456 5,802 6,063   4,482 4,846 3,759   2,015 1,580 1,371   1,241 1,290 1,294 Net income/(loss)   $ 9,395 $ 9,714 $ 9,789   $ 10,813 $ 10,815 $ 8,090   $ 3,539 $ 2,657 $ 2,191   $ 2,337 $ 2,251 $ 1,935 Average equity   $ 51,000 $ 51,000 $ 51,000   $ 70,000 $ 64,000 $ 62,000   $ 20,000 $ 16,000 $ 14,000   $ 9,000 $ 9,000 $ 9,000 Total assets   552,601 535,310 502,652   826,384 803,511 748,691   221,228 214,341 200,700   151,909 138,384 131,451 Return on equity   17 % 18 % 18 %   14 % 16 % 12 %   17 % 16 % 15 %   25 % 24 % 21 % Overhead ratio   56 55 57   56 54 64   39 39 42   72 70 73 (table continued from above)                     As of or for the year ended  December 31,  (in millions, except ratios)   Corporate   Reconciling Items (a)    Total   2017 2016 2015   2017   2016 2015   2017 2016 2015 Noninterest revenue   $ 1,085 $ 938 $ 800   $ (2,704 ) (b)   $ (2,265 ) $ (1,980 )   $ 49,527 $ 49,585 $ 50,033 Net interest income   55 (1,425 ) (533 )   (1,313 )   (1,209 ) (1,110 )   50,097 46,083 43,510 Total net revenue   1,140 (487 ) 267   (4,017 )   (3,474 ) (3,090 )   99,624 95,668 93,543 Provision for credit losses   — (4 ) (10 )   —   — —   5,290 5,361 3,827 Noninterest expense   501 462 977   —   — —   58,434 55,771 59,014 Income/(loss) before income  tax expense/(benefit)   639 (945 ) (700 )   (4,017 )   (3,474 ) (3,090 )   35,900 34,536 30,702 Income tax expense/(benefit)   2,282 (241 ) (3,137 )   (4,017 ) (b)   (3,474 ) (3,090 )   11,459 9,803 6,260 Net income/(loss)   $ (1,643 ) $ (704 ) $ 2,437   $ —   $ — $ —   $ 24,441 $ 24,733 $ 24,442 Average equity   $ 80,350 $ 84,631 $ 79,690   $ —   $ — $ —   $ 230,350 $ 224,631 $ 215,690 Total assets   781,478 799,426 768,204   NA   NA NA   2,533,600 2,490,972 2,351,698 Return on equity   NM NM NM   NM   NM NM   10 % 10 % 11 % Overhead ratio   NM NM NM   NM   NM NM   59 58 63 (a) Segment results on a managed basis reflect revenue on a FTE basis with the corresponding income tax impact recorded within income tax expense/(benefit). These adjustments are eliminated in reconciling items to arrive at the Firm’s reported U.S. GAAP results. (b) Included  $375 million  related to tax-oriented investments as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   275 Note 32 – Parent Company  The following tables present Parent Company-only financial statements. Statements of income and comprehensive income (a) Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Income             Dividends from subsidiaries and affiliates:             Bank and bank holding company   $ 13,000   $ 10,000   $ 10,653 Non-bank (b)   540   3,873   8,172 Interest income from subsidiaries   72   794   443 Other interest income   41   207   234 Other income from subsidiaries, primarily fees:             Bank and bank holding company   1,553   852   1,438 Non-bank   (88 )   1,165   (1,402 ) Other income   (623 )   (846 )   1,773 Total income   14,495   16,045   21,311 Expense             Interest expense to subsidiaries and affiliates (b)   400   105   98 Other interest expense   5,202   4,413   3,720 Noninterest expense   (1,897 )   1,643   2,611 Total expense   3,705   6,161   6,429 Income before income tax benefit and undistributed net income of subsidiaries   10,790   9,884   14,882 Income tax benefit   1,007   876   1,640 Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries   12,644   13,973   7,920 Net income   $ 24,441   $ 24,733   $ 24,442 Other comprehensive income, net   1,056   (1,521 )   (1,997 ) Comprehensive income   $ 25,497   $ 23,212   $ 22,445 Balance sheets (a)         December 31, (in millions)   2017   2016 Assets         Cash and due from banks   $ 163   $ 113 Deposits with banking subsidiaries   5,306   5,450 Trading assets   4,773   10,326 Available-for-sale securities   —   2,694 Loans   —   77 Advances to, and receivables from, subsidiaries:         Bank and bank holding company   2,106   524 Non-bank   82   46 Investments (at equity) in subsidiaries and affiliates:         Bank and bank holding company   451,713   422,028 Non-bank (b)   422   13,103 Other assets   10,458   10,257 Total assets   $ 475,023   $ 464,618 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity         Borrowings from, and payables to, subsidiaries and affiliates (b)   $ 23,426   $ 13,584 Short-term borrowings   3,350   3,831 Other liabilities   8,302   11,224 Long-term debt (c)(d)   184,252   181,789 Total liabilities (d)   219,330   210,428 Total stockholders’ equity   255,693   254,190 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 475,023   $ 464,618   Statements of cash flows (a)     Year ended December 31,  (in millions)   2017   2016   2015 Operating activities             Net income   $ 24,441   $ 24,733   $ 24,442 Less: Net income of subsidiaries and affiliates (b)   26,185   27,846   26,745 Parent company net loss   (1,744 )   (3,113 )   (2,303 ) Cash dividends from subsidiaries and affiliates (b)   13,540   13,873   17,023 Other operating adjustments   4,635   (18,166 )   2,483 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities   16,431   (7,406 )   17,203 Investing activities             Net change in:             Deposits with banking subsidiaries   144   60,349   30,085 Available-for-sale securities:             Proceeds from paydowns and maturities   —   353   120 Other changes in loans, net   78   1,793   321 Advances to and investments in subsidiaries and affiliates, net   (280 )   (51,967 )   (81 ) All other investing activities, net   17   114   153 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities   (41 )   10,642   30,598 Financing activities             Net change in:             Borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates (b)   13,862   2,957   (4,062 ) Short-term borrowings   (481 )   109   (47,483 ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings   25,855   41,498   42,121 Payments of long-term borrowings   (29,812 )   (29,298 )   (30,077 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock   1,258   —   5,893 Redemption of preferred stock   (1,258 )   —   — Treasury stock repurchased   (15,410 )   (9,082 )   (5,616 ) Dividends paid   (8,993 )   (8,476 )   (7,873 ) All other financing activities, net   (1,361 )   (905 )   (840 ) Net cash used in financing activities   (16,340 )   (3,197 )   (47,937 ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and due from banks   50   39   (137 ) Cash and due from banks at the beginning of the year   113   74   211 Cash and due from banks at the end of the year   $ 163   $ 113   $ 74 Cash interest paid   $ 5,426   $ 4,550   $ 3,873 Cash income taxes paid, net   1,775   1,053   8,251 (a) In 2016, in connection with the Firm’s 2016 Resolution Submission, the Parent Company established the IHC, and contributed substantially all of its direct subsidiaries (totaling  $55.4 billion ) other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as well as most of its other assets (totaling  $160.5 billion ) and intercompany indebtedness to the IHC. Total noncash assets contributed were  $62.3 billion . In 2017, the Parent Company transferred  $16.2 billion  of noncash assets to the IHC to complete the contributions to the IHC.  (b) Affiliates include trusts that issued guaranteed capital debt securities (“issuer trusts”). For further discussion on these issuer trusts, see Note  19 . (c) At  December 31, 2017 , long-term debt that contractually matures in 2018 through 2022 totaled  $20.6 billion ,  $13.3 billion ,  $22.4 billion ,  $20.6 billion  and  $10.5 billion , respectively. (d) For information regarding the Parent Company’s guarantees of its subsidiaries’ obligations, see Notes  19  and  27 . 276   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Supplementary information  Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited) As of or for the period ended 2017     2016 (in millions, except per share, ratio, headcount data and where otherwise noted) 4th quarter 3rd quarter   2nd quarter   1st quarter     4th quarter   3rd quarter 2nd quarter 1st quarter Selected income statement data                           Total net revenue $ 24,153 $ 25,326   $ 25,470   $ 24,675     $ 23,376   $ 24,673 $ 24,380 $ 23,239 Total noninterest expense 14,591 14,318   14,506   15,019     13,833   14,463 13,638 13,837 Pre-provision profit 9,562 11,008   10,964   9,656     9,543   10,210 10,742 9,402 Provision for credit losses 1,308 1,452   1,215   1,315     864   1,271 1,402 1,824 Income before income tax expense 8,254 9,556   9,749   8,341     8,679   8,939 9,340 7,578 Income tax expense 4,022 2,824   2,720   1,893     1,952   2,653 3,140 2,058 Net income (a) $ 4,232 $ 6,732   $ 7,029   $ 6,448     $ 6,727   $ 6,286 $ 6,200 $ 5,520 Per common share data                           Net income:         Basic $ 1.08 $ 1.77   $ 1.83   $ 1.66     $ 1.73   $ 1.60 $ 1.56 $ 1.36   Diluted 1.07 1.76   1.82   1.65     1.71   1.58 1.55 1.35 Average shares:  Basic 3,489.7 3,534.7   3,574.1   3,601.7     3,611.3   3,637.7 3,675.5 3,710.6 Diluted 3,512.2 3,559.6   3,599.0   3,630.4     3,646.6   3,669.8 3,706.2 3,737.6 Market and per common share data                           Market capitalization $ 366,301 $ 331,393   $ 321,633   $ 312,078     $ 307,295   $ 238,277 $ 224,449 $ 216,547 Common shares at period-end 3,425.3 3,469.7   3,519.0   3,552.8     3,561.2   3,578.3 3,612.0 3,656.7 Share price: (b)                           High $ 108.46 $ 95.88   $ 92.65   $ 93.98     $ 87.39   $ 67.90 $ 66.20 $ 64.13 Low 94.96 88.08   81.64   83.03     66.10   58.76 57.05 52.50 Close 106.94 95.51   91.40   87.84     86.29   66.59 62.14 59.22 Book value per share 67.04 66.95   66.05   64.68     64.06   63.79 62.67 61.28 TBVPS (c) 53.56 54.03   53.29   52.04     51.44   51.23 50.21 48.96 Cash dividends declared per share 0.56 0.56   0.50   0.50     0.48   0.48 0.48 0.44 Selected ratios and metrics                           ROE 7 % 11 %   12 %   11 %     11 %   10 % 10 % 9 % ROTCE (c) 8 13   14   13     14   13 13 12 ROA 0.66 1.04   1.10   1.03     1.06   1.01 1.02 0.93 Overhead ratio 60 57   57   61     59   59 56 60 Loans-to-deposits ratio 64 63   63   63     65   65 66 64 HQLA (in billions) (d) $ 560 $ 568   $ 541   $ 528     $ 524   $ 539 $ 516 $ 505 LCR (average) 119 % 120 %   115 %   NA%     NA%   NA% NA% NA% CET1 capital ratio (e) 12.2 12.5 (i)   12.5 (i)   12.4 (i)     12.3 (i)   12.0 12.0 11.9 Tier 1 capital ratio (e) 13.9 14.1 (i)   14.2 (i)   14.1 (i)     14.0 (i)   13.6 13.6 13.5 Total capital ratio (e) 15.9 16.1   16.0   15.6     15.5   15.1 15.2 15.1 Tier 1 leverage ratio (e) 8.3 8.4   8.5   8.4     8.4   8.5 8.5 8.6 Selected balance sheet data (period-end)                         Trading assets $ 381,844 $ 420,418   $ 407,064   $ 402,513     $ 372,130   $ 374,837 $ 380,793 $ 366,153 Securities 249,958 263,288   263,458   281,850     $ 289,059   272,401 278,610 285,323 Loans 930,697 913,761   908,767   895,974     $ 894,765   888,054 872,804 847,313 Core loans 863,683 843,432   834,935   812,119     806,152   795,077 775,813 746,196 Average core loans 850,166 837,522   824,583   805,382     799,698   779,383 760,721 737,297 Total assets 2,533,600 2,563,074   2,563,174   2,546,290     2,490,972   2,521,029 2,466,096 2,423,808 Deposits 1,443,982 1,439,027   1,439,473   1,422,999     1,375,179   1,376,138 1,330,958 1,321,816 Long-term debt (f) 284,080 288,582   292,973   289,492     295,245   309,418 295,627 290,754 Common stockholders’ equity 229,625 232,314   232,415   229,795     228,122   228,263 226,355 224,089 Total stockholders’ equity 255,693 258,382   258,483   255,863     254,190   254,331 252,423 250,157 Headcount 252,539 251,503   249,257   246,345     243,355   242,315 240,046 237,420 Credit quality metrics                           Allowance for credit losses $ 14,672 $ 14,648   $ 14,480   $ 14,490     $ 14,854   $ 15,304 $ 15,187 $ 15,008 Allowance for loan losses to total retained loans 1.47 % 1.49 %   1.49 %   1.52 %     1.55 %   1.61 % 1.64 % 1.66 % Allowance for loan losses to retained loans excluding purchased credit-impaired loans (g) 1.27 1.29   1.28   1.31     1.34   1.37 1.40 1.40 Nonperforming assets $ 6,426 $ 6,154   $ 6,432   $ 6,826     $ 7,535   $ 7,779 $ 7,757 $ 8,023 Net charge-offs (h) 1,264 1,265   1,204   1,654     1,280   1,121 1,181 1,110 Net charge-off rate (h) 0.55 % 0.56 %   0.54 %   0.76 %     0.58 %   0.51 % 0.56 % 0.53 % (a) The Firm’s results for the three months ended December 31, 2017, included a $2.4 billion decrease to net income as a result of the enactment of the TCJA. For additional information related to the impact of the TCJA, see Note  24 . (b) Based on daily prices reported by the New York Stock Exchange. (c) TBVPS and ROTCE are non-GAAP financial measures. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Financial Performance Measures on  pages 52–54 . (d) HQLA represents the amount of assets that qualify for inclusion in the liquidity coverage ratio.  For December 31, 2017, September 30,2017 and June 30, 2017 the balance represents the average of quarterly reported results per the U.S. LCR public disclosure requirements effective April 1, 2017 and period-end balances for the remaining periods. For additional information, see HQLA on  page 93 .     (e) Ratios presented are calculated under the Basel III Transitional rules and for the capital ratios represent the Collins Floor. See Capital Risk Management on  pages 82–91  for additional information on Basel III. (f) Included unsecured long-term debt of $218.8 billion, $221.7 billion, $221.0 billion, $212.0 billion, $212.6 billion, $226.8 billion, $220.6 billion, $216.1 billion respectively, for the periods presented. (g) Excludes the impact of residential real estate PCI loans, a non-GAAP financial measure. For further discussion of these measures, see Explanation and Reconciliation of the Firm’s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Performance Measures on  pages 52–54 , and the Allowance for credit losses on  pages 117–119 . (h) Excluding net charge-offs of $467 million related to the student loan portfolio sale, the net charge-off rates for the three months ended March 31, 2017 would have been 0.54%. (i) The prior period ratios have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 277   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Distribution of assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity; interest rates and interest differentials Consolidated average balance sheet, interest and rates Provided below is a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s consolidated average balances, interest rates and interest differentials on a taxable-equivalent basis for the years  2015  through  2017 . Income computed on a taxable-equivalent basis is the income reported in the Consolidated    statements of income, adjusted to present interest income and average rates earned on assets exempt from income taxes (i.e. federal taxes) on a basis comparable with other taxable investments. The incremental tax rate used for calculating the taxable-equivalent adjustment was approximately  37%  in  2017 , and 38% in  2016  and  2015 . (Table continued on next page)               2017 Year ended December 31, (Taxable-equivalent interest and rates; in millions, except rates) Average balance   Interest (g)   Average rate Assets             Deposits with banks $ 438,240   $ 4,219   0.96 %   Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 191,819   2,327   1.21   Securities borrowed 95,324   (37 ) (h)   (0.04 )   Trading assets – debt instruments 237,206   7,714   3.25   Taxable securities 223,592   5,534   2.48   Non-taxable securities (a) 45,086   2,769   6.14   Total securities 268,678   8,303   3.09 (j)   Loans 906,397   41,296 (i)   4.56   All other interest-earning assets (b) 42,928   1,863   4.34   Total interest-earning assets 2,180,592   65,685   3.01   Allowance for loan losses (13,453 )           Cash and due from banks 20,364           Trading assets – equity instruments 115,913           Trading assets – derivative receivables 59,588           Goodwill, MSRs and other intangible assets 53,999           Other assets 139,059           Total assets $ 2,556,062           Liabilities             Interest-bearing deposits $ 1,013,221   $ 2,857   0.28 %   Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 187,386   1,611   0.86   Short-term borrowings (c) 46,532   481   1.03   Trading liabilities – debt and other interest-bearing liabilities (d)(e) 171,814   2,070   1.21   Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs 32,457   503   1.55   Long-term debt 291,489   6,753   2.32   Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,742,899   14,275   0.82   Noninterest-bearing deposits 404,165           Trading liabilities – equity instruments (e) 21,022           Trading liabilities – derivative payables 44,122           All other liabilities, including the allowance for lending-related commitments 87,292           Total liabilities 2,299,500           Stockholders’ equity             Preferred stock 26,212           Common stockholders’ equity 230,350           Total stockholders’ equity 256,562 (f)           Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 2,556,062           Interest rate spread         2.19 %   Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning assets     $ 51,410   2.36   (a) Represents securities that are tax-exempt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. (b) Includes held-for-investment margin loans, which are classified in accrued interest and accounts receivable, and all other interest-earning assets included in other assets. (c) Includes commercial paper. (d) Other interest-bearing liabilities include brokerage customer payables. (e) Included trading liabilities – debt and equity instruments of $90.7 billion, $92.8 billion and $81.4 billion for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. (f) The ratio of average stockholders’ equity to average assets was  10.0%  for  2017 ,  10.2%  for 2016, and  9.7%  for  2015 . The return on average stockholders’ equity, based on net income, was  9.5%  for 2017,  9.9%  for  2016 , and  10.2%  for  2015 . (g) Interest includes the effect of related hedging derivatives. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. (h) Negative interest income and yield is related to client-driven demand for certain securities combined with the impact of low interest rates; this is matched book activity and the negative interest expense on the corresponding securities loaned is recognized in interest expense and reported within trading liabilities – debt, short-term and other liabilities. (i) Fees and commissions on loans included in loan interest amounted to  $1.0 billion  in  2017 ,  $808 million  in  2016 , and  $936 million  in  2015 . (j) The annualized rate for securities based on amortized cost was  3.13%  in  2017 ,  2.99%  in  2016 , and  2.94%  in  2015 , and does not give effect to changes in fair value that are reflected in AOCI.  278   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Within the Consolidated average balance sheets, interest and rates summary, the principal amounts of nonaccrual loans have been included in the average loan balances used to determine the average interest rate earned on loans. For additional information on nonaccrual loans, including interest accrued, see Note  12 . (Table continued from previous page)                     2016   2015   Average balance   Interest (g)   Average rate   Average balance   Interest (g)   Average rate                             $ 392,160   $ 1,863   0.48 %     $ 427,963   $ 1,250   0.29  %   205,368   2,265   1.10     206,637   1,592   0.77   102,964   (332 ) (h)   (0.32 )     105,273   (532 ) (h)   (0.50 )   215,565   7,373   3.42     206,385   6,694   3.24   235,211   5,538   2.35     273,730   6,550   2.39   44,176   2,662   6.03     42,125   2,556   6.07   279,387   8,200   2.94 (j)     315,855   9,106   2.88 (j)   866,378   36,866 (i)   4.26     787,318   33,321 (i)   4.23   39,782   875   2.20     38,811   652   1.68   2,101,604   57,110   2.72     2,088,242   52,083   2.49   (13,965 )             (13,885 )           18,660             22,042           95,528             105,489           70,897             73,290           53,752             55,439           135,143             138,792           $ 2,461,619             $ 2,469,409                                     $ 925,270   $ 1,356   0.15 %     $ 876,840   $ 1,252   0.14  %   178,720   1,089   0.61     192,510   609   0.32   36,140   203   0.56     66,956   175   0.26   177,765   1,102   0.62     178,994   557   0.31   40,180   504   1.25     49,200   435   0.88   295,573   5,564   1.88     284,940   4,435   1.56   1,653,648   9,818   0.59     1,649,440   7,463   0.45   402,698             418,948           20,737             17,282           55,927             64,716           77,910             79,293           2,210,920             2,229,679                                     26,068             24,040           224,631             215,690           250,699 (f)             239,730 (f)           $ 2,461,619             $ 2,469,409                   2.13 %             2.04  %       $ 47,292   2.25         $ 44,620   2.14   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   279 Interest rates and interest differential analysis of net interest income – U.S. and non-U.S. Presented below is a summary of interest rates and interest differentials segregated between U.S. and non-U.S. operations for the years  2015  through  2017 . The segregation of U.S. and non-U.S. components is based on   the location of the office recording the transaction. Intercompany funding generally consists of dollar-denominated deposits originated in various locations that are centrally managed by Treasury and CIO. (Table continued on next page)           2017 Year ended December 31, (Taxable-equivalent interest and rates; in millions, except rates) Average balance Interest   Average rate Interest-earning assets         Deposits with banks:         U.S. $ 366,177 $ 4,091   1.12  % Non-U.S. 72,063 128   0.18 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements:         U.S. 90,878 1,360   1.50 Non-U.S. 100,941 967   0.96 Securities borrowed:         U.S. 68,110 (66 ) (c)   (0.10 ) Non-U.S. 27,214 29   0.11 Trading assets – debt instruments:         U.S. 128,293 4,186   3.26 Non-U.S. 108,913 3,528   3.24 Securities:         U.S. 223,140 7,490   3.36 Non-U.S. 45,538 813   1.79 Loans:         U.S. 832,608 39,439   4.74 Non-U.S. 73,789 1,857   2.52 All other interest-earning assets, predominantly U.S. 42,928 1,863   4.34 Total interest-earning assets 2,180,592 65,685   3.01 Interest-bearing liabilities         Interest-bearing deposits:         U.S. 776,049 2,223   0.29 Non-U.S. 237,172 634   0.27 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements:         U.S. 115,574 1,349   1.17 Non-U.S. 71,812 262   0.37 Trading liabilities – debt, short-term and all other interest-bearing liabilities: (a)         U.S. 138,470 1,271 0.92 Non-U.S. 79,876 1,280   1.60 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs, predominantly U.S. 32,457 503   1.55 Long-term debt:         U.S. 276,750 6,745   2.44 Non-U.S. 14,739 8   0.05 Intercompany funding:         U.S. (2,874 ) (25 )   — Non-U.S. 2,874 25   — Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,742,899 14,275   0.82 Noninterest-bearing liabilities (b) 437,693       Total investable funds $ 2,180,592 $ 14,275   0.65  % Net interest income and net yield:   $ 51,410   2.36  % U.S.   46,059   2.68 Non-U.S.   5,351   1.15 Percentage of total assets and liabilities attributable to non-U.S. operations:         Assets       22.5 Liabilities       21.1 (a) Includes commercial paper. (b) Represents the amount of noninterest-bearing liabilities funding interest-earning assets. (c) Negative interest income and yield is related to client-driven demand for certain securities combined with the impact of low interest rates; this is matched book activity and the negative interest expense on the corresponding securities loaned is recognized in interest expense and reported within trading liabilities – debt, short-term and other liabilities. 280   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report For further information, see the “Net interest income” discussion in Consolidated Results of Operations on  pages 44–46 . (Table continued from previous page)                 2016   2015   Average balance Interest   Average rate     Average balance Interest   Average rate                                               $ 328,831 $ 1,708   0.52  %     $ 388,833 $ 1,021   0.26  %   63,329 155   0.25     39,130 229   0.59                         112,902 1,166   1.03     118,945 900   0.76   92,466 1,099   1.19     87,692 692   0.79                         73,297 (341 ) (c)   (0.46 )     78,815 (562 ) (c)   (0.71 )   29,667 9   0.03     26,458 30   0.11                         116,211 3,825   3.29     106,465 3,572   3.35   99,354 3,548   3.57     99,920 3,122   3.12                         216,726 6,971   3.22     200,240 6,676   3.33   62,661 1,229   1.97     115,615 2,430   2.10                         788,213 35,110   4.45     699,664 31,468   4.50   78,165 1,756   2.25     87,654 1,853   2.11   39,782 875   2.20     38,811 652   1.68   2,101,604 57,110   2.72     2,088,242 52,083   2.49                                               703,738 1,029   0.15     638,756 761   0.12   221,532 327   0.15     238,084 491   0.21                         121,945 773   0.63     140,609 366   0.26   56,775 316   0.56     51,901 243   0.47                         133,788 86   0.06     166,838 (394 ) (c)   (0.24 )   80,117 1,219   1.52     79,112 1,126   1.42   40,180 504   1.25     49,200 435   0.88                         283,169 5,533   1.95     273,033 4,386   1.61   12,404 31   0.25     11,907 49   0.41                         (20,405 ) 10   —     (50,517 ) 7   —   20,405 (10 )   —     50,517 (7 )   —   1,653,648 9,818   0.59     1,649,440 7,463   0.45   447,956           438,802         $ 2,101,604 $ 9,818   0.47  %     $ 2,088,242 $ 7,463   0.36  %     $ 47,292   2.25  %       $ 44,620   2.14  %     40,705   2.49       38,033   2.34     6,587   1.42       6,587   1.42                               23.1           24.7         20.7           21.1   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   281 Changes in net interest income, volume and rate analysis The table below presents an attribution of net interest income between volume and rate. The attribution between volume and rate is calculated using annual average balances for each category of assets and liabilities shown in the table and the corresponding annual average rates (see  pages 278-282  for more information on average balances and rates). In this analysis, when the change cannot be isolated to either volume or rate, it has been allocated to volume. The average annual rates include the impact of changes in market rates as well as the impact of any change in composition of the various products within each category of asset or liability. This analysis is calculated separately for each category without consideration of the relationship between categories (for example, the net spread between the rates earned on assets and the rates paid on liabilities that fund those assets). As a result, changes in the granularity or groupings considered in this analysis would produce a different attribution result, and due to the complexities involved, precise allocation of changes in interest rates between volume and rates is inherently complex and judgmental.   2017 versus 2016   2016 versus 2015   Increase/(decrease) due to change in:       Increase/(decrease) due to change in:     Year ended December 31, (On a taxable-equivalent basis; in millions) Volume   Rate   Net change   Volume   Rate   Net change Interest-earning assets                       Deposits with banks:                       U.S. $ 410   $ 1,973   $ 2,383   $ (324 )   $ 1,011   $ 687 Non-U.S. 17   (44 )   (27 )   59   (133 )   (74 ) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements:                     U.S. (337 )   531   194   (55 )   321   266 Non-U.S. 81   (213 )   (132 )   56   351   407 Securities borrowed:                     U.S. 11   264   275   24   197   221 Non-U.S. (4 )   24   20   —   (21 )   (21 ) Trading assets – debt instruments:                     U.S. 396   (35 )   361   317   (64 )   253 Non-U.S. 308   (328 )   (20 )   (24 )   450   426 Securities:                     U.S. 216   303   519   515   (220 )   295 Non-U.S. (303 )   (113 )   (416 )   (1,051 )   (150 )   (1,201 ) Loans:                     U.S. 2,043   2,286   4,329   3,992   (350 )   3,642 Non-U.S. (110 )   211   101   (220 )   123   (97 ) All other interest-earning assets, predominantly U.S. 137   851   988   21   202   223 Change in interest income 2,865   5,710   8,575   3,310   1,717   5,027 Interest-bearing liabilities                       Interest-bearing deposits:                       U.S. 209   985   1,194   76   192   268 Non-U.S. 41   266   307   (21 )   (143 )   (164 ) Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements:                   U.S. (83 )   659   576   (113 )   520   407 Non-U.S. 54   (108 )   (54 )   26   47   73 Trading liabilities – debt, short-term and other interest-bearing liabilities:  (a)                   U.S. 45   1,140   1,185   (24 )   504   480 Non-U.S. (3 )   64   61   14   79   93 Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs, predominantly U.S. (122 )   121   (1 )   (113 )   182   69 Long-term debt:                 U.S. (176 )   1,388   1,212   219   928   1,147 Non-U.S. 2   (25 )   (23 )   1   (19 )   (18 ) Intercompany funding:                       U.S. 151   (186 )   (35 )   (17 )   20   3 Non-U.S. (151 )   186   35   17   (20 )   (3 ) Change in interest expense (33 )   4,490   4,457   65   2,290   2,355 Change in net interest income $ 2,898   $ 1,220   $ 4,118   $ 3,245   $ (573 )   $ 2,672 (a) Includes commercial paper. 282   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 2017 Annual Report or  2017 Form 10-K:  Annual report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2017, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.   ABS:  Asset-backed securities   Active foreclosures:  Loans referred to foreclosure where formal foreclosure proceedings are ongoing. Includes both judicial and non-judicial states.   AFS:  Available-for-sale   ALCO:  Asset Liability Committee Allowance for loan losses to total loans:  Represents period-end allowance for loan losses divided by retained loans. Alternative assets:  The following types of assets constitute alternative investments – hedge funds, currency, real estate, private equity and other investment funds designed to focus on nontraditional strategies. AWM:  Asset & Wealth Management AOCI:  Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)   ARM:  Adjustable rate mortgage(s)   AUC:  Assets under custody AUM: “Assets under management”:  Represent assets managed by AWM on behalf of its Private Banking, Institutional and Retail clients. Includes “Committed capital not Called.” Auto loan and lease origination volume:  Dollar amount of auto loans and leases originated. Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs:  Represents the interest of third-party holders of debt, equity securities, or other obligations, issued by VIEs that  JPMorgan Chase  consolidates.   Benefit obligation:  Refers to the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans.   BHC:  Bank holding company   Card Services  includes the Credit Card and Merchant Services businesses. CB:  Commercial Banking CBB:  Consumer & Business Banking CCAR:  Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review CCB:  Consumer & Community Banking CCO:  Chief Compliance Officer CCP: “Central counterparty”  is a clearing house that interposes itself between counterparties to contracts traded in one or more financial markets, becoming the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer and thereby ensuring the future performance of open contracts. A CCP becomes counterparty to trades with market participants    through novation, an open offer system, or another legally binding arrangement.   CDS:  Credit default swaps   CEO:  Chief Executive Officer  CET1 Capital:  Common equity Tier 1 Capital   CFTC:  Commodity Futures Trading Commission   CFO:  Chief Financial Officer   Chase Bank USA, N.A.:  Chase Bank USA, National Association CIB:  Corporate & Investment Bank CIO:  Chief Investment Office   Client assets:  Represent assets under management as well as custody, brokerage, administration and deposit accounts. Client deposits and other third-party liabilities:  Deposits, as well as deposits that are swept to on-balance sheet liabilities (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements) as part of client cash management programs.  CLO:  Collateralized loan obligations   CLTV:  Combined loan-to-value   Collateral-dependent:  A loan is considered to be collateral-dependent when repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the underlying collateral, rather than by cash flows from the borrower’s operations, income or other resources.   Merchant Services:  is   a business that primarily processes transactions for merchants. Commercial Card:  provides a wide range of payment services to corporate and public sector clients worldwide through the commercial card products. Services include procurement, corporate travel and entertainment, expense management services, and business-to-business payment solutions. COO:  Chief Operating Officer Core loans:  Represents loans considered central to the Firm’s ongoing businesses; core loans exclude loans classified as trading assets, runoff portfolios, discontinued portfolios and portfolios the Firm has an intent to exit. Credit cycle:  A period of time over which credit quality improves, deteriorates and then improves again (or vice versa). The duration of a credit cycle can vary from a couple of years to several years. Credit derivatives:  Financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit risk associated with the debt of a third-party issuer (the reference entity) which allow one   party (the protection purchaser) to transfer that risk to another party (the protection seller). Upon the occurrence of a credit event by the reference entity, which may include, among other events, the bankruptcy or failure to pay its  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   283 Glossary of Terms and Acronyms obligations, or certain restructurings of the debt of the reference entity, neither party has recourse to the reference entity. The protection purchaser has recourse to the protection seller for the difference between the face value of the CDS contract and the fair value at the time of settling the credit derivative contract. The determination as to whether a credit event has occurred is generally made by the relevant International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) Determinations Committee.   Criticized:  Criticized loans, lending-related commitments and derivative receivables that are classified as special mention, substandard and doubtful categories for regulatory purposes and are generally consistent with a rating of CCC+/Caa1 and below, as defined by S&P and Moody’s.   CRO:  Chief Risk Officer   CTC:  CIO, Treasury and Corporate CVA:  Credit valuation adjustments   Debit and credit card sales volume : Dollar amount of card member purchases, net of returns. Deposit margin/deposit spread:  Represents net interest income expressed as a percentage of average deposits. Distributed denial-of-service attack:  The use of a large number of remote computer systems to electronically send a high volume of traffic to a target website to create a service outage at the target. This is a form of cyberattack. DFAST:  Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test Dodd-Frank Act:  Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act   DOJ:  U.S. Department of Justice   DOL:  U.S.   Department of Labor   DRPC:  Board of Directors’ Risk Policy Committee   DVA:  Debit valuation adjustment   E&P:  Exploration & Production  EC:  European Commission   Eligible LTD:  Long-term debt satisfying certain eligibility criteria Embedded derivatives:  are implicit or explicit terms or features of a financial instrument that affect some or all of the cash flows or the value of the instrument in a manner similar to a derivative. An instrument containing such terms or features is referred to as a “hybrid.” The component of the hybrid that is the non-derivative instrument is referred to as the “host.” For example, callable debt is a hybrid instrument that contains a plain vanilla debt instrument (i.e., the host) and an embedded option that allows the issuer to redeem the debt issue at a specified date for a specified amount (i.e., the embedded derivative). However, a floating rate instrument is not a hybrid composed of a fixed-rate instrument and an interest rate swap.     ERISA:  Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974   EPS:  Earnings per share ETD: “Exchange-traded derivatives”:  Derivative contracts that are executed on an exchange and settled via a central clearing house.   EU:  European Union   Fannie Mae:  Federal National Mortgage Association   FASB:  Financial Accounting Standards Board   FCA:  Financial Conduct Authority   FCC:  Firmwide Control Committee FDIA:  Federal Depository Insurance Act   FDIC:  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation   Federal Reserve:  The Board of the Governors of the Federal Reserve System   Fee share:  Proportion of fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry from investment banking transactions in M&A, equity and debt underwriting, and loan syndications. Source: Dealogic, a third-party provider of investment banking fee competitive analysis and volume-based league tables for the above noted industry products. FFELP:  Federal Family Education Loan Program  FFIEC:  Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council   FHA:  Federal Housing Administration   FHLB:  Federal Home Loan Bank   FICO score:  A measure of consumer credit risk provided by credit bureaus, typically produced from statistical models by Fair Isaac Corporation utilizing data collected by the credit bureaus.   Firm:  JPMorgan Chase & Co. Forward points:  Represents the interest rate differential between two currencies, which is either added to or subtracted from the current exchange rate (i.e., “spot rate”) to determine the forward exchange rate. FRC:  Firmwide Risk Committee Freddie Mac:  Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Free standing derivatives:  a derivative contract entered into either separate and apart from any of the Firm’s other financial instruments or equity transactions. Or, in conjunction with some other transaction and is legally detachable and separately exercisable. FSB:  Financial Stability Board FTE:  Fully taxable equivalent FVA:  Funding valuation adjustment   FX:  Foreign exchange   284   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Glossary of Terms and Acronyms G7:  Group of Seven nations:  Countries in the G7 are Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the U.K. and the U.S.   G7 government bonds:  Bonds issued by the government of one of the G7 nations.   Ginnie Mae:   Government National Mortgage Association    GSE:  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac   GSIB:  Global systemically important banks   HAMP:  Home affordable modification program  Headcount-related expense:  Includes salary and benefits (excluding performance-based incentives), and other noncompensation costs related to employees. HELOAN:  Home equity loan   HELOC:  Home equity line of credit   Home equity – senior lien:  Represents loans and commitments where  JPMorgan Chase  holds the first security interest on the property.   Home equity – junior lien:  Represents loans and commitments where  JPMorgan Chase  holds a security interest that is subordinate in rank to other liens.   Households:  A household is a collection of individuals or entities aggregated together by name, address, tax identifier and phone. Reported on a one-month lag. HQLA:  High quality liquid assets HTM:  Held-to-maturity   ICAAP:  Internal capital adequacy assessment process IDI:  Insured depository institutions   IHC : JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, an intermediate holding company Impaired loan:  Impaired loans are loans measured at amortized cost, for which it is probable that  the Firm  will be unable to collect all amounts due, including principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the agreement. Impaired loans include the following:   • All wholesale nonaccrual loans   • All TDRs (both wholesale and consumer), including ones that have returned to accrual status   Interchange income:  A fee paid to a credit card issuer in the clearing and settlement of a sales or cash advance transaction.   Investment-grade:  An indication of credit quality based on  JPMorgan Chase’s  internal risk assessment system. “Investment grade” generally represents a risk profile similar to a rating of a “BBB-”/“Baa3” or better, as defined by independent rating agencies.   ISDA:  International Swaps and Derivatives Association   JPMorgan Chase:  JPMorgan Chase & Co.     JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.:  JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association   JPMorgan Clearing:  J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. JPMorgan Securities:  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Loan-equivalent:  Represents the portion of the unused commitment or other contingent exposure that is expected, based on historical portfolio experience, to become drawn prior to an event of a default by an obligor. LCR:  Liquidity coverage ratio   LDA:  Loss Distribution Approach LGD:  Loss given default   LIBOR:  London Interbank Offered Rate    LLC:  Limited Liability Company   LOB:  Line of business Loss emergence period:  Represents the time period between the date at which the loss is estimated to have been incurred and the ultimate realization of that loss. LTIP:  Long-term incentive plan   LTV: “Loan-to-value”:  For residential real estate loans, the relationship, expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the appraised value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate) securing the loan.   Origination date LTV ratio   The LTV ratio at the origination date of the loan. Origination date LTV ratios are calculated based on the actual appraised values of collateral (i.e., loan-level data) at the origination date.   Current estimated LTV ratio   An estimate of the LTV as of a certain date. The current estimated LTV ratios are calculated using estimated collateral values derived from a nationally recognized home price index measured at the metropolitan statistical area (“MSA”) level. These MSA-level home price indices consist of actual data to the extent available and forecasted data where actual data is not available. As a result, the estimated collateral values used to calculate these ratios do not represent actual appraised loan-level collateral values; as such, the resulting LTV ratios are necessarily imprecise and should therefore be viewed as estimates.   Combined LTV ratio   The LTV ratio considering all available lien positions, as well as unused lines, related to the property. Combined LTV ratios are used for junior lien home equity products.   Managed basis:  A non-GAAP presentation of financial results that includes reclassifications to present revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. Management uses this non- GAAP financial measure at the segment level, because it believes this provides information to enable investors to understand the underlying operational performance and  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   285 Glossary of Terms and Acronyms trends of the particular business segment and facilitates a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors. Master netting agreement:  A single agreement with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that agreement to be terminated or accelerated and settled through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default (e.g., bankruptcy, failure to make a required payment or securities transfer or deliver collateral or margin when due).   MBS:  Mortgage-backed securities    MD&A:  Management’s discussion and analysis MMDA:  Money Market Deposit Accounts Moody’s:  Moody’s Investor Services   Mortgage origination channels: Retail – Borrowers who buy or refinance a home through direct contact with a mortgage banker employed by the Firm using a branch office, the Internet or by phone. Borrowers are frequently referred to a mortgage banker by a banker in a Chase branch, real estate brokers, home builders or other third parties. Correspondent – Banks, thrifts, other mortgage banks and other financial institutions that sell closed loans to the Firm. Mortgage product types:   Alt-A   Alt-A loans are generally higher in credit quality than subprime loans but have characteristics that would disqualify the borrower from a traditional prime loan. Alt-A lending characteristics may include one or more of the following: (i) limited documentation; (ii) a high  CLTV ratio;  (iii) loans secured by non-owner occupied properties; or (iv) a debt-to-income ratio above normal limits. A substantial proportion of  the Firm’s  Alt-A loans are those where a borrower does not provide complete documentation of his or her assets or the amount or source of his or her income.   Option ARMs   The option ARM real estate loan product is an adjustable-rate mortgage loan that provides the borrower with the option each month to make a fully amortizing, interest-only or minimum payment. The minimum payment on an option ARM loan is based on the interest rate charged during the introductory period. This introductory rate is usually significantly below the fully indexed rate. The fully indexed rate is calculated using an index rate plus a margin. Once the introductory period ends, the contractual interest rate charged on the loan increases to the fully indexed rate and adjusts monthly to reflect movements in the index. The minimum payment is typically insufficient to cover interest accrued in the prior month, and any unpaid interest is deferred and added to the principal balance of the loan. Option ARM loans are subject to payment recast, which converts the loan to a variable-rate fully amortizing loan    upon meeting specified loan balance and anniversary date triggers.   Prime   Prime mortgage loans are made to borrowers with good credit records who meet specific underwriting requirements, including prescriptive requirements related to income and overall debt levels. New prime mortgage borrowers provide full documentation and generally have reliable payment histories.   Subprime   Subprime loans are loans that, prior to mid-2008, were offered to certain customers with one or more high risk characteristics, including but not limited to: (i) unreliable or poor payment histories; (ii) a high LTV ratio of greater than 80% (without borrower-paid mortgage insurance); (iii) a high debt-to-income ratio; (iv) an occupancy type for the loan is other than the borrower’s primary residence; or (v) a history of delinquencies or late payments on the loan.   MSA:  Metropolitan statistical areas   MSR:  Mortgage servicing rights   Multi-asset:  Any fund or account that allocates assets under management to more than one asset class. NA:  Data is not applicable or available for the period presented.   NAV:  Net Asset Value   Net Capital Rule:  Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Net charge-off/(recovery) rate:  Represents net charge-offs/(recoveries) (annualized) divided by average retained loans for the reporting period. Net mortgage servicing revenue  includes the following components: Operating revenue predominantly represents the return on Home Lending Servicing’s MSR asset and includes: – Actual gross income earned from servicing third-party mortgage loans, such as contractually specified servicing fees and ancillary income; and – The change in the fair value of the MSR asset due to the collection or realization of expected cash flows. Risk management represents the components of Home Lending Servicing’s MSR asset that are subject to ongoing risk management activities, together with derivatives and other instruments used in those risk management activities. Net production revenue:  Includes net gains or losses on originations and sales of mortgage loans, other production-related fees and losses related to the repurchase of previously sold loans. 286   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Glossary of Terms and Acronyms Net revenue rate:  Represents Card Services net revenue (annualized) expressed as a percentage of average loans for the period. Net yield on interest-earning assets:  The average rate for interest-earning assets less the average rate paid for all sources of funds. NM:  Not meaningful  NOL:  Net operating loss   Nonaccrual loans:  Loans for which interest income is not recognized on an accrual basis. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government agencies) are placed on nonaccrual status when full payment of principal and interest is not expected, regardless of delinquency status, or when principal and interest have been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. Collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on nonaccrual status.   Nonperforming assets:  Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, nonperforming derivatives and certain assets acquired in loan satisfaction, predominantly real estate owned and other commercial and personal property. NOW:  Negotiable Order of Withdrawal NSFR:  Net stable funding ratio OAS:  Option-adjusted spread   OCC:  Office of the Comptroller of the Currency    OCI:  Other comprehensive income/(loss)   OEP:  One Equity Partners OIS:  Overnight index swap OPEB:  Other postretirement employee benefit   ORMF:  Operational Risk Management Framework OTTI:  Other-than-temporary impairment   Over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives:  Derivative contracts that are negotiated, executed and settled bilaterally between two derivative counterparties, where one or both counterparties is a derivatives dealer.   Over-the-counter cleared (“OTC-cleared”) derivatives:  Derivative contracts that are negotiated and executed bilaterally, but subsequently settled via a central clearing house, such that each derivative counterparty is only exposed to the default of that clearing house.   Overhead ratio:  Noninterest expense as a percentage of total net revenue. Parent Company:  JPMorgan Chase & Co. Participating securities:  Represents unvested share-based compensation awards containing nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (collectively, “dividends”), which are included in the earnings per share calculation    using the two-class method. JPMorgan Chase grants RSUs to certain employees under its share-based compensation programs, which entitle the recipients to receive nonforfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to the dividends paid to holders of common stock. These unvested awards meet the definition of participating securities. Under the two-class method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to each class of common stock and participating securities, based on their respective rights to receive dividends.  PCA:  Prompt corrective action   PCI: “Purchased credit-impaired” loans  represents certain loans that were acquired and deemed to be credit-impaired on the acquisition date in accordance with the guidance of the FASB. The guidance allows purchasers to aggregate credit-impaired loans acquired in the same fiscal quarter into one or more pools, provided that the loans have common risk characteristics(e.g., product type, LTV ratios, FICO scores, past due status, geographic location). A pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows.   PD:  Probability of default   PRA:  Prudential Regulatory Authority  Pre-provision profit/(loss):  Represents total net revenue less noninterest expense. The Firm believes that this financial measure is useful in assessing the ability of a lending institution to generate income in excess of its provision for credit losses. Pretax margin:  Represents income before income tax expense divided by total net revenue, which is, in management’s view, a comprehensive measure of pretax performance derived by measuring earnings after all costs are taken into consideration. It is one basis upon which management evaluates the performance of AWM against the performance of their respective competitors. Principal transactions revenue:  Principal transactions revenue is driven by many factors, including the bid-offer spread, which is the difference between the price at which  the Firm  is willing to buy a financial or other instrument and the price at which  the Firm  is willing to sell that instrument. It also consists of realized (as a result of closing out or termination of transactions, or interim cash payments) and unrealized (as a result of changes in valuation) gains and losses on financial and other instruments (including those accounted for under the fair value option) primarily used in client-driven market-making activities and on private equity investments. In connection with its client-driven market-making activities,  the Firm  transacts in debt and equity instruments, derivatives and commodities (including physical commodities inventories and financial instruments that reference commodities).   Principal transactions revenue also includes certain realized and unrealized gains and losses related to hedge accounting and specified risk-management activities, including: (a)  JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   287 Glossary of Terms and Acronyms certain derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships (primarily fair value hedges of commodity and foreign exchange risk), (b) certain derivatives used for specific risk management purposes, primarily to mitigate credit risk ,  foreign exchange risk  and commodity risk , and (c) other derivatives.   PSU(s):  Performance share units   RCSA:  Risk and Control Self-Assessment Real assets:  Real assets include investments in productive assets such as agriculture, energy rights, mining and timber properties and exclude raw land to be developed for real estate purposes. REIT: “Real estate investment trust”:  A special purpose investment vehicle that provides investors with the ability to participate directly in the ownership or financing of real-estate related assets by pooling their capital to purchase and manage income property (i.e., equity REIT) and/or mortgage loans (i.e., mortgage REIT). REITs can be publicly or privately held and they also qualify for certain favorable tax considerations.   Receivables from customers:  Primarily represents margin loans to brokerage customers that are collateralized through assets maintained in the clients’ brokerage accounts, as such no allowance is held against these receivables.   These receivables are reported within accrued interest and accounts receivable on  the Firm’s  Consolidated balance sheets.   Regulatory VaR:  Daily aggregated VaR calculated in accordance with regulatory rules. REO:  Real estate owned   Reported basis:  Financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP, which excludes the impact of taxable-equivalent adjustments.  Retained loans:  Loans that are held-for-investment (i.e., excludes loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value).   Revenue wallet:  Proportion of fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry (i.e., the revenue wallet) from investment banking transactions in M&A, equity and debt underwriting, and loan syndications. Source: Dealogic, a third-party provider of investment banking competitive analysis and volume-based league tables for the above noted industry products. RHS:  Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture   Risk-rated portfolio:  Credit loss estimates are based on estimates of the probability of default (“PD”) and loss severity given a default. The probability of default is the likelihood that a borrower will default on its obligation; the loss given default (“LGD”) is the estimated loss on the loan that would be realized upon the default and takes into   consideration collateral and structural support for each credit facility.       ROA:  Return on assets ROE:  Return on equity ROTCE:  Return on tangible common equity RSU(s):  Restricted stock units    RWA: “Risk-weighted assets” :   Basel III establishes two comprehensive methodologies for calculating RWA (a Standardized approach and an Advanced approach) which include capital requirements for credit risk, market risk, and in the case of Basel III Advanced, also operational risk. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced approaches are that for Basel III Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches which largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Basel III Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class. Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized and Basel III Advanced.   S&P:  Standard and Poor’s 500 Index   SAR(s):  Stock appreciation rights   SCCL : single-counterparty credit limits  Scored portfolio:  The scored portfolio predominantly includes residential real estate loans, credit card loans and certain auto and business banking loans where credit loss estimates are based on statistical analysis of credit losses over discrete periods of time. The statistical analysis uses portfolio modeling, credit scoring and decision-support tools.   SEC:  Securities and Exchange Commission   Seed capital:  Initial JPMorgan capital invested in products, such as mutual funds, with the intention of ensuring the fund is of sufficient size to represent a viable offering to clients, enabling pricing of its shares, and allowing the manager to develop a track record. After these goals are achieved, the intent is to remove the Firm’s capital from the investment. Short sale:  A short sale is a sale of real estate in which proceeds from selling the underlying property are less than the amount owed the Firm under the terms of the related mortgage, and the related lien is released upon receipt of such proceeds. Single-name:  Single reference-entities SLR:  Supplementary leverage ratio   SMBS:  Stripped mortgage-backed securities   SOA:  Society of Actuaries   SPEs:  Special purpose entities   Structural interest rate risk:  Represents interest rate risk of the non-trading assets and liabilities of the Firm. 288   JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report Glossary of Terms and Acronyms Structured notes:  Structured notes are predominantly financial instruments containing embedded derivatives.   Suspended foreclosures:  Loans referred to foreclosure where formal foreclosure proceedings have started but are currently on hold, which could be due to bankruptcy or loss mitigation. Includes both judicial and non-judicial states.  Taxable-equivalent basis:  In presenting results on a managed basis, the total net revenue for each of the business segments and the Firm is presented on a tax-equivalent basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in managed basis results on a level comparable to taxable investments and securities; the corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. TBVPS:  Tangible book value per share TCE:  Tangible common equity TDR:   “Troubled debt restructuring”  is deemed to occur when  the Firm  modifies the original terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty.   TLAC:  Total Loss Absorbing Capacity   U.K. : United Kingdom   Unaudited:  Financial statements and information that have not been subjected to auditing procedures sufficient to permit an independent certified public accountant to express an opinion.   U.S.:  United States of America   U.S. GAAP:  Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.   U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (“U.S. GSEs”) and U.S. GSE obligations:  In the U.S., GSEs are quasi-governmental, privately held entities established by Congress to improve the flow of credit to specific sectors of the economy and provide certain essential services to the public. U.S. GSEs include Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, but do not include Ginnie Mae, which is directly owned by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. U.S. GSE obligations are not explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government.   U.S. LCR:  Liquidity coverage ratio under the final U.S. rule.   U.S. Treasury:  U.S. Department of the Treasury   VA:  U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs   VaR: “Value-at-risk”  is a measure of the dollar amount of potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment.  VCG:  Valuation Control Group   VGF:  Valuation Governance Forum    VIEs:  Variable interest entities   Warehouse loans:  Consist of prime mortgages originated with the intent to sell that are accounted for at fair value and classified as trading assets.   Washington Mutual transaction:  On September 25, 2008, JPMorgan Chase acquired certain of the assets of the banking operations of Washington Mutual Bank (“Washington Mutual”) from the FDIC. JPMorgan Chase & Co./2017 Annual Report   289 Securities portfolio  For information regarding the securities portfolio as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , and for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , see Note  10 .    2015 December 31, (in millions) Amortized cost   Fair  value Available-for-sale debt securities       Mortgage-backed securities: U.S Government agencies $ 53,689   $ 55,066 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 11,202   11,036 All other AFS securities 172,567   175,652 Total available-for-sale debt securities $ 237,458   $ 241,754         Held-to-maturity securities       Mortgage-backed securities: U.S Government agencies 36,271   37,081 All other HTM securities 12,802   13,506 Total held-to-maturity debt securities $ 49,073   $ 50,587 Total securities $ 286,531   $ 292,341 290     Loan portfolio The table below presents loans by portfolio segment and loan class that are presented in Credit and Investment Risk Management on  page 101 ,  pages 102-107  and  page 108 , and in Note  12 , at the periods indicated. December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 (b) 2015 2014 2013 U.S. consumer, excluding credit card loans           Residential mortgage $ 236,157 $ 215,178 $ 192,714 $ 139,973 $ 129,008 Home equity 44,249 51,965 60,548 69,837 76,790 Auto 66,242 65,814 60,255 54,536 52,757 Other 26,033 31,687 31,304 31,028 30,508 Total U.S. consumer, excluding credit card loans 372,681 364,644 344,821 295,374 289,063 Credit card Loans           U.S. credit card loans 149,107 141,447 131,132 129,067 125,308 Non-U.S. credit card loans 404 369 331 1,981 2,483 Total credit card loans 149,511 141,816 131,463 131,048 127,791 Total consumer loans 522,192 506,460 476,284 426,422 416,854 U.S. wholesale loans           Commercial and industrial 93,522 91,393 83,739 78,664 79,436 Real estate 112,562 104,268 90,836 77,022 67,815 Financial institutions 23,819 20,499 12,708 13,743 11,087 Government agencies 12,603 12,655 9,838 7,574 8,316 Other 69,602 66,363 67,925 49,838 48,158 Total U.S. wholesale loans 312,108 295,178 265,046 226,841 214,812 Non-U.S. wholesale loans           Commercial and industrial 29,233 31,340 30,385 34,782 36,447 Real estate 3,302 3,975 4,577 2,224 1,621 Financial institutions 16,845 15,196 17,188 21,099 22,813 Government agencies 2,906 3,726 1,788 1,122 2,146 Other 44,111 38,890 42,031 44,846 43,725 Total non-U.S. wholesale loans 96,397 93,127 95,969 104,073 106,752 Total wholesale loans           Commercial and industrial 122,755 122,733 114,124 113,446 115,883 Real estate 115,864 108,243 95,413 79,246 69,436 Financial institutions 40,664 35,695 29,896 34,842 33,900 Government agencies 15,509 16,381 11,626 8,696 10,462 Other 113,713 105,253 109,956 94,684 91,883 Total wholesale loans 408,505 388,305 361,015 330,914 321,564 Total loans (a) $ 930,697 $ 894,765 $ 837,299 $ 757,336 $ 738,418 Memo:           Loans held-for-sale $ 3,351 $ 2,628 $ 1,646 $ 7,217 $ 12,230 Loans at fair value 2,508 2,230 2,861 2,611 2,011 Total loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value $ 5,859 $ 4,858 $ 4,507 $ 9,828 $ 14,241 (a) Loans (other than purchased credit-impaired loans and those for which the fair value option have been elected) are presented net of unamortized discounts and premiums and net deferred loan fees or costs. These amounts were not material as of  December 31, 2017 ,  2016 ,  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 . (b) Certain prior period amounts have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.     291 Maturities and sensitivity to changes in interest rates The table below sets forth, at  December 31, 2017 , wholesale loan maturity and distribution between fixed and floating interest rates based on the stated terms of the loan agreements. The table below also presents loans by loan class that are presented in Wholesale credit portfolio on  pages 108–116  and Note  12 . The table does not include the impact of derivative instruments. December 31, 2017 (in millions) Within 1 year  (a)   1-5 years   After 5 years   Total U.S.               Commercial and industrial $ 15,403   $ 67,056   $ 11,063   $ 93,522 Real estate 8,044   25,054   79,464   112,562 Financial institutions 15,176   7,699   944   23,819 Government agencies 1,644   4,182   6,777   12,603 Other 23,274   42,702   3,626   69,602 Total U.S. 63,541   146,693   101,874   312,108 Non-U.S.               Commercial and industrial 11,648   14,708   2,877   29,233 Real estate 834   2,460   8   3,302 Financial institutions 12,716   4,109   20   16,845 Government agencies 149   1,955   802   2,906 Other 33,383   9,788   940   44,111 Total non-U.S. 58,730   33,020   4,647   96,397 Total wholesale loans $ 122,271   $ 179,713   $ 106,521   $ 408,505 Loans at fixed interest rates     $ 13,561   $ 13,310     Loans at variable interest rates     166,152   93,211     Total wholesale loans     $ 179,713   $ 106,521     (a) Includes demand loans and overdrafts. Risk elements The following tables set forth nonperforming assets, contractually past-due assets, and accruing restructured loans by portfolio segment and loan class that are presented in Credit and Investment Risk Management on  page 101 ,  page 103  and  page 108 , at the periods indicated. December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013 Nonperforming assets                   U.S. nonaccrual loans:                   Consumer, excluding credit card loans $ 4,209   $ 4,820   $ 5,413   $ 6,509   $ 7,496 Credit card loans —   —   —   —   — Total U.S. nonaccrual consumer loans 4,209   4,820   5,413   6,509   7,496 Wholesale:                   Commercial and industrial 703   1,145   315   184   317 Real estate 95   148   175   237   338 Financial institutions 2   4   4   12   19 Government agencies —   —   —   —   1 Other 137   198   86   59   97 Total U.S. wholesale nonaccrual loans 937   1,495   580   492   772 Total U.S. nonaccrual loans 5,146   6,315   5,993   7,001   8,268 Non-U.S. nonaccrual loans:                   Consumer, excluding credit card loans —   —   —   —   — Credit card loans —   —   —   —   — Total non-U.S. nonaccrual consumer loans —   —   —   —   — Wholesale:                   Commercial and industrial 654   454   314   21   116 Real estate 41   52   63   23   88 Financial institutions —   5   6   7   8 Government agencies —   —   —   —   — Other 102   57   53   81   60 Total non-U.S. wholesale nonaccrual loans 797   568   436   132   272 Total non-U.S. nonaccrual loans 797   568   436   132   272 Total nonaccrual loans 5,943   6,883   6,429   7,133   8,540 Derivative receivables 130   223   204   275   415 Assets acquired in loan satisfactions 353   429   401   559   751 Nonperforming assets $ 6,426   $ 7,535   $ 7,034   $ 7,967   $ 9,706 Memo:                   Loans held-for-sale $ —   $ 162   $ 101   $ 95   $ 26 Loans at fair value —   —   25   21   197 Total loans held-for-sale and loans at fair value $ —   $ 162   $ 126   $ 116   $ 223 292     December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013 Contractually past-due loans (a)                   U.S. loans:                   Consumer, excluding credit card loans (b) $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ — Credit card loans 1,378   1,143   944   893   997 Total U.S. consumer loans 1,378   1,143   944   893   997 Wholesale:                   Commercial and industrial 107   86   6   14   14 Real estate 12   2   15   33   14 Financial institutions 14   12   1   —   — Government agencies 4   4   6   —   — Other 2   19   28   26   16 Total U.S. wholesale loans 139   123   56   73   44 Total U.S. loans 1,517   1,266   1,000   966   1,041 Non-U.S. loans:                   Consumer, excluding credit card loans —   —   —   —   — Credit card loans 1   2   —   2   25 Total non-U.S. consumer loans 1   2   —   2   25 Wholesale:                   Commercial and industrial 1   —   1   —   — Real estate —   —   —   —   — Financial institutions 1   9   10   —   6 Government agencies —   —   —   —   — Other —   —   —   3   — Total non-U.S. wholesale loans 2   9   11   3   6 Total non-U.S. loans 3   11   11   5   31 Total contractually past due loans $ 1,520   $ 1,277   $ 1,011   $ 971   $ 1,072 (a) Represents accruing loans past-due 90 days or more as to principal and interest, which are not characterized as nonaccrual loans. Excludes PCI loans which are accounted for on a pool basis. Since each pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows, the past-due status of the pools, or that of individual loans within the pools, is not meaningful. The Firm is recognizing interest income on each pool of loans as each of the pools is performing. (b) At  December 31, 2017 ,  2016 ,  2015 ,  2014  and  2013 , excluded loans 90 or more days past due and still accruing as follows: (1) mortgage loans insured by U.S. government agencies of $2.7 billion, $2.7 billion, $2.8 billion, $3.4 billion and $3.2 billion, respectively; and (2) student loans insured by U.S. government agencies under the FFELP of zero, $263 million, $290 million, $367 million and $428 million, respectively. These amounts have been excluded from the nonaccrual loans based upon the government guarantee. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform with current period presentation. December 31, (in millions) 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013 Accruing restructured loans (a)                   U.S.:                   Consumer, excluding credit card loans $ 4,993   $ 5,561   $ 5,980   $ 7,814   $ 9,173 Credit card loans (b) 1,215   1,240   1,465   2,029   3,115 Total U.S. consumer loans 6,208   6,801   7,445   9,843   12,288 Wholesale:                   Commercial and industrial 32   34   12   10   — Real estate 5   11   28   31   27 Financial institutions 79   —   —   —   — Other —   4   —   1   3 Total U.S. wholesale loans 116   49   40   42   30 Total U.S. 6,324   6,850   7,485   9,885   12,318 Non-U.S.:                   Consumer, excluding credit card loans —   —   —   —   — Credit card loans (b) —   —   —   —   — Total non-U.S. consumer loans —   —   —   —   — Wholesale:                   Commercial and industrial 10   17   —   —   — Real estate —   —   —   —   — Financial institutions 11   —   —   —   — Other —   —   —   —   — Total non-U.S. wholesale loans 21   17   —   —   — Total non-U.S. 21   17   —   —   — Total accruing restructured notes $ 6,345   $ 6,867   $ 7,485   $ 9,885   $ 12,318 (a) Represents performing loans modified in TDRs in which an economic concession was granted by the Firm and the borrower has demonstrated its ability to repay the loans according to the terms of the restructuring. As defined in U.S. GAAP, concessions include the reduction of interest rates or the deferral of interest or principal payments, resulting from deterioration in the borrowers’ financial condition. Excludes nonaccrual assets and contractually past-due assets, which are included in the sections above. (b) Includes credit card loans that have been modified in a TDR. For a discussion of nonaccrual loans, past-due loan accounting policies, and accruing restructured loans see Credit and Investment Risk Management on  pages 99–120 , and Note  12 .     293 Impact of nonaccrual loans and accruing restructured loans on interest income The negative impact on interest income from nonaccrual loans represents the difference between the amount of interest income that would have been recorded on such nonaccrual loans according to their original contractual terms had they been performing and the amount of interest that actually was recognized on a cash basis. The negative impact on interest income from accruing restructured loans represents the difference between the amount of interest income that would have been recorded on such loans according to their original contractual terms and the amount of interest that actually was recognized under the modified terms. The following table sets forth this data for the years specified. The change in forgone interest income from  2015  through  2017  was primarily driven by the change in the levels of nonaccrual loans.  Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Nonaccrual loans       U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms $ 367 $ 464 $ 513 Interest that was recognized in income (175 ) (207 ) (225 ) Total U.S. consumer, excluding credit card 192 257 288 Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total U.S. credit card — — — Total U.S. consumer 192 257 288 Wholesale:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 46 56 24 Interest that was recognized in income (30 ) (5 ) (10 ) Total U.S. wholesale 16 51 14 Negative impact  —  U.S. 208 308 302 Non-U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. credit card — — — Total non-U.S. consumer — — — Wholesale:         Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 24 25 13 Interest that was recognized in income (12 ) (2 ) (6 ) Total non-U.S. wholesale 12 23 7 Negative impact  —  non-U.S. 12 23 7 Total negative impact on interest income $ 220 $ 331 $ 309 294     Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 Accruing restructured loans       U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms $ 401 $ 451 $ 485 Interest that was recognized in income (245 ) (256 ) (286 ) Total U.S. consumer, excluding credit card 156 195 199 Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 202 207 260 Interest that was recognized in income (59 ) (63 ) (82 ) Total U.S. credit card 143 144 178 Total U.S. consumer 299 339 377 Wholesale:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms 13 2 2 Interest that was recognized in income (13 ) (2 ) (2 ) Total U.S. wholesale — — — Negative impact — U.S. 299 339 377 Non-U.S.:       Consumer, excluding credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — Credit card:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. credit card — — — Total non-U.S. consumer — — — Wholesale:       Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded at the original terms — — — Interest that was recognized in income — — — Total non-U.S. wholesale — — — Negative impact — non-U.S. — — — Total negative impact on interest income $ 299 $ 339 $ 377     295 Cross-border outstandings  Cross-border disclosure is based on the FFIEC guidelines governing the determination of cross-border risk. The reporting of country exposure under the FFIEC bank regulatory requirements provides information on the distribution, by country and sector, of claims on, and liabilities to, foreign residents held by U.S. banks and bank holding companies and is used by the regulatory agencies to determine the presence of credit and related risks,    including transfer and country risk. Country location under the FFIEC bank regulatory reporting is based on where the entity or counterparty is legally established. JPMorgan Chase ’s total cross-border exposure tends to fluctuate greatly, and the amount of exposure at year-end tends to be a function of timing rather than representing a consistent trend. For a further discussion of  JPMorgan Chase ’s country risk exposure, see Country Risk Management on  pages 129–130 . The following table lists all countries in which  JPMorgan Chase ’s cross-border outstandings exceed 0.75% of consolidated assets as of the dates specified. Cross-border outstandings exceeding 0.75% of total assets (in millions) December 31, Governments Banks Other (a) Net local  country  assets Total  cross-border outstandings (b) Commitments (c) Total exposure Germany 2017 $ 17,166 $ 5,357 $ 19,504 $ 20,117 $ 62,144 $ 65,333 $ 127,477   2016 22,332 2,118 14,310 25,269 64,029 71,981 136,010   2015 19,817 2,028 8,455 — 30,300 106,104 136,404 Cayman Islands 2017 $ 5 $ 462 $ 61,302 $ 58 $ 61,827 $ 12,361 $ 74,188   2016 18 107 74,810 84 75,019 10,708 85,727   2015 — 153 76,160 35 76,348 12,708 89,056 Japan 2017 $ 606 $ 17,617 $ 12,256 $ 25,229 $ 55,708 $ 52,928 $ 108,636   2016 865 16,522 5,209 48,505 71,101 52,448 123,549   2015 367 12,556 3,972 29,348 46,243 47,069 93,312 France 2017 $ 11,982 $ 6,828 $ 15,399 $ 2,471 $ 36,680 $ 83,572 $ 120,252   2016 10,871 4,076 26,195 3,723 44,865 88,256 133,121   2015 9,139 5,780 21,199 2,890 39,008 127,159 166,167 Italy 2017 $ 11,376 $ 4,628 $ 4,526 $ 611 $ 21,141 $ 61,005 $ 82,146   2016 12,290 4,760 4,487 848 22,385 62,382 84,767   2015 12,313 3,618 6,331 732 22,994 89,712 112,706 Ireland 2017 $ 630 $ 318 $ 19,669 $ — $ 20,617 $ 5,728 $ 26,345   2016 148 664 18,916 — 19,728 5,469 25,197   2015 67 952 12,436 — 13,455 8,024 21,479 (a) Consists primarily of commercial and industrial. (b) Outstandings include loans and accrued interest receivable, interest-bearing deposits with banks, acceptances, resale agreements, other monetary assets, cross-border trading debt and equity instruments, fair value of foreign exchange and derivative contracts, and local country assets, net of local country liabilities. The amounts associated with foreign exchange and derivative contracts are presented after taking into account the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements. (c) Commitments include outstanding letters of credit, undrawn commitments to extend credit, and the gross notional value of credit derivatives where  JPMorgan Chase  is a protection seller. 296     The tables below summarize the changes in the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for lending-related commitments during the periods indicated. For a further discussion, see Allowance for credit losses on  pages 117–119 , and Note  13 . Allowance for loan losses           Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Balance at beginning of year $ 13,776 $ 13,555 $ 14,185 $ 16,264 $ 21,936 U.S. charge-offs           U.S. consumer, excluding credit card 1,779 1,500 1,658 2,132 2,754 U.S. credit card 4,521 3,799 3,475 3,682 4,358 Total U.S. consumer charge-offs 6,300 5,299 5,133 5,814 7,112 U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 87 240 63 44 150 Real estate 3 7 6 14 51 Financial institutions — — 5 14 1 Government agencies 5 — — 25 1 Other 19 13 6 22 9 Total U.S. wholesale charge-offs 114 260 80 119 212 Total U.S. charge-offs 6,414 5,559 5,213 5,933 7,324 Non-U.S. charge-offs           Non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — — Non-U.S. credit card — — 13 149 114 Total non-U.S. consumer charge-offs — — 13 149 114 Non-U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial 89 134 5 27 5 Real estate — 1 — 4 11 Financial institutions 7 1 — — — Government agencies — — — — — Other 2 2 10 1 13 Total non-U.S. wholesale charge-offs 98 138 15 32 29 Total non-U.S. charge-offs 98 138 28 181 143 Total charge-offs 6,512 5,697 5,241 6,114 7,467 U.S. recoveries           U.S. consumer, excluding credit card (634 ) (591 ) (704 ) (814 ) (847 ) U.S. credit card (398 ) (357 ) (364 ) (383 ) (568 ) Total U.S. consumer recoveries (1,032 ) (948 ) (1,068 ) (1,197 ) (1,415 ) U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial (55 ) (10 ) (32 ) (49 ) (27 ) Real estate (6 ) (15 ) (20 ) (27 ) (56 ) Financial institutions — (3 ) (8 ) (12 ) (90 ) Government agencies — (1 ) (8 ) — — Other (15 ) (3 ) (3 ) (36 ) (6 ) Total U.S. wholesale recoveries (76 ) (32 ) (71 ) (124 ) (179 ) Total U.S. recoveries (1,108 ) (980 ) (1,139 ) (1,321 ) (1,594 ) Non-U.S. recoveries           Non-U.S. consumer, excluding credit card — — — — — Non-U.S. credit card — — (2 ) (19 ) (25 ) Total non-U.S. consumer recoveries — — (2 ) (19 ) (25 ) Non-U.S. wholesale:           Commercial and industrial (4 ) (18 ) (10 ) — (29 ) Real estate (1 ) — — — — Financial institutions (1 ) — (2 ) (14 ) (10 ) Government agencies — — — — — Other (11 ) (7 ) (2 ) (1 ) (7 ) Total non-U.S. wholesale recoveries (17 ) (25 ) (14 ) (15 ) (46 ) Total non-U.S. recoveries (17 ) (25 ) (16 ) (34 ) (71 ) Total recoveries (1,125 ) (1,005 ) (1,155 ) (1,355 ) (1,665 ) Net charge-offs 5,387 4,692 4,086 4,759 5,802 Write-offs of PCI loans (a) 86 156 208 533 53 Provision for loan losses 5,300 5,080 3,663 3,224 188 Other 1 (11 ) 1 (11 ) (5 ) Balance at year-end $ 13,604 $ 13,776 $ 13,555 $ 14,185 $ 16,264 (a) Write-offs of PCI loans are recorded against the allowance for loan losses when actual losses for a pool exceed estimated losses that were recorded as purchase accounting adjustments at the time of acquisition. A write-off of a PCI loan is recognized when the underlying loan is removed from a pool (e.g., upon liquidation). During 2014 the Firm recorded a $291 million adjustment to reduce the PCI allowance and the recorded investment in the Firm’s PCI loan portfolio, primarily reflecting the cumulative effect of interest forgiveness modifications. This adjustment had no impact to the Firm’s Consolidated statements of income.     297 Summary of loan and lending-related commitments loss experience Allowance for lending-related commitments Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Balance at beginning of year $ 1,078 $ 786 $ 622 $ 705 $ 668 Provision for lending-related commitments (10 ) 281 164 (85 ) 37 Net charge-offs — — — — — Other — 11 — 2 — Balance at year-end $ 1,068 $ 1,078 $ 786 $ 622 $ 705 Loan loss analysis           As of or for the year ended December 31,  (in millions, except ratios) 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Balances           Loans – average $ 906,397 $ 866,378 $ 787,318 $ 739,175 $ 726,450 Loans – year-end 930,697 894,765 837,299 757,336 738,418 Net charge-offs (a) 5,387 4,692 4,086 4,759 5,802 Allowance for loan losses:           U.S. $ 12,552 $ 12,738 $ 12,704 $ 13,472 $ 15,382 Non-U.S. 1,052 1,038 851 713 882 Total allowance for loan losses $ 13,604 $ 13,776 $ 13,555 $ 14,185 $ 16,264 Nonaccrual loans $ 5,943 $ 6,883 $ 6,429 $ 7,133 $ 8,540 Ratios           Net charge-offs to:           Loans retained – average 0.60 % 0.54 % 0.52 % 0.65 % 0.81 % Allowance for loan losses 39.60 34.06 30.14 33.55 35.67 Allowance for loan losses to:           Loans retained – year-end (b) 1.47 1.55 1.63 1.90 2.25 Nonaccrual loans retained 229 205 215 202 196 (a) There were no net charge-offs/(recoveries) on lending-related commitments in  2017 ,  2016 ,  2015 ,  2014  or  2013 . (b) The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of retained loans declined from  2013  to  2017 , due to improvement in credit quality of the consumer and wholesale credit portfolios. For a more detailed discussion of the  2015  through  2017  provision for credit losses, see Provision for credit losses on  page 119 . 298     Deposits The following table provides a summary of the average balances and average interest rates of JPMorgan Chase’s various deposits for the years indicated. Year ended December 31, Average balances   Average interest rates (in millions, except interest rates) 2017   2016   2015   2017   2016   2015 U.S. offices                       Noninterest-bearing $ 387,424   $ 386,528   $ 403,143   — %   — %   — % Interest-bearing                       Demand (a)(c) 162,985   128,046   78,516   0.50   0.18   0.11 Savings (b) 559,654   515,982   475,142   0.15   0.09   0.07 Time 53,410   59,710   85,098   1.02   0.59   0.38 Total interest-bearing deposits (c) 776,049   703,738   638,756   0.29   0.15   0.12 Total deposits in U.S. offices (c) 1,163,473   1,090,266   1,041,899   0.19   0.09   0.07 Non-U.S. offices                       Noninterest-bearing 16,741   16,170   15,805   —   —   — Interest-bearing                       Demand (c) 213,733   198,919   197,572   0.18   0.10   0.12 Savings —   —   —   NM   NM   NM Time (c) 23,439   22,613   40,512   1.08   0.56   0.60 Total interest-bearing deposits (c) 237,172   221,532   238,084   0.27   0.15   0.21 Total deposits in non-U.S. offices (c) 253,913   237,702   253,889   0.25   0.14   0.19 Total deposits $ 1,417,386   $ 1,327,968   $ 1,295,788   0.20 %   0.10 %   0.10 % (a) Includes Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (“NOW”) accounts, and certain trust accounts. (b) Includes Money Market Deposit Accounts (“MMDAs”). (c) Prior periods have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. At December 31,  2017 , other U.S. time deposits in denominations of $100,000 or more totaled  $23.1 billion , substantially all of which mature in three months or less. In addition, the table below presents the maturities for U.S. time certificates of deposit in denominations of $100,000 or more. By remaining maturity at December 31, 2017  (in millions) Three months or less   Over three months but within six months   Over six months  but within 12 months   Over 12 months   Total U.S. time certificates of deposit ($100,000 or more) $ 6,425   $ 2,174   $ 2,095   $ 6,207   $ 16,901     299 Short-term and other borrowed funds  The following table provides a summary of JPMorgan Chase’s short-term and other borrowed funds for the years indicated. As of or for the year ended December 31, (in millions, except rates) 2017   2016   2015 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements:           Balance at year-end $ 158,916   $ 165,666   $ 152,678 Average daily balance during the year 187,386   178,720   192,510 Maximum month-end balance 205,286   207,211   212,112 Weighted-average rate at December 31 1.03 %   0.50 %   0.39 % Weighted-average rate during the year 0.86   0.61   0.32             Commercial paper:           Balance at year-end $ 24,186   $ 11,738   $ 15,562 Average daily balance during the year 19,920   15,001   38,140 Maximum month-end balance 24,934   19,083   64,012 Weighted-average rate at December 31 1.59 %   1.13 %   0.55 % Weighted-average rate during the year 1.39   0.90   0.29             Other borrowed funds: (a)           Balance at year-end $ 87,652   $ 89,154   $ 80,126 Average daily balance during the year 96,331   93,252   93,001 Maximum month-end balance 107,157   102,310   99,226 Weighted-average rate at December 31 2.09 %   1.79 %   1.89 % Weighted-average rate during the year 1.98   1.93   1.84             Short-term beneficial interests : (b)           Commercial paper and other borrowed funds:           Balance at year-end $ 4,310   $ 5,688   $ 11,322 Average daily balance during the year 5,327   8,296   15,608 Maximum month-end balance 7,573   10,494   17,137 Weighted-average rate at December 31 1.50 %   0.83 %   0.41 % Weighted-average rate during the year 1.07   0.67   0.32 (a) Includes interest-bearing securities sold but not yet purchased. (b) Included on the Consolidated balance sheets in beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs. Federal funds purchased represent overnight funds. Securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements generally mature between one and ninety days. Commercial paper generally is issued in amounts not less than $100,000, and with maturities of 270 days or less. Other borrowed funds consist of demand notes, term federal funds purchased, and various other borrowings that generally have maturities of one year or less. 300     Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on behalf of the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   JPMorgan Chase & Co.         (Registrant)   By: /s/ JAMES DIMON     (James Dimon  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   February 27, 2018 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the date indicated. JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not exercise the power of attorney to sign on behalf of any Director.     Capacity   Date /s/ JAMES DIMON   Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)     (James Dimon)                 /s/ LINDA B. BAMMANN   Director     (Linda B. Bammann)                   /s/ JAMES A. BELL   Director      (James A. Bell)                   /s/ CRANDALL C. BOWLES   Director      (Crandall C. Bowles)                   /s/ STEPHEN B. BURKE   Director      (Stephen B. Burke)                   /s/ TODD A. COMBS   Director      (Todd A. Combs)                   /s/ JAMES S. CROWN   Director    February 27, 2018 (James S. Crown)                   /s/ TIMOTHY P. FLYNN   Director      (Timothy P. Flynn)                   /s/ LABAN P. JACKSON, JR.   Director      (Laban P. Jackson, Jr.)                   /s/ MICHAEL A. NEAL   Director     (Michael A. Neal)                   /s/ LEE R. RAYMOND   Director      (Lee R. Raymond)                   /s/ WILLIAM C. WELDON   Director       (William C. Weldon)                   /s/ MARIANNE LAKE   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial Officer)     (Marianne Lake)                 /s/ NICOLE GILES   Managing Director and Corporate Controller  (Principal Accounting Officer)     (Nicole Giles)           301 	 
 
 
 
