
 10-K
 1
 wcc-12312014x10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 WCC-12.31.2014-10K 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) þ   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 or o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the transition period from                        to                        Commission file number 001-14989 WESCO International, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   25-1723342 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)       225 West Station Square Drive Suite 700 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (Address of principal executive offices)   15219 (Zip Code) (412) 454-2200 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: Title of Class   Name of Exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $.01 per share   New York Stock Exchange SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:  None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes  o  No  þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days. Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such file). Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer  þ   Accelerated filer  o   Non-accelerated filer  o   Smaller reporting company  o         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes  o  No  þ The registrant estimates that the aggregate market value of the voting shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately  $3,817.0 million  as of  June 30, 2014 , the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange for such stock. As of  February 20, 2015 ,  44,562,948  shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the registrant were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates by reference portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for its  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 1 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2014   TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page PART I   Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 14 Item 2. Properties 14 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 14 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15     PART II   Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 15 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 18 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 34 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 36 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosur e 75 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 75 Item 9B. Other Information 76     PART III   Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 77 Item 11. Executive Compensation 77 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 77 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 77 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 77     PART IV   Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 78 Signatures 82  EX-10.33  EX-10.34  EX-10.35  EX-10.36  EX-21.1  EX-23.1  EX-31.1  EX-31.2  EX-32.1  EX-32.2  EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT  EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT  EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT  EX-101 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT  EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT  EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 1 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. In this Annual Report on   Form 10-K, “WESCO” refers to WESCO International, Inc., and its subsidiaries and its predecessors unless the context otherwise requires. References to “we,” “us,” “our” and the “Company” refer to WESCO and its subsidiaries. The Company WESCO International, Inc. (“WESCO International”), incorporated in 1993 and effectively formed in February 1994 upon acquiring a distribution business from Westinghouse Electric Corporation, is a leading North American based distributor of products and provider of advanced supply chain management and logistics services used primarily in industrial, construction, utility and commercial, institutional and government (“CIG”) markets. We are a leading provider of electrical, industrial, and communications maintenance, repair and operating (“MRO”) and original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”) products, construction materials, and advanced supply chain management and logistics services. Our primary product categories include general electrical and industrial supplies, wire, cable and conduit, data and broadband communications, power distribution equipment, lighting and lighting control systems, control and automation, motors, and safety.  We serve over  75,000  active customers globally through approximately  485  full service branches and nine distribution centers located in the United States, Canada, and Mexico with operations in  16  additional countries.  The Company employs approximately  9,400  employees worldwide. We distribute over 1,000,000 products, grouped into six categories, from more than  25,000  suppliers utilizing a highly automated, proprietary electronic procurement and inventory replenishment system.  In addition, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of value-added capabilities, which includes supply chain management, logistics and transportation, procurement, warehousing and inventory management, as well as kitting, limited assembly of products and system installation. Our value-added capabilities, extensive geographic reach, experienced workforce and broad product and supply chain solutions have enabled us to grow our business and establish a leading position in North America. Industry Overview We operate in highly fragmented markets that include thousands of small regional and locally based, privately owned competitors. According to one industry publication, in 2013, the latest year for which market share data is available, the five largest North American electrical distributors, including WESCO, accounted for only approximately 32% of all industry sales in North America. Our global account, integrated supply and OEM programs provide customers with a regional, national, North American and global supply chain consolidation opportunities. The demand for these programs has grown in recent years, driven primarily by the desire of companies to reduce operating expenses by outsourcing operational and administrative functions associated with the procurement, management and utilization of MRO supplies and OEM components. We believe that significant opportunities exist for further expansion of these programs. The total potential in the United States for purchases of MRO and OEM supplies and services across all industrial distribution market segments and channels is estimated to be greater than $500 billion per an industry study. According to management estimates, electrical distribution industry sales have grown at an approximately 4% compound annual rate over the past 20 years. This expansion has been driven by general economic growth, increased price levels for key commodities, increased use of electrical products in businesses and industries, new products and technologies, the proliferation of enhanced building and safety codes, and use of the Internet. Wholesale distributors have also grown as a result of a long-term shift in procurement preferences that favor the use of distributors over direct relationships with manufacturers.  It is estimated that approximately 75% of electrical products sold in the United States are delivered to the end user through the distribution channel.   2 Table of Contents Markets and Customers We have a large base of over  75,000  active customers across a diverse set of end markets. Our top ten customers accounted for approximately 10% of our sales in  2014 . No one customer accounted for more than 2% of our sales in  2014 . The following table outlines our sales breakdown by end market: Year Ended December 31, 2014   2013   2012 (percentages based on total sales)           Industrial 42%   43%   44% Construction 31%   32%   32% Utility 14%   13%   12% Commercial, Institutional and Governmental 13%   12%   12% Industrial.  Sales to industrial customers of MRO, OEM, and construction products and services accounted for approximately  42%  of our sales in  2014 , compared to  43%  in  2013 . Industrial sales product categories include a broad range of electrical equipment and supplies as well as lubricants, pipe, valves, fittings, fasteners, cutting tools, power transmission, and safety products. In addition, OEM customers require a reliable supply of assemblies and components to incorporate into their own products as well as value-added services such as supplier consolidation, design and technical support, just-in-time supply and electronic commerce, and supply chain management. Construction.  Sales of electrical and communications products to contractors accounted for approximately  31%  of our sales in  2014 , compared to  32%  in  2013 . Customers include a wide array of contractors and engineering, procurement and construction firms for industrial, infrastructure, commercial and data and broadband communications projects. Specific applications include projects for refineries, railways, hospitals, wastewater treatment facilities, data centers, security installations, offices, and modular and mobile homes. In addition to a wide array of electrical products, we offer contractors communications products for projects related to IT/network modernization, physical security upgrades, broadband deployments, network security, and disaster recovery. Utility.  Sales to utilities and utility contractors accounted for approximately  14%  of our sales in  2014 , compared to  13%  in  2013 . Customers include large investor-owned utilities, rural electric cooperatives, municipal power authorities and contractors that serve these customers. We provide our utility customers with products and services to support the construction and maintenance of their generation, transmission and distribution systems along with an extensive range of products that meet their power plant MRO and capital projects needs. Materials management and procurement outsourcing arrangements are also important in this market, as cost pressures and deregulation have caused utility customers to seek improvements in the efficiency and effectiveness of their supply chains. Commercial, Institutional and Governmental.  Sales to CIG customers accounted for approximately  13%  of our sales in  2014 , compared to  12%  in  2013 . Customers include schools, hospitals, property management firms, retailers and federal, state and local government agencies of all types, including federal contractors. Business Strategy Our goal is to grow organically at a rate greater than that of our industry while also making accretive acquisitions. Our organic growth strategy leverages our existing strengths and focuses on initiatives to enhance our sales and customer service, develop new end markets, broaden our product and service offerings and expand our geographic footprint. We utilize LEAN continuous improvement initiatives on a company-wide basis to deliver operational excellence and improve productivity. We also extend our LEAN initiatives to customers to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their operations and supply chains. In addition, we seek to generate a distinct competitive advantage through talent management and employee development processes and programs. We have identified certain growth engines that we believe provide substantial opportunities for above market growth, and have developed strategies to address each of these areas of opportunity. These growth engines are a combination of business models, selected end markets and product categories, as discussed below. Grow Our Global Account Customer Relationships and Base.  Our typical global account customer is a Fortune 1000 industrial or commercial company, a large utility, a major contractor, or a governmental or institutional customer, in each case with multiple locations. Our global account program is designed to provide customers with supply chain management services and cost reductions by coordinating and standardizing activity for MRO materials and OEM direct materials across their multiple locations utilizing our broad geographic footprint and our largely integrated information technology platform. Comprehensive implementation plans are managed at the local, national and international levels to prioritize activities, identify  3 Table of Contents key performance measures, and track progress against objectives. We involve our preferred suppliers early in the implementation process, where they can contribute expertise and product knowledge to accelerate program implementation and achievement of cost savings and process improvements. Growth from our global account programs is an important component of our organic growth strategy. Our objective is to continue to increase revenue from our global account programs by expanding our product and service offerings to existing global account customers and expanding our reach to serve additional customer locations. We also plan on expanding our customer base by capitalizing on our industry expertise and supply chain optimization capabilities. Extend Our Position in Integrated Supply Programs.  Our integrated supply programs are focused on customers in the industrial, utility, construction and CIG markets. We combine our personnel, product and distribution expertise, electronic commerce technologies, and service capabilities with the customer's own internal resources to meet particular service requirements. Each integrated supply program is configured to reduce the number of suppliers, total procurement costs, and administrative expenses as well as improve operating controls. Our integrated supply programs focus on supply chain optimization and replace the traditional multi-vendor, resource-intensive procurement process with a single, outsourced, automated process. Our services range from timely product delivery to an outsourced procurement function. We believe that large customers will increasingly seek to utilize such services to consolidate and manage their MRO and OEM supply chains. We are expanding our position in North America as an integrated supply service provider by building upon established relationships within our large customer base and premier supplier network, and extending our services to additional customers and locations around the world. Expand Our Relationships with Construction Contractors.  Our construction sales are focused on contractors, particularly those involved with healthcare, government facilities, enterprise data communications, telecommunication and energy and government infrastructure-related projects. We are involved in greenfield and retrofit projects, and we believe that significant cross selling opportunities exist for electrical and communications products and we intend to use our global account and integrated supply programs, LEAN initiatives and project management expertise to capitalize on construction business opportunities. Expand Products and Services for Utilities.  Our utility customers continue to focus on improving grid reliability as well as improving their operating efficiency and reducing costs.  As a result, we anticipate an increase in distribution grid improvement and transmission expansion projects as well as the adoption of integrated supply programs. Accordingly, we are focused on expanding our logistical and project services, integrated supply services and project management programs to increase our scope of supply on distribution grid, generation and other energy projects, including alternative energy projects. Investing in Industrial MRO and Safety.  Our sales of industrial maintenance, repair, and operating supply (MRO) materials include a broad range of electrical and non-electrical products used in the ongoing maintenance and repair of equipment used in production processes. These products are also used for facility upkeep in manufacturing, commercial, institutional, and other operations. In addition, through two acquisitions, we have expanded our safety products, personal protection safety equipment, first aid supplies, and OSHA compliance categories to complement the industrial MRO product lines. Expand International Operations.  We seek to capitalize on existing and emerging international market opportunities through local business development and the expansion of our global product and service platforms while taking advantage of acquisitions that expand our global footprint. We target large, growing markets where we can leverage our value proposition and relationships with key customers and suppliers. We believe this strategy of working with well-developed customer and supplier relationships significantly reduces risk and provides the opportunity to establish profitable business. Our priorities are focused on global vertical markets including energy, mining and metals, manufacturing, and infrastructure, as well as key product categories such as communications and security. Additionally, we are extending our procurement outsourcing and integrated supply programs following large, existing customers into international markets. Grow Our Communications Products Position.  Over the last several years, there has been a convergence of electrical and data communications contractors. Our ability to provide both electrical and communications products and services lines as well as automation, electromechanical, non-electrical MRO, physical security and utility products has presented cross selling opportunities across WESCO. Communications products have continued to be in demand due to networking upgrades, low voltage security investments, data center upgrades and increasing broadband and telecommunications utilization. Grow Lighting System and Sustainability Sales.  Lighting applications are undergoing significant innovation driven by energy efficiency and sustainability trends. We expanded our sales team and marketing initiatives and will continue to add resources in this product category and in product and service offerings to provide overall energy solutions.  Pursue Strategic Acquisitions . In 2014, we acquired three businesses: LaPrairie, Inc. ("LaPrairie"), Hazmasters, Inc. ("Hazmasters"), and Hi-Line Utility Supply ("Hi-Line"). We believe that the highly fragmented nature of the electrical and industrial distribution industry will continue to provide acquisition opportunities. We expect that any future acquisitions will be financed with internally generated funds, additional debt and/or the issuance of equity securities. 4 Table of Contents Drive Operational Excellence . LEAN continuous improvement is a set of company-wide strategic initiatives to increase efficiency and effectiveness across the entire business enterprise, including sales, operations and administrative processes. The basic principles behind LEAN are to systematically identify and implement improvements through simplification, elimination of waste and reduction in errors. We apply LEAN in our distribution environment, and develop and deploy numerous initiatives through the Kaizen approach targeting improvements in sales, margin, warehouse operations, transportation, purchasing, inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and administrative processes. Our objective is to continue to implement LEAN initiatives across our business enterprise and to extend LEAN services to our customers and suppliers. Talent Management.  Our strategy is to develop a distinct competitive advantage through talent management and employee engagement and development. We believe our ability to attract, develop and retain diverse human capital is imperative to ongoing business success. We improve workforce capability through various programs and processes that identify, recruit, develop and promote our talent base. Significant enhancements in these programs have been made over the last several years, and we expect to continue to refine and enhance these programs in the future. Products and Services Products Our network of branches and distribution centers stock more than 250,000 unique product stock keeping units and we provide customers with access to more than 1,000,000 different products. Each branch tailors its inventory to meet the needs of its local customers. Representative product categories and associated product lines that we offer include: • General and Industrial Supplies.  Wiring devices, fuses, terminals, connectors, boxes, enclosures, fittings, lugs, terminations, tape, splicing and marking equipment, tools and testers, safety and security, personal protection, abrasives, cutting tools, tapes, consumables, fasteners, janitorial and other MRO supplies; • Wire, Cable and Conduit.  Wire, cable, raceway, metallic and non-metallic conduit; • Data and Broadband Communications.  Structured cabling systems, broadband products, low voltage specialty systems, specialty wire and cable products, equipment racks and cabinets, access control, alarms, cameras, paging and voice solutions; • Power Distribution Equipment.  Circuit breakers, transformers, switchboards, panel boards, metering products and busway products; • Lighting and Controls.  Lamps, fixtures, ballasts and lighting control products; and • Control, Automation and Motors.  Motor control devices, drives, surge and power protection, relays, timers, pushbuttons, operator interfaces, switches, sensors, and interconnects. The following table sets forth sales information about our sales by product category: Year Ended December 31, 2014   2013   2012 (percentages based on total sales)           General and Industrial Supplies 40%   40%   36% Wire, Cable and Conduit 16%   16%   17% Data and Broadband Communications 14%   14%   15% Power Distribution Equipment 11%   11%   13% Lighting and Controls 10%   10%   9% Control, Automation and Motors 9%   9%   10% We purchase products from a diverse group of more than  25,000  suppliers. In  2014 , our ten largest suppliers accounted for approximately  32%  of our purchases. Our largest supplier in  2014  was Eaton Corporation, accounting for approximately  12%  of our purchases. No other supplier accounted for more than 5% of our total purchases. Our supplier relationships are important to us, providing access to a wide range of products, technical training, and sales and marketing support. We have approximately 300 preferred supplier arrangements with more than 100 firms and purchase nearly 60% of our products pursuant to these arrangements. Consistent with industry practice, most of our agreements with suppliers, including both distribution agreements and preferred supplier agreements, are terminable by either party on 60 days notice or less. 5 Table of Contents Services As part of our overall offering, we provide customers a comprehensive portfolio of value added services which includes more than 50 value add solutions in 11 categories including construction, e-business, energy, engineering services, green and sustainability, production support, safety and security, supply chain optimization, training, and working capital. These solutions are designed to address our customer’s business needs through: • Providing technical support for manufacturing process improvements; • Implementing inventory optimization programs, including just-in-time delivery and vendor managed inventory; • Participating in joint cost savings teams; • Assigning our employees as on-site support personnel; • Consulting and recommending energy-efficient product upgrades; and • Offering safety and product training for customer employees. Competitive Strengths We compete directly with global, national, regional and local distributors of electrical and other industrial supplies. Competition is primarily focused on the local service area, and is generally based on product line breadth, product availability, service capabilities and price. We also compete with buying groups formed by smaller distributors to increase purchasing power and provide some cooperative marketing capability. While increased buying power may improve the competitive position of buying groups locally, we believe it is difficult to coordinate a diverse ownership group to provide consistent quality products and services across multiple geographic regions. Although certain Internet-based procurement service companies, auction businesses and trade exchanges remain in the marketplace, the impact on our business from these competitors has not been significant to date. Market Leadership.  Our ability to manage complex global supply chains, multi-site facility maintenance programs and construction projects that require special sourcing, technical advice, logistical support and locally based service has enabled us to establish a strong presence in our served markets. We have utilized these skills to generate significant revenues in a broad range of industries with intensive use of electrical and industrial products. Broad Product Offering and Value-added Services.  We provide a wide range of products, services and procurement solutions, which draw on our product knowledge, supply and logistics expertise, system capabilities and supplier relationships to enable our customers to maximize productivity, minimize waste, improve efficiencies, reduce costs and enhance safety. Our broad product offering and stable source of supply enables us to consistently meet virtually all of a customer’s capital project, product, MRO and OEM requirements. Extensive Distribution Network.  We operate approximately  485  geographically dispersed branch locations and nine distribution centers (five in the United States and four in Canada). Our distribution centers add value for our customers, suppliers, and branches through the combination of a broad and deep selection of inventory, online ordering, next-day shipment and central order handling and fulfillment. Our distribution center network reduces the lead-time and cost of supply chain activities through automated replenishment and warehouse management systems and economies of scale in purchasing, inventory management, administration and transportation. This extensive network, which would be difficult and expensive to duplicate, provides us with a distinct competitive advantage and allows us to: • Enhance localized customer service, technical support and sales coverage; • Tailor individual branch products and services to local customer needs; and • Offer multi-site distribution capabilities to large customers and global accounts. Low Cost Operator.  Our competitiveness has been enhanced by our consistent favorable operating cost position, which is based on use of LEAN, strategically-located distribution centers, and purchasing economies of scale. As a result of these factors and others, our operating cost as a percentage of sales is one of the lowest in our industry. Our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues for  2014  were  13.6% . 6 Table of Contents Geography Our network of branches and distribution centers are located primarily in North America. We attribute revenues from external customers to individual countries on the basis of the point of sale.  The following table sets forth information about us by geographic area:   Net Sales Year Ended December 31,   Long-Lived Assets December 31,   2014       2013       2012       2014   2013   2012 (In thousands)                                   United States $ 5,618,240   71 %   $ 5,275,275   70 %   $ 5,215,849   79 %   $ 127,670   $ 137,904   $ 144,947 Canada 1,899,173   24 %   1,882,313   25 %   1,084,109   17 %   80,080   93,642   100,366 Mexico 95,585   1 %   90,152   1 %   92,370   1 %   442   615   532 Subtotal North American Operations 7,612,998       7,247,740       6,392,328       208,192   232,161   245,845 Other International 276,628   4 %   265,602   4 %   186,973   3 %   8,213   11,115   6,047 Total $ 7,889,626       $ 7,513,342       $ 6,579,301       $ 216,405   $ 243,276   $ 251,892 United States . To serve our customers in the United States, we operate a network of approximately  320  branches supported by  five  distribution centers located in Pennsylvania, Nevada, Mississippi, Wisconsin, and Arkansas. Sales in the United States represented approximately  71%  of our total sales in  2014 . According to the  Electrical Wholesaling Magazine , the U.S. electrical wholesale distribution industry had estimated sales of approximately $100 billion in 2014. Canada.  To serve our Canadian customers, we operate a network of approximately  120  branches in nine provinces. Branch operations are supported by  four  distribution centers located in Edmonton, Montreal, Toronto, and Vancouver. Sales in Canada represented approximately  24%  of our total sales in  2014 . Total annual electrical industry sales in Canada are approximately $7.5 billion through December 31, 2014 according to a recent publication. Mexico.  We have 10 branch locations in Mexico. Our headquarters in Tlalnepantla Estado de Mexico operates similar to a distribution center to enhance the service capabilities of the local branches. Sales in Mexico represented approximately  1%  of our total sales in  2014 . Other International.  We sell to global customers through export sales offices located  in Miami, Houston, Pittsburgh, Montreal, and Calgary within North America and sales offices and branch operations in various international locations. Sales from other international locations represented approximately  4%  of our total sales in  2014 . Our branches in Aberdeen, Scotland, Dublin, Ireland and Manchester, England support sales efforts in Europe and the Middle East. We have a branch in Singapore to support our sales to Asia, a branch in Perth to serve customers in Australia, and a branch near Shanghai to serve customers in China along with operations in ten additional countries. Many of our international locations have been established to serve our growing list of customers with global operations. Intellectual Property We currently have trademarks, patents and service marks registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and Canadian Intellectual Property Office.  The trademarks and service marks registered in the U.S. include: “WESCO ® ”, our corporate logo and the running man logo.  The Company's "EECOL" trademark is registered in Canada.  In addition, trademarks, patents, and service mark applications have been filed in various foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, Mexico, Chile, the United Kingdom, Singapore, China, Hong Kong, Thailand and the European Community. Environmental Matters Our facilities and operations are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. Some of these laws and regulations may impose strict, joint and several liabilities on certain persons for the cost of investigation or remediation of contaminated properties. These persons may include former, current or future owners or operators of properties and persons who arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances. Our owned and leased real property may give rise to such investigation, remediation and monitoring liabilities under environmental laws. In addition, anyone disposing of certain products we distribute, such as ballasts, fluorescent lighting and batteries, must comply with environmental laws that regulate certain materials in these products. We believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable environmental laws. As a result, we do not anticipate making significant capital expenditures for environmental control matters either in the current year or in the near future. 7 Table of Contents Seasonality Our operating results are not significantly affected by seasonal factors. Sales during the first quarter are affected by a reduced level of activity.  Sales during the second, third and fourth quarters are generally 4 - 6% higher than the first quarter.  Sales typically increase beginning in March, with slight fluctuations per month through October. During periods of economic expansion or contraction our sales by quarter have varied significantly from this seasonal pattern. Website Access Our Internet address is  www.wesco.com . Information contained on our website is not part of, and should not be construed as being incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge under the “Investors” heading on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as well as our Proxy Statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed or furnished, as applicable, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You also may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549-0213. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site at  www.sec.gov  that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers like us who file electronically with the SEC. In addition, our charters for our Executive Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Principles for Senior Executives, Independence Policy, Global Anti-Corruption Policy, and Code of Business Ethics and Conduct for our Directors, officers and employees, are all available on our website in the “Corporate Governance” link under the “Investors” heading. Forward-Looking Information This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve certain unknown risks and uncertainties, including, among others, those contained in Item 1, “Business,” Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words “anticipates,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “intends,” “expects,” “projects,” “will” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. Such statements, including, but not limited to, our statements regarding business strategy, growth strategy, competitive strengths, productivity and profitability enhancement, competition, new product and service introductions and liquidity and capital resources are based on management’s beliefs, as well as on assumptions made by and information currently available to, management, and involve various risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking information will in fact prove to be accurate. We have undertaken no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Executive Officers Our executive officers and their respective ages and positions as of  February 24, 2015 , are set forth below. Name   Age   Position John J. Engel   53   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel A. Brailer   57   Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs Allan A. Duganier   59   Director, Internal Audit Timothy A. Hibbard   58   Vice President and Corporate Controller Diane E. Lazzaris   48   Senior Vice President and General Counsel Kenneth S. Parks   51   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Stephen A. Van Oss   60   Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Kimberly G. Windrow   57   Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer Set forth below is biographical information for our executive officers listed above. 8 Table of Contents John J. Engel  was appointed Chairman of the Board in May 2011 and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2009. Previously, Mr. Engel served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2004 to September 2009. From 2003 to 2004, Mr. Engel served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Gateway, Inc. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Engel served as an Executive Vice President and Senior Vice President of Perkin Elmer, Inc. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Engel served as a Vice President and General Manager of Allied Signal, Inc. and held various engineering, manufacturing and general management positions at General Electric Company from 1985 to 1994. Mr. Engel is also a director of United States Steel Corporation and chairman of its audit committee. Daniel A. Brailer  is our Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs. From February 2011 to February 2012 he served as our Vice President, Treasurer, Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs. From 2006 to February 2011, he served as our Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. From 1999 to 2006, he served as our Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Brailer served in various positions at Mellon Financial Corporation, most recently as Senior Vice President. Allan A. Duganier  has served as our Director of Internal Audit since 2006. From 2001 to 2006, Mr. Duganier served as our Corporate Operations Controller and, from 2000 to 2001, as a Group Controller. Mr. Duganier served as the controller for Rockwell Automation's global Drive Systems business unit from 1995 to 2000. Timothy A. Hibbard  was appointed as our Vice President and Corporate Controller in February 2012. From 2006 to February 2012, he served as our Corporate Controller. From 2002 to 2006, he served as Corporate Controller at Kennametal Inc. From 2000 to 2002, Mr. Hibbard served as Director of Finance of Kennametal’s Advanced Materials Solutions Group, and, from 1998 to 2000, he served as Controller of Greenfield Industries, Inc., a subsidiary of Kennametal Inc. Diane E. Lazzaris  has served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since January 2014, and from February 2010 to December 2013 she served as our Vice President, Legal Affairs. From 2008 to 2010, Ms. Lazzaris served as Senior Vice President - Legal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. From 1994 to 2008, she held various corporate counsel positions at Alcoa Inc., most recently as Group Counsel to a group of global businesses. Kenneth S. Parks   has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2014, and from June 2012 to December 2013 he served as our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From April 2008 to February 2012, he served as Vice President of Finance of United Technologies Corporation for their global Fire and Security business. From 2005 to 2008, he served as Director of Investor Relations of United Technologies Corporation. He began his career in public accounting with Coopers & Lybrand. Stephen A. Van Oss  has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2009. From February 2012 to June 2012, he also served as the Company's Chief Financial Officer on an interim basis. Previously, Mr. Van Oss served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer from 2004 to 2009. From 2000 to 2004, he served as our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Van Oss served as our Director, Information Technology and, in 1997, as our Director, Acquisition Management. From 1995 to 1996, Mr. Van Oss served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Paper Back Recycling of America, Inc. Mr. Van Oss serves as a director of Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. and as the chairman of its audit committee. He also serves as a trustee of Robert Morris University and is chairman of its finance committee and is a member of its government committee. Kimberly G. Windrow  has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2014, and from August 2010 to December 2013 she served as our Vice President, Human Resources. From 2004 until July 2010, Ms. Windrow served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for The McGraw Hill Companies in the education segment. From 2001 until 2004, she served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for The MONY Group, and from 1988 until 2000, she served in various Human Resource positions at Willis, Inc. 9 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons working on our behalf are expressly qualified by the following factors. This information should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K. Adverse conditions in the global economy and disruptions of financial markets could negatively impact our results of operations.  Our results of operations are affected by the level of business activity of our customers, which in turn is affected by global economic conditions and market factors impacting the industries and markets that they serve. Certain global economies and markets continue to experience significant uncertainty and volatility. Adverse economic conditions or lack of liquidity in various markets, particularly in North America, may adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Economic and financial market conditions also affect the availability of financing for projects and for our customers' capital or other expenditures, which can result in project delays or cancellations and thus affect demand for our products. There can be no assurance that any governmental responses to economic conditions or disruptions in the financial markets ultimately will stabilize the markets or increase our customers' liquidity or the availability of credit to our customers. Should one or more of our larger customers declare bankruptcy, it could adversely affect the collectability of our accounts receivable, bad debt reserves and net income. In addition, our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to do so. The global economic and financial environment also may affect our business and financial condition in ways that we currently cannot predict, and there can be no assurance that global economic and market conditions will not adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial position in the future.  Fluctuations of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies could negatively affect our business, financial results and liquidity. Certain events or conditions could lead to interruptions in our operations, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  We operate a number of facilities and we coordinate company activities, including information technology systems and administrative services and the like, through our headquarters operations. Our operations depend on our ability to maintain existing systems and implement new technology, which includes allocating sufficient resources to periodically upgrade our information technology systems, and to protect our equipment and the information stored in our databases against both manmade and natural disasters, as well as power losses, computer and telecommunications failures, technological breakdowns, unauthorized intrusions, cyber-attacks, and other events. Conversions to new information technology systems may result in cost overruns, delays or business interruptions. If our information technology systems are disrupted, become obsolete or do not adequately support our strategic, operational or compliance needs, it could result in competitive disadvantage and adversely affect our financial results and business operations, including our ability to process orders, receive and ship products, maintain inventories, collect accounts receivable and pay expenses.  Because we rely heavily on information technology both in serving our customers and in our enterprise infrastructure in order to achieve our objectives, we may be vulnerable to damage or intrusion from a variety of cyber-attacks including computer viruses, worms or other malicious software programs that access our systems.  Despite the precautions we take to mitigate the risks of such events, an attack on our enterprise information technology system could result in theft or disclosure of our proprietary or confidential information or a breach of confidential customer, supplier or employee information. Such events could have an adverse impact on revenue, harm our reputation, and cause us to incur legal liability and costs, which could be significant, to address and remediate such events and related security concerns.  We also depend on accessible office facilities, distribution centers and information technology data centers for our operations to function properly. An interruption of operations at any of our distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on the operations of branches served by the affected distribution center. Such disaster related risks and effects are not predictable with certainty and, although they typically can be mitigated, they cannot be eliminated. We seek to mitigate our exposures to disaster events in a number of ways. For example, where feasible, we design the configuration of our facilities to reduce the consequences of disasters. We also maintain insurance for our facilities against casualties and we evaluate our risks and develop contingency plans for dealing with them. Although we have reviewed and analyzed a broad range of risks applicable to our business, the ones that actually affect us may not be those we have concluded most likely to occur. Furthermore, although our reviews have led to more systematic contingency planning, our plans are in varying stages of development and execution, such that they may not be adequate at the time of occurrence for the magnitude of any particular disaster event that befalls us. 10 Table of Contents Loss of key suppliers, product cost fluctuations, lack of product availability or inefficient supply chain operations could decrease sales and earnings. Most of our agreements with suppliers are terminable by either party on 60 days' notice or less. Our ten largest suppliers in  2014  accounted for approximately  32%  of our purchases for the period. Our largest supplier in  2014  was Eaton Corporation, accounting for approximately  12%  of our purchases. The loss of, or a substantial decrease in the availability of, products from any of these suppliers, a supplier's change in sales strategy to rely less on distribution channels, the loss of key preferred supplier agreements, or disruptions in a key supplier's operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Supply interruptions could arise from shortages of raw materials, effects of economic or financial market conditions on a supplier's operations, labor disputes or weather conditions affecting products or shipments, transportation disruptions, information system disruptions or other reasons beyond our control. In addition, certain of our products, such as wire and conduit, are commodity-price-based products and may be subject to significant price fluctuations which are beyond our control. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that particular products or product lines will be available to us, or available in quantities sufficient to meet customer demand. Such limited product access could cause us to be at a competitive disadvantage. The profitability of our business is also dependent upon the efficiency of our supply chain. An inefficient or ineffective supply chain strategy or operations could increase operational costs, reduce profit margins and adversely affect our business. We are subject to costs and risks associated with laws and regulations affecting our business, as well as litigation for product liability or other matters affecting our business.  The complex legal and regulatory environment exposes us to compliance costs and risks, as well as litigation and other legal proceedings, that could materially affect our operations and financial results. These laws and regulations may change, sometimes significantly, as a result of political or economic events. They include tax laws and regulations, import and export laws and regulations, labor and employment laws and regulations, product safety, occupational safety and health laws and regulations, securities and exchange laws and regulations (and other laws applicable to publicly-traded companies such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), and environmental laws and regulations. Furthermore, as a government contractor selling to federal, state and local government entities, we are also subject to a wide variety of additional laws and regulations.  Proposed laws and regulations in these and other areas, such as healthcare, employment, or legal matters could affect the cost of our business operations.   From time to time we are involved in legal proceedings, audits or investigations which may relate to, for example, product liability, labor and employment (including wage and hour), tax, escheat, import and export compliance, government contracts, worker health and safety, general commercial and securities matters. While we believe that the outcome of any pending matter is unlikely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity, additional legal proceedings may arise in the future and the outcome of any legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take actions which could adversely affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money. Changes in tax laws or challenges to the Company's tax positions by taxing authorities could adversely impact the Company's results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to taxes in jurisdictions in which we do business, including but not limited to taxes imposed on our income, receipts, stockholders' equity, property, sales, purchases and payroll. As a result, the tax expense we incur can be adversely affected by changes in tax law. We frequently cannot anticipate these changes in tax law, which can cause an unexpected volatility in our results from operations. While not limited to the United States and Canada, changes in the tax law at the federal and state/provincial levels in the United States and Canada can have a materially adverse effect on our results from operations. Additionally, the tax laws to which the Company is subject are inherently complex and ambiguous. Therefore, we must interpret the applicable laws and make subjective judgments about the expected outcome upon challenge by the applicable taxing authorities. As a result, the impact on our results from operations of the application of enacted tax laws to our facts and circumstances is frequently uncertain. If a tax authority successfully challenges our interpretation and application of the tax law to our facts and circumstances, there can be no assurance that we can accurately predict the outcome and the taxes ultimately owed upon effective settlement may differ from the tax expense recognized in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income and accrued in our consolidated balance sheets.  Expansion into new business activities, industries, product lines or geographic areas could subject the company to increased costs and risks and may not achieve the intended results. Engaging in or significantly expanding business activities in product sourcing, sales and services could subject the company to unexpected costs and risks. Such activities could subject us to increased operating costs, product liability, regulatory requirements and reputational risks. Our expansion into new and existing markets, including manufacturing related or regulated businesses, may present competitive, distribution and regulatory challenges that differ from current ones. We may be  11 Table of Contents less familiar with the target customers and may face different or additional risks, as well as increased or unexpected costs, compared to existing operations. Growth into new markets may also bring us into direct competition with companies with whom we have little or no past experience as competitors. To the extent we are reliant upon expansion into new geographic, industry and product markets for growth and do not meet the new challenges posed by such expansion, our future sales growth could be negatively impacted, our operating costs could increase, and our business operations and financial results could be negatively affected. An increase in competition could decrease sales or earnings.  We operate in a highly competitive industry and compete directly with global, national, regional and local providers of our products and services. Some of our existing competitors have, and new market entrants may have, greater resources than us. Competition is primarily focused in the local service area and is generally based on product line breadth, product availability, service capabilities and price. Other sources of competition are buying groups formed by smaller distributors to increase purchasing power and provide some cooperative marketing capability as well as e-commerce companies.       Existing or future competitors may seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, and we may be required to lower our prices or may lose business, which could adversely affect our financial results. Also, to the extent that we do not meet changing customer preferences or demands or to the extent that one or more of our competitors becomes more successful with private label products or otherwise, our ability to attract and retain customers could be materially adversely affected. Existing or future competitors also may seek to compete with us for acquisitions, which could have the effect of increasing the price and reducing the number of suitable acquisitions. In addition, it is possible that competitive pressures resulting from industry consolidation could affect our growth and profit margins. Acquisitions that we may undertake would involve a number of inherent risks, any of which could cause us not to realize the benefits anticipated to result. We have expanded our operations through organic growth and selected acquisitions of businesses and assets and may seek to do so in the future. Acquisitions involve various inherent risks, including: problems that could arise from the integration of the acquired business; uncertainties in assessing the value, strengths, weaknesses, contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition candidates; the potential loss of key employees of an acquired business; the ability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition or other transaction; unanticipated changes in business, industry or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions underlying the acquisition or other transaction rationale; and expansion into new countries or geographic markets where we may be less familiar with operating requirements, target customers and regulatory compliance. Any one or more of these factors could increase our costs or cause us not to realize the benefits anticipated to result from the acquisition of business or assets. While there are risks associated with acquisitions generally, including integration risks, there are additional risks more specifically associated with owning and operating businesses internationally, including those arising from import and export controls, foreign currency exchange rate changes, material developments in political, regulatory or economic conditions impacting those operations and various environmental and climatic conditions in particular areas of the world. In December 2012, we completed our largest acquisition to date when we acquired EECOL Electric Corporation, with operations in Canada and South America. Following this acquisition, a greater percentage of our revenues and expenses arise from international sources that may be subject to these risks from time to time. We must attract, retain and motivate key employees, and the failure to do so may adversely affect our business and results of operations.  Our success depends on hiring, retaining and motivating key employees, including executive, managerial, sales, technical, marketing and support personnel. We may have difficulty locating and hiring qualified personnel. In addition, we may have difficulty retaining such personnel once hired, and key people may leave and compete against us. The loss of key personnel or our failure to attract and retain other qualified and experienced personnel could disrupt or adversely affect our business, its sales and results of operations. In addition, our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover, which may also result in loss of significant customer business, or increased employee benefit costs. Our outstanding indebtedness requires debt service commitments that could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our obligations and could limit our growth and impose restrictions on our business.  12 Table of Contents As of  December 31, 2014 , we had  $1,585.9 million  of consolidated indebtedness (excluding debt discount), including $252.3 million in aggregate principal amount of term loans due 2019 (the “Term Loans”), $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2021 (the “2021 Notes”) and $344.9 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029 (the “2029 Debentures”). Our consolidated indebtedness also includes our revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"), which has an aggregate borrowing capacity of $600.0 million, and our accounts receivable securitization facility (the “Receivables Facility”), through which we sell up to $500.0 million of our accounts receivable to third-party financial institutions. We and our subsidiaries may undertake additional borrowings in the future, subject to certain limitations contained in the instruments governing our indebtedness. Our debt service obligations have important consequences, including: our payments of principal and interest reduce the funds available to us for operations, future business opportunities and acquisitions and other purposes; they increase our vulnerability to adverse economic, financial market and industry conditions; our ability to obtain additional financing may be limited; we may be required to incur additional interest due to the contingent interest features of the 2029 Debentures, which are embedded derivatives; and our financial results are affected by increased interest costs. Our ability to make scheduled payments of principal and interest on our debt, refinance our indebtedness, make scheduled payments on our operating leases, fund planned capital expenditures or to finance acquisitions will depend on our future performance, which, to a certain extent, is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, make necessary capital expenditures or meet other cash needs. If unable to do so, we may be required to refinance all or a portion of our existing debt, to sell assets or to obtain additional financing. Our Revolving Credit Facility is subject to renewal in August 2016 and our Receivables Facility is subject to renewal in September 2016. There can be no assurance that available funding or any sale of additional receivables or additional financing will be possible at the times of renewal in amounts or terms favorable to us, if at all.       Over the next three years, we will be required to repay approximately $491.9 million of our currently outstanding indebtedness, of which $8.0 million is related to our Revolving Credit Facility, $430.0 million is related to our Receivables Facility, $46.8 million is related to our international lines of credit, $3.9 million is related to our Term Loans, and $3.2 million is related to our capital leases. Our debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.  Our credit facilities also require us to maintain specific earnings to fixed expenses and to meet minimum net worth requirements in certain circumstances. Our Term Loan, 2021 Notes and credit facilities contain, and any of our future debt agreements may contain, certain covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to: incur additional debt or issue guarantees; create liens; make certain investments; enter into transactions with our affiliates; sell certain assets; make capital expenditures; redeem capital stock or make other restricted payments; declare or pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders; and merge or consolidate with any person. Our Term Loan and credit facilities contain additional affirmative and negative covenants, and our ability to comply with these covenants is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including prevailing economic conditions.        As a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to obtain additional financing, if needed, may be significantly restricted, and we may be prevented from engaging in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us. In addition, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the 2029 Debentures, the 2021 Notes, the credit facilities, the Term Loan, and our other debt, which could permit the holders to accelerate such debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay such debt.  Fluctuations in foreign currency have an effect on reported results from operations.  The results of our foreign operations are reported in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. The exchange rates between some of these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years, and may continue to do so in the future. In addition, because our financial statements are stated in U.S. dollars, such fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial position, and may affect the comparability of our results between financial periods.   Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets recorded as a result of our acquisitions could become impaired.  As of  December 31, 2014 , our combined goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets amounted to  $1,840.0 million . To the extent we do not generate sufficient cash flows to recover the net amount of any investments in goodwill and other indefinite  13 Table of Contents life intangible assets recorded, the investment could be considered impaired and subject to write-off. We expect to record further goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets as a result of future acquisitions we may complete. Future amortization of such assets or impairments, if any, of goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets would adversely affect our results of operations in any given period.  There is a risk that the market value of our common stock may decline.  Stock markets have experienced significant price and trading volume fluctuations, and the market prices of companies in our industry have been volatile. In recent years, volatility and disruption reached unprecedented levels. For some issuers, the markets have exerted downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity. It is impossible to predict whether the price of our common stock will rise or fall. Trading prices of our common stock will be influenced by our operating results and prospects and by global economic, financial and other factors.  Future sales of our common stock in the public market or issuance of securities senior to our common stock could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and the value of the 2029 Debentures.  Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock or equity-related securities in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing trading prices of our common stock and the value of the 2029 Debentures and could impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related securities. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of common stock or the availability of shares of common stock for future sale will have on the trading price of our common stock or the value of the 2029 Debentures.  There may be future dilution of our common stock.  To the extent options to purchase common stock under our stock-based employee compensation plans are exercised, holders of our common stock will incur dilution. Additionally, our 2029 Debentures include contingent conversion price provisions and options for settlement in shares. Based on our current stock price, the 2029 Debentures may be converted into common stock which would increase dilution to our stockholders.  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We have approximately  485  branches, of which approximately  320  are located in the United States, approximately  120  are located in Canada and the remainder are in other locations including Chile, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Singapore, China, and Australia. Approximately  20%  of our branches are owned facilities, and the remainder are leased. The following table summarizes our distribution centers:   Square Feet   Leased/Owned Location       Warrendale, PA 194,000   Owned Sparks, NV 197,000   Leased Byhalia, MS 148,000   Owned Little Rock, AR 100,000   Leased Madison, WI 136,000   Leased Montreal, QC 126,000   Leased Burnaby, BC 65,000   Leased Edmonton, AB 101,000   Leased Mississauga, ON 246,000   Leased We also lease our  84,000  square-foot headquarters in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. We do not regard the real property associated with any single branch location as material to our operations. We believe our facilities are in good operating condition and are adequate for their respective uses. 14 Table of Contents Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, a number of lawsuits and claims have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including routine litigation relating to commercial and employment matters. The outcome of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and some lawsuits may be determined adversely to us. However, management does not believe, based on information presently available, that the ultimate outcome of any such pending matters is likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity, although the resolution in any quarter of one or more of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for that period.  As initially reported in our 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K, WESCO is a defendant in a lawsuit filed in a state court in Indiana in which a customer, ArcelorMittal Indiana Harbor, Inc. (“AIH”), alleges that the Company sold defective products to AIH in 2004 that were supplied to the Company by others. The lawsuit sought monetary damages in the amount of approximately $50 million. On February 14, 2013, the jury returned a verdict in favor of AIH and awarded damages in the amount of approximately $36.1 million, and judgment was entered on the jury's verdict. As a result, the Company recorded a $36.1 million charge to selling, general and administrative expenses in 2012. The Company disputes this outcome and filed a post-trial motion challenging the verdict alleging various errors that occurred during trial. The Company received letters from its insurers confirming insurance coverage of the matter and recorded a receivable in the quarter ended March 31, 2013 in an amount equal to the previously recorded liability. AIH also filed a post-trial motion asking the court to award additional amounts to AIH, including prejudgment and post-judgment interest. The Court denied the Company's post-trial motion on June 28, 2013 and granted in part AIH's motion, awarding prejudgment interest in the amount of $3.9 million and ordering post-judgment interest to accrue on the entire judgment at 8% per annum. In the quarter ended June 30, 2013, the Company received letters from its insurers confirming insurance coverage of all prejudgment and post-judgment interest related to the matter. Final judgment was entered by the court on July 16, 2013, and the Company is appealing the judgment. On November 10, 2014, the Indiana Court of Appeals reversed the prejudgment interest award, but otherwise affirmed the underlying judgment. A petition for further review of the case has been filed with the Indiana Supreme Court, which has discretion to decide whether it will consider the case or not. As of  December 31, 2014 , a liability and a corresponding receivable in the amount of $9.5 million has been recorded by the Company in the Consolidated Balance Sheets within other current liabilities and other accounts receivable, respectively, for the prejudgment interest of $3.9 million and the post-judgment interest of $5.6 million that has accrued in connection with this matter. The judgment may increase or decrease based on the outcome of the appellate proceedings that cannot be predicted with certainty. Information relating to legal proceedings is included in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market, Stockholder and Dividend Information .  Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “WCC.” As of  February 20, 2015 , there were  44,562,948  shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately  21  holders of record. We have not paid dividends on the common stock and do not currently plan to pay dividends. We do, however, evaluate the possibility from time to time. It is currently expected that earnings will be reinvested to support business growth, debt reduction, acquisitions and share repurchases. In addition, our Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Agreement restrict our ability to pay dividends. See Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources.”  The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, for the periods indicated. 15 Table of Contents   Sales Prices Quarter High   Low 2013       First $ 77.97   $ 66.63 Second 79.20   64.26 Third 80.30   65.23 Fourth 91.62   73.66 2014       First $ 94.75   $ 78.52 Second 93.07   83.48 Third 88.31   78.17 Fourth 86.92   68.97 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities .  On December 17, 2014, WESCO announced that its Board of Directors approved, on December 11, 2014, the repurchase of up to $300 million of the Company's common stock through December 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2014, no shares had been purchased under this repurchase authorization.   16 Table of Contents Company Performance.  The following stock price performance graph illustrates the cumulative total return on an investment in WESCO International, Inc., a 2014 Performance Peer Group, and the Russell 2000 Index. The graph covers the period from December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2014, and assumes that the value for each investment was $100 on December 31, 2009, and that all dividends were reinvested. 2014 Performance Peer Group:     Airgas, Inc. Eaton Corporation Plc MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. Anixter International, Inc. Emerson Electric Company Pool Corporation Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Fastenal Company Rockwell Automation, Inc. Arrow Electronics, Inc. Genuine Parts Company Tech Data Corporation Avnet, Inc. Houston Wire & Cable Company United Stationers, Inc. Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. Hubbell, Inc. W.W. Grainger, Inc. Danaher Corporation Ingram Micro, Inc. Watsco Inc 17 Table of Contents Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Selected financial data and significant events related to the Company’s financial results for the last five fiscal years are listed below. The financial data should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 and with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in Item 7. Year Ended December 31, 2014   2013   2012   2011   2010 (Dollars in millions, except per share data)                   Income Statement Data:                   Net sales $ 7,889.6   $ 7,513.3   $ 6,579.3   $ 6,125.7   $ 5,063.9 Cost of goods sold 6,278.6   5,967.9   5,247.8   4,889.2   4,065.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,076.8   996.8   961.0   872.0   763.7 Depreciation and amortization 68.0   67.6   37.6   31.6   23.9 Income from operations 466.2   481.0   332.9   332.9   210.9 Interest expense, net 82.1   85.6   47.8   53.6   57.6 Loss on debt extinguishment / (gain) on debt exchange (1) —   13.2   3.5   —   — Other loss (income) (2) —   2.3   —   —   (4.3 ) Income before income taxes 384.1   379.9   281.6   279.3   157.6 Provision for income taxes 108.7   103.4   79.9   83.1   42.2 Net income 275.4   276.5   201.7   196.2   115.4  Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (3) 0.5   (0.1 )   0.1   0.1   —  Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 275.9   $ 276.4   $ 201.8   $ 196.3   $ 115.4 Earnings per common share attributable to WESCO International, Inc.                   Basic $ 6.21   $ 6.26   $ 4.62   $ 4.54   $ 2.72 Diluted $ 5.18   $ 5.25   $ 3.95   $ 3.96   $ 2.50 Weighted average common shares outstanding                   Basic 44.4   44.1   43.7   43.2   42.5 Diluted 53.3   52.7   51.1   49.6   46.1 Other Financial Data:                   Capital expenditures $ 20.5   $ 27.8   $ 23.1   $ 33.3   $ 15.1 Net cash provided by operating activities 251.2   315.1   288.2   167.5   127.3 Net cash (used) provided by investing activities (144.2 )   (18.2 )   (1,311.0 )   (81.3 )   (220.5 ) Net cash (used) provided by financing activities (95.5 )   (257.5 )   1,044.0   (70.9 )   30.6 Balance Sheet Data:                   Total assets $ 4,754.4   $ 4,648.9   $ 4,629.6   $ 3,078.5   $ 2,826.8 Total debt (including current and short-term debt) (4) 1,415.6   1,487.7   1,735.2   649.3   729.9 Stockholders’ equity (5) 1,928.2   1,764.8   1,553.7   1,345.9   1,148.6 (1)   Represents the loss recognized in 2013 related to the repayment of $500 million of the Company's Term Loans, and the loss recognized in 2012 due to the redemption of all the outstanding 7.50% 2017 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2017 (the "2017 Notes"). (2)   Represents the loss on the sale of the Company's Argentina business in 2013 and income from the LADD joint venture in 2010.  (3)   Represents the portion of net (income) loss attributable to consolidated entities not owned by the Company.   (4)   Includes the discount related to the 2029 Debentures, the 2.625% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2025 (the "2025 Debentures"), the 1.75% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2026 (the "2026 Debentures" and together with the 2029 Debentures, the 2025 Debentures and the 2026 Debentures, the "Debentures"), and the Term Loan facility. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (5)   Stockholders’ equity includes amounts related to the Debentures. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 18 Table of Contents Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on   Form 10-K. Company Overview In  2014 , we strengthened our organization, operations and talent base, re-established organic sales growth in our core business, integrated three accretive acquisitions into our operations, and increased profitability. Sales  in creased $ 376.3 million , or  5.0% , over the prior year. Organic sales increased 5.6%, acquisitions positively impacted consolidated sales by 1.4%, and foreign currency exchange and number of workdays negatively impacted sales by 1.6% and 0.4%, respectively. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales was  79.6%  and  79.4%  in  2014  and  2013 , respectively. Operating income of  $466.2 million  increased over the prior year's adjusted results primarily due to growth in our core business and the integration of the acquired operations of LaPrairie, Hazmasters and Hi-Line. Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. increased approximately 9% over the prior year's adjusted results to  $275.9 million . Diluted earnings per share attributable to WESCO International, Inc. were  $5.18  in  2014 , compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.82 in  2013 . Our end markets consist of industrial firms, electrical and data communications contractors, utilities, and commercial organizations, institutions and governmental entities. Our transaction types to these markets can be categorized as stock, direct ship and special order. Stock orders are filled directly from existing inventory and represented approximately 50% of total sales for  2014  and  2013 , respectively. Approximately 39% of our total sales were direct ship sales for both  2014  and  2013 . Direct ship sales are typically custom-built products, large orders or products that are too bulky to be easily handled and, as a result, are shipped directly to the customer from the supplier. Special orders are for products that are not ordinarily stocked in inventory and are ordered based on a customer’s specific request. Special orders represent the remaining 11% of total sales for  2014  and  2013 , respectively. We have historically financed our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases and new branch openings through internally generated cash flow, debt issuances, borrowings under our credit facilities and funding through our Receivables Facility. Cash Flow We generated  $251.2 million  in operating cash flow during  2014 . Cash provided by operating activities included net income of  $275.4 million  and adjustments to net income totaling  $83.9 million . Cash used in investing activities consisted primarily of aggregate payments of  $133.8 million  for the acquisitions of LaPrairie, Hazmasters, and Hi-Line, purchases of capital assets totaling  $20.5 million , partially offset by proceeds of  $15.0 million  from the sale of assets. Financing activities during  2014  consisted of borrowings and repayments of $1,046.5 million and $1,059.7 million, respectively, related to our Revolving Credit Facility, borrowings and repayments of $122.1 million and $145.7 million, respectively, related to our Receivables Facility, and repayments of $38.8 million related to our Term Loan Facility. Financing activities in  2014  also included borrowings and repayments on our various international lines of credit of $71.3 million and $57.8 million, respectively.   Free cash flow for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013  was  $230.7 million  and  $308.4 million , respectively. The following table sets forth the components of free cash flow:   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, Free Cash Flow: 2014   2013 (In millions)         Cash flow provided by operations $ 251.2   $ 315.1   Less: Capital expenditures (20.5 )   (27.8 )   Add: Non-recurring pension contribution —   21.1     Free cash flow $ 230.7   $ 308.4 Note: The table above reconciles cash flow provided by operations to free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure provided by the Company as an additional indicator of liquidity. Capital expenditures are deducted from operating cash flow to determine free cash flow. Free cash flow is available to provide a source of funds for any of the Company's financing needs. During the quarter ended September 30, 2013, a non-recurring contribution was made to fund the Canadian EECOL pension plan. This contribution was required pursuant to the terms of the share purchase agreement by which the Company acquired EECOL in 2012. EECOL sellers fully funded this  19 Table of Contents contribution by way of a direct reduction in the purchase price at the date of acquisition. GAAP requires the contribution to be shown as a reduction of operating cash flow, however, it is added back to accurately reflect free cash flow.   Financing Availability As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had $637.7 million in total liquidity. Available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility, which matures in August 2016, was comprised of $290.1 million of availability under the U.S. sub-facility and $268.1 million of availability under the Canadian sub-facility, with a maximum combined limit of $497.5 million. Available borrowing capacity under our Receivables Facility was $70.0 million. The remaining liquidity was provided by invested cash of $70.2 million. At any time on or after September 15, 2016, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 2029 Debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest. For further discussion related to the Debentures, refer to Note 7 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We monitor the depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a regular basis, and we believe that we have placed our deposits with creditworthy financial institutions. For further discussion, refer to “Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to supplier programs, bad debts, inventories, insurance costs, goodwill, income taxes, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional adjustments to reserve items may be required. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized for product sales when title, ownership and risk of loss pass to the customer, or for services when the service is rendered. In the case of stock sales and special orders, a sale occurs at the time of shipment from our distribution point, as the terms of our sales are predominantly FOB shipping point. In cases where we process customer orders but ship directly from our suppliers, revenue is recognized once product is shipped and title has passed. In all cases, revenue is recognized once the sales price to our customer is fixed or is determinable and we have reasonable assurance as to the collectability. In certain customer arrangements, we provide services such as inventory management. We may perform some or all of the following services for customers: determine inventory stocking levels; establish inventory reorder points; launch purchase orders; receive material; put away material; and pick material for order fulfillment. We recognize revenue for services rendered during the period based upon a previously negotiated fee arrangement. We also sell inventory to these customers and recognize revenue at the time title and risk of loss transfers to the customer.  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses We include warehousing, purchasing, branch operations, information services, and marketing and selling expenses in this category, as well as other types of general and administrative costs. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. We have a systematic procedure using estimates based on historical data and reasonable assumptions of collectibles made at the local branch level and on a consolidated corporate basis to calculate the allowance for doubtful accounts. Excess and Obsolete Inventory                                                                                                                                                                                                                            We write down our inventory to its net realizable value based on internal factors derived from historical analysis of actual losses. We identify items at risk of becoming obsolete, which are defined as excess of 36 months supply relative to demand or movement. We then analyze the ultimate disposition of previously identified excess inventory items, such as sold, returned to supplier, or scrapped. This item by item analysis allows us to develop an estimate of the likelihood that an item identified as being in excess supply ultimately becomes obsolete. We apply the estimate to inventory items currently in excess of 36 months  20 Table of Contents supply, and reduce our inventory carrying value by the derived amount. We revisit and test our assumptions on a periodic basis. Historically, we have not had material changes to our assumptions and do not anticipate any material changes in the future.   Supplier Volume Rebates We receive rebates from certain suppliers based on contractual arrangements with them. Since there is a lag between actual purchases and the rebates received from the suppliers, we must estimate and accrue the approximate amount of rebates available at a specific date. We record the amounts as other accounts receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The corresponding rebate income is recorded as a reduction of cost of goods sold. The appropriate level of such income is derived from the level of actual purchases made by us from suppliers. Supplier volume rebate rates have historically ranged between approximately 0.8% and 1.4% of sales depending on market conditions. In  2014 , the rebate rate was 1.4%. Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets We test goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment annually during the fourth quarter using information available at the end of September, or more frequently when events or circumstances occur indicating that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We test for goodwill impairment on a reporting unit level. The evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets to the recorded value. We estimate the fair value of goodwill using a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market multiples. Assumptions used for these fair value techniques are based on a combination of historical results, current forecasts, market data and recent economic events. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite life intangible assets using a discounted cash flow analysis based on projected financial information. The determination of fair value involves significant management judgment and we apply our best judgment when assessing the reasonableness of financial projections.  A possible indicator of goodwill impairment is the relationship of a company’s market capitalization to its book value. As of  December 31, 2014 , our market capitalization exceeded our book value and there were no indications of impairment with any of the Company's reporting units.  Intangible Assets We account for certain economic benefits purchased as a result of our acquisitions, including customer relations, distribution agreements, technology and trademarks, as intangible assets. Most trademarks have an indefinite life. We amortize all other intangible assets over a useful life determined by the expected cash flows produced by such intangibles and their respective tax benefits. Useful lives vary between 2 and 20 years, depending on the specific intangible asset. Insurance Programs We use commercial insurance for auto, workers’ compensation, casualty and health claims as a risk sharing strategy to reduce our exposure to catastrophic losses. Our strategy involves large deductible policies where we must pay all costs up to the deductible amount. We estimate our reserve based on historical incident rates and costs. Income Taxes We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities result from (i) temporary differences in the recognition of income and expense for financial and income tax reporting requirements, and (ii) differences between the recorded value of assets acquired in business combinations accounted for as purchases for financial reporting purposes and their corresponding tax bases. Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. We evaluate all available evidence, both positive and negative, in determining whether a valuation allowance is needed.  We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is at least more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The amount of the tax benefit that is recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not to be realized upon effective settlement. We will adjust the tax benefit recognized with regard to an uncertain tax position if our judgment changes as the result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Due to the subjectivity inherent in the evaluation of uncertain tax positions, the tax benefit ultimately recognized may materially differ from our estimate. We recognize interest related to uncertain tax benefits as part of interest expense. Penalties are recognized as part of income tax expense. No provision is made for possible U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely.          Convertible Debentures We separately account for the liability and equity components of our convertible debentures in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. We estimate our non-convertible debt borrowing rate through a combination of discussions  21 Table of Contents with our financial institutions and review of relevant market data. The discounts to the convertible debenture balances are amortized to interest expense, using the effective interest method, over the implicit life of the debentures.       Stock-Based Compensation Our stock-based employee compensation plans are comprised of stock options, stock-settled stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, and performance-based awards. Compensation cost for all stock-based awards is measured at fair value on the date of grant, and compensation cost is recognized, net of estimated forfeitures, over the service period for awards expected to vest. The fair value of stock options and stock-settled appreciation rights is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The performance-based awards are valued based upon a Monte Carlo simulation model. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of our common stock. We estimate the expected life of stock options and stock-settled stock appreciation rights using historical data pertaining to option exercises and employee terminations. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant. The forfeiture assumption is based on our historical employee behavior, which we review on an annual basis. Restricted stock units with vesting dependent upon service conditions are valued based on the market price on the grant date. No dividends are assumed for stock-based awards. Results of Operations The following table sets forth the percentage relationship to net sales of certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the periods presented. Year Ended December 31, 2014   2013   2012 Net sales 100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0 % Cost of goods sold 79.6   79.4   79.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 13.6   13.3   14.6 Depreciation and amortization 0.9   0.9   0.5 Income from operations 5.9   6.4   5.1 Interest expense  1.0   1.1   0.7 Loss on debt extinguishment —   0.2   0.1 Income before income taxes 4.9   5.1   4.3 Provision for income taxes 1.4   1.4   1.2 Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. 3.5 %   3.7 %   3.1 % 2014  Compared to  2013   Net Sales . Sales in  2014   in creased  5.0%  to  $7,889.6 million , compared with  $7,513.3 million  in  2013 . The increase in sales included positive impacts from organic growth and acquisitions of 5.6% and 1.4%, respectively, partially offset by the negative effects of foreign exchange rates and number of workdays of 1.6% and 0.4%, respectively. Additionally, management estimates a price impact on net sales of approximately 0.5%. The following table sets forth normalized organic sales growth:   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, Normalized Organic Sales: 2014   2013     Change in net sales 5.0  %   14.2  %     Less: Impact from acquisitions 1.4  %   14.6  %     Less: Impact from foreign exchange rates (1.6 )%   (0.4 )%     Less: Impact from number of workdays (0.4 )%   —  %         Normalized organic sales growth 5.6  %   —  % Note: Normalized organic sales growth is a non-GAAP financial measure provided by the Company to provide a better understanding of the Company's sales growth trends. Normalized organic sales growth is calculated by deducting the percentage impact on net sales from acquisitions, foreign exchange rates and number of workdays from the overall percentage change in consolidated net sales. Cost of Goods Sold . Cost of goods sold  in creased  5.2%  in  2014  to  $6,278.6 million , compared with $ 5,967.9 million  in  2013 . Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales was  79.6%  and  79.4%  in  2014  and  2013 , respectively.  22 Table of Contents Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expenses . SG&A expenses include costs associated with personnel, shipping and handling, travel, advertising, facilities, utilities and bad debts. SG&A expenses  in creased by  $80.0 million , or  8.0% , to $ 1,076.8 million  in  2014 . The increase in SG&A expenses is primarily due to higher employment related costs resulting from the growth in organic sales and the impact from the LaPrairie, Hazmasters and Hi-Line acquisitions. SG&A expenses in 2013 include a $36.1 million favorable impact from the recognition of insurance coverage for a litigation-related charge recorded in 2012. Adjusted SG&A expenses increased  $43.9 million , or approximately  4.2% , from  2013 . As a percentage of net sales, adjusted SG&A expenses decreased to  13.6%  in  2014 , compared with  13.7%  in  2013 , reflecting ongoing cost controls and incremental cost reduction actions implemented during  2014 . The following table sets forth adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses:   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, Adjusted Selling, General and Administrative Expenses: 2014   2013 (In millions)       Selling, general and administrative expenses $ 1,076.8   $ 996.8 ArcelorMittal litigation recovery included in SG&A —   36.1 Adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses $ 1,076.8   $ 1,032.9 Percent of sales 13.6 %   13.7 % Note: Adjusted SG&A is provided by the Company to allow financial statement users to compare the Company's performance from period to period by adjusting for transactions management views as impacting the comparability of results.  SG&A payroll expenses for  2014  of $758.9 million increased by $38.7 million compared to  2013 . The increase in SG&A payroll expenses was primarily due to an increase in salary expense of $23.6 million and an increase in commissions, incentives and benefits of $13.9 million. These increases are primarily due to an increase in headcount, which is the result of both recent acquisitions and organic sales growth.  The remaining SG&A expenses for  2014  of $317.9 million increased by $41.3 million compared to  2013  primarily due to the favorable impact of the ArcelorMittal litigation recovery in  2013  and increased occupancy and transportation costs of $5.8 in  2014  related to recent acquisitions and organic sales growth.    Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization  in creased $ 0.4 million  to $ 68.0 million  in  2014 , compared with $ 67.6 million  in  2013 . The  in crease in depreciation and amortization was primarily due to the impact from recent acquisitions, partially offset by the reduction in capital expenditures in  2014 .  Income from Operations . Income from operations  de creased by $ 14.8 million  to  $466.2 million  in  2014 , compared to $ 481.0 million  in  2013 . Income from operations in  2014  increased by  $21.3 million , or  4.8% , from adjusted income from operations of  $444.9 million  in  2013 . Adjusted income from operations as a percentage of net sales was  5.9%  in  2014  and  2013 , respectively.  The following table sets forth adjusted income from operations:   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, Adjusted Income from Operations: 2014   2013 (In millions)       Income from operations $ 466.2   $ 481.0 ArcelorMittal litigation recovery included in SG&A —   (36.1 ) Adjusted income from operations $ 466.2   $ 444.9 Percent of sales 5.9 %   5.9 % Note: Adjusted income from operations is provided by the Company to allow financial statement users to compare the Company's performance from period to period by adjusting for transactions management views as impacting the comparability of results. Interest Expense . Interest expense totaled $ 82.1 million  in  2014 , compared with $ 85.6 million  in  2013 , a  de crease of  4.1% . Non-cash interest expense, which includes convertible debt interest, interest related to uncertain tax positions, and the amortization of deferred financing fees was  $9.5 million  and  $9.8 million  for  2014  and  2013 , respectively.   The following table sets forth the components of interest expense:  23 Table of Contents   Twelve Months Ended   December 31,   2014   2013 (In millions)       Amortization of convertible debt $ 4.1   $ 4.3 Amortization of deferred financing fees 4.4   4.9 Interest related to uncertain tax provisions 1.0   0.6  Non-cash interest expense 9.5   9.8 Cash interest expense 72.6   75.8  Total interest expense $ 82.1   $ 85.6 Loss on Debt Extinguishment . In 2013, the Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of $13.2 million in connection with the repayment of $500 million of the Company's term loan. In 2014, no such loss was incurred. Loss on Sale of Argentina Business . The Company recorded a loss in 2013 of $2.3 million resulting from the sale and complete divestiture of its EECOL Electric Argentina operations. The Company did not record such a loss in 2014. Income Taxes . Our effective income tax rate was 28.3% in 2014 compared to 27.2% in 2013. Our effective tax rate is affected by recurring items, such as the relative amounts of income earned in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, primarily Canada, and the tax rates in these jurisdictions. The relative amounts of income earned in the United States and Canada is affected by the exchange rate at which Canadian income is translated into U.S. dollars. The increase in the tax rate from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to a discrete benefit recorded in 2013 for foreign tax credits as a result of the settlement of the Company’s 1998-2003 IRS examination and the impact of an unfavorable change in the Canadian to U.S. dollar foreign exchange rate on the translation of taxable income from WESCO’s Canadian operations.  Our effective income tax rate was 26.0% in  2013 , as adjusted for the impact of the ArcelorMittal litigation recovery. Net Income . Net income decreased by  $1.1 million , or  0.4% , to  $275.4 million  in  2014 , compared to  $276.5 million  in  2013 . Net income in 2014 increased $20.9 million compared to adjusted net income of  $254.5 million  in  2013 .   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest . Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was $0.5 million in  2014  primarily due to foreign exchange losses on cash balances. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest totaled $0.1 million in  2013 . Net Income Attributable to WESCO International, Inc . Net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to WESCO International, Inc. on a consolidated basis totaled  $275.9 million  and $ 5.18  per share, respectively, in  2014 , compared with  $276.4 million  and $ 5.25  per share, respectively, in  2013 . Adjusted net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. and adjusted diluted earnings per share was  $254.4 million  and  $4.82 , respectively, in 2013. 24 Table of Contents The following table sets forth adjusted net income and adjusted net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc.:   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, Adjusted Net Income Attributable to WESCO International, Inc.: 2014   2013 (In millions)       Income before income taxes $ 384.1   $ 379.9 ArcelorMittal litigation recovery included in SG&A —   (36.1 ) Adjusted income before income taxes 384.1   343.8 Adjusted provision for income taxes 108.7   89.3 Adjusted net income 275.4   254.5 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest (0.5 )   0.1 Adjusted net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 275.9   $ 254.4         Adjusted Diluted EPS:       Diluted share count 53.3   52.7 Adjusted diluted EPS $ 5.18   $ 4.82 Note: Adjusted net income and adjusted net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. is provided by the Company to allow financial statement users to compare the Company's performance from period to period by adjusting for transactions management views as impacting the comparability of results. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. by weighted average common shares outstanding and common share equivalents. 2013  Compared to  2012   Net Sales . Sales in  2013   in creased  14.2%  to  $7,513.3 million , compared with  $6,579.3 million  in  2012 . The increase in sales included a positive impact from acquisitions of 14.6% and a negative impact from foreign exchange of 0.4%.  Additionally, management estimates a price impact on net sales of approximately 0.2%. The following table sets forth normalized organic sales growth:   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, Normalized Organic Sales: 2013   2012     Change in net sales 14.2  %   7.4  %     Less: Impact from acquisitions 14.6  %   3.3  %     Less: Impact from foreign exchange rates (0.4 )%   (0.3 )%     Less: Impact from number of workdays —  %   —  %         Normalized organic sales growth —  %   4.4  % Cost of Goods Sold . Cost of goods sold  in creased  13.7%  in  2013  to  $5,967.9 million , compared with $ 5,247.9 million  in  2012 . Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales was  79.4%  and  79.8%  in  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The decrease in cost of goods sold percentage was due to the positive margin impact from the Company's EECOL, Conney and Trydor acquisitions. Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expenses . SG&A expenses include costs associated with personnel, shipping and handling, travel, advertising, facilities, utilities and bad debts. SG&A expenses  in creased by $ 35.8 million , or  3.7% , to $ 996.8 million  in  2013 . The increase in SG&A expenses is primarily due to the EECOL, Conney and Trydor acquisitions. SG&A expenses in 2013 include a $36.1 million favorable impact from the recognition of insurance coverage for a litigation-related charge recorded in 2012. Excluding the impact of this item in both periods, SG&A expenses were  $1,032.9 million  and  $924.9 million , or  13.7%  and  14.1%  of sales, in  2013  and  2012 , respectively. SG&A payroll expenses for  2013  of $720.2 million increased by $58.6 million compared to  2012 . The increase in SG&A payroll expense was primarily due to an increase in salary expense of $71.7 million, partially offset by a decrease in commissions, incentives and benefits of $13.6 million. The increase in payroll expense was primarily due to an increase in headcount, which is the result of the EECOL, Conney and Trydor acquisitions. 25 Table of Contents The remaining SG&A expenses for  2013  of $312.7 million increased by $49.4 million compared to  2012 , primarily due to increased occupancy and transportation costs of $19.7 million and $13.9 million, respectively, related to recent acquisitions.  Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization  in creased $ 30.1 million  to $ 67.6 million  in  2013 , compared with $ 37.6 million  in  2012 . The  in crease in depreciation and amortization was primarily due to the impact from the acquisitions of EECOL, Conney and Trydor in 2012. Amortization of intangible assets of EECOL, Conney and Trydor totaled $26.7 million for 2013. Income from Operations . Income from operations  in creased by $ 148.1 million  to  $481.0 million  in  2013 , compared to $ 332.9 million  in  2012 .  Interest Expense . Interest expense totaled $ 85.6 million  in  2013 , compared with $ 47.8 million  in  2012 , an  in crease of  79.2% . Non-cash interest expense, which includes convertible debt interest, interest related to uncertain tax positions, and the amortization of deferred financing fees, for  2013  and  2012  was  $9.8 million  and  $2.3 million , respectively. 26 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the components of interest expense:    Twelve Months Ended   December 31,   2013   2012 (In millions)       Amortization of convertible debt $ 4.3   $ 2.3 Amortization of deferred financing fees 4.9   2.6 Interest related to uncertain tax provisions 0.6   (2.6 )  Non-cash interest expense 9.8   2.3 Cash interest expense 75.8   45.5  Total interest expense $ 85.6   $ 47.8 Loss on Debt Extinguishment . In 2013, the Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of $13.2 million in connection with the repayment of $500 million of the Company's term loan. In 2012, a loss on debt extinguishment of $3.5 million was incurred due to the redemption of the 2017 Notes. Loss on Sale of Argentina Business . The Company recorded a loss in 2013 of $2.3 million resulting from the sale and complete divestiture of its EECOL Electric Argentina operations.  EECOL Electric Argentina was acquired in 2012 as part of the EECOL Electric acquisition. Income Taxes . Our effective income tax rate  de creased to  27.2%  in  2013 , compared with  28.4%  in  2012 , primarily as a result of recording the tax benefit associated with certain foreign tax credits. Our effective tax rate is affected by the relative amounts of income earned in the United States and foreign jurisdictions and the related tax rate differentials on that income. Net Income . Net income increased by  $74.8 million , or  37.1% , to $276.4 million in  2013 , compared to $201.8 million in  2012 . Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest . Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest was $0.1 million in  2013 .  Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest totaled less than $0.1 million in  2012 . Net Income Attributable to WESCO International, Inc . Net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to WESCO International, Inc. on a consolidated basis totaled  $276.4 million  and $ 5.25  per share, respectively, in  2013 , compared with  $201.8 million  and $ 3.95  per share, respectively, in  2012 .     Liquidity and Capital Resources Total assets were $ 4.8 billion  and  $4.6 billion  at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. Total liabilities at  December 31, 2014  and  2013  were  $2.8 billion  and  $2.9 billion , respectively. Stockholders’ equity increased by  9.3%  to  $1.9 billion  at  December 31, 2014 , compared with $ 1.8 billion  at  December 31, 2013 , primarily as a result of net earnings of  $275.9 million , partially offset by a loss of  $120.3 million  from foreign currency exchange recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income. The following table sets forth our outstanding indebtedness: 27 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2014   2013 (In thousands)       Term Loan Facility, less debt discount of $3,110 and $3,934 in 2014 and 2013, respectively $ 249,235   $ 296,295 Senior Notes due 2021 500,000   500,000 Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility 430,000   453,600 Revolving Credit Facility 8,000   22,558 International lines of credit 46,787   37,551 6.0% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029, less debt discount of $167,257 and $170,752 in 2014 and 2013, respectively 177,638   174,149 Capital leases 3,891   3,505 Other notes 9   37 Total debt 1,415,560   1,487,695 Less current and short-term portion (49,130 )   (40,061 ) Total long-term debt $ 1,366,430   $ 1,447,634 The required annual principal repayments for all indebtedness for the next five years and thereafter, as of December 31,  2014  is set forth in the following table: (In thousands)   2015 $ 49,130 2016 440,763 2017 1,975 2018 1,712 2019 1,530 Thereafter 1,090,817 Total payments on debt $ 1,585,927 Debt discount on convertible debentures and term loan facility (170,367 ) Total debt $ 1,415,560       Our liquidity needs generally arise from fluctuations in our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions and debt service obligations. As of  December 31, 2014 , we had $497.5 million in available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility and $70.0 million in available borrowing capacity under our Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility, which combined with invested cash of $70.2 million provided liquidity of $637.7 million. Invested cash included in our determination of liquidity represents cash deposited in interest bearing accounts. We believe cash provided by operations and financing activities will be adequate to cover our current operational and business needs. We communicate on a regular basis with our lenders regarding our financial and working capital performance and liquidity position. We are in compliance with all covenants and restrictions contained in our debt agreements as of  December 31, 2014 .   Our financial leverage ratio as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  was  3.0  and  3.2 , respectively. The following table sets forth the Company's financial leverage ratio as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 : 28 Table of Contents Twelve months ended December 31, 2014   2013 (Dollar amounts in millions)           Income from operations $ 466.2   $ 481.0     Adjust for ArcelorMittal litigation recovery —   (36.1 )     Depreciation and amortization 68.0   67.6         Adjusted EBITDA $ 534.2   $ 512.5           December 31,  2014   December 31,  2013 Current debt $ 49.1   $ 40.1 Long-term debt 1,366.4   1,447.6 Debt discount related to convertible debentures and term loan (1) 170.4   174.7     Total debt including debt discount $ 1,585.9   $ 1,662.4 Less: Cash and cash equivalents 128.3   123.7 Total debt including debt discount, net of cash $ 1,457.6   $ 1,538.7         Financial leverage ratio based on total debt 3.0   3.2 Financial leverage ratio based on total debt, net of cash 2.7   3.0 Note: Financial leverage is a non-GAAP financial measure provided by the Company as an indicator of capital structure position. Financial leverage ratio based on total debt is calculated by dividing total debt, including debt discount, by Adjusted EBITDA. Financial leverage ratio based on total debt, net of cash, is calculated by dividing total debt, including debt discount, net of cash, by Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as the trailing twelve months earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding the ArcelorMittal litigation recovery. (1)  The convertible debentures and term loan are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in long-term debt net of the unamortized discount. At  December 31, 2014 , we had cash and cash equivalents totaling  $128.3 million , of which $107.1 million was held by foreign subsidiaries. The cash held by some of our foreign subsidiaries could be subject to additional U.S. income taxes if repatriated. We believe that we are able to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity for our domestic operations and commitments without repatriation of the cash held by these foreign subsidiaries. Over the next several quarters, we expect to maintain working capital productivity, and it is expected that excess cash will be directed primarily at debt reduction, acquisitions and share repurchases. Our near term focus will be managing our working capital as we experience sales growth and maintaining ample liquidity and credit availability. We anticipate capital expenditures in  2015  to be at levels similar to  2014 . We believe our balance sheet and ability to generate ample cash flow provides us with a durable business model and should allow us to fund expansion needs and growth initiatives. We finance our operating and investing needs as follows: Term Loan Facility  On December 12, 2012, WESCO Distribution, as U.S. borrower, WDCC (WDCC and together with WESCO Distribution, the “Borrowers”), as Canadian borrower, and WESCO International entered into a Term Loan Agreement (the “Term Loan Agreement”) among WESCO Distribution, WDCC, the Company, the lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and as collateral agent.  The Term Loan Agreement provided a seven-year term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility”), which consisted of two separate sub-facilities: (i) a Canadian sub-facility in an aggregate principal amount of CAD $150 million, issued at a 2.0% discount and (ii) a U.S. sub-facility in an aggregate principal amount of $700 million, issued at a 1.0% discount. The proceeds of the Term Loan Facility were used to finance the acquisition of EECOL, to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition and certain other transactions. Subject to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, the Borrowers may request incremental term loans from time to time in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time $300 million, with an equivalent principal amount in U.S. Dollars being calculated for any incremental term loan denominated in Canadian Dollars.   On November 19, 2013, the Borrowers and WESCO International entered into an amendment (the “Term Loan Amendment”) to the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Amendment, among other things, reduced the applicable margin  29 Table of Contents on U.S. term loans by 0.50% and the LIBOR floor applicable to the U.S. sub-facility from 1.00% to 0.75%. The modified pricing terms were effective December 13, 2013. On November 26, 2013, WESCO Distribution sold $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2021 (the “2021 Notes”), and used the net proceeds plus excess cash to prepay $500 million under the Company's U.S. sub-facility of the Term Loan Facility (see discussion below under “5.375% Senior Notes due 2021” for additional information). The prepayment satisfied all remaining quarterly repayment obligations under the U.S. sub-facility. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax loss on debt extinguishment of $13.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. WESCO will amortize the remaining debt discount and financing costs over the life of the instrument. As of  December 31, 2014 , the amounts outstanding under the U.S. and Canadian sub-facilities were $174.8 million and $77.6 million, respectively. Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at base rates plus applicable margins. At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the interest rates on borrowings under the Canadian sub-facility and U.S. sub-facility were approximately 5.3% and 3.75%, respectively. The Canadian Borrower will pay quarterly installments of principal equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of its term loan sub-facility, plus accrued and unpaid interest. To the extent not previously paid, the term loans will become due and payable on December 12, 2019, with any unpaid incremental term loans becoming due and payable on the respective maturity dates applicable to those incremental term loans. At any time or from time to time, the Borrowers may prepay borrowings under the Term Loan Facility in whole or in part without premium or penalty. The Borrowers' obligations under the Term Loan Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Borrowers, the Company and certain of the Company's other subsidiaries; provided that, with respect to borrowings under the U.S. sub-facility, the collateral does not include assets of certain foreign subsidiaries or more than 65% of the issued and outstanding equity interests in certain foreign subsidiaries.  The Term Loan Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type. The Term Loan Facility also provides for customary events of default. 5.375% Senior Notes due 2021 In November 2013, WESCO Distribution issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of  2021 Notes through a private offering exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The 2021 Notes were issued at 100% of par and are governed by an indenture (the “Indenture”) entered into on November 26, 2013 with WESCO International and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2021 Notes are unsecured senior obligations of WESCO Distribution and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by WESCO International. The 2021 Notes bear interest at a stated rate of 5.375%, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year. In addition, WESCO recorded deferred financing fees related to the issuance of the 2021 Notes totaling $8.2 million, which will be amortized over the life of the notes. The 2021 Notes mature on December 15, 2021. The net proceeds of the 2021 Notes were used to prepay a portion of the U.S. Term Loan sub-facility.     Under the terms of a registration rights agreement dated as of November 26, 2013 among WESCO Distribution, Inc., WESCO International, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as the representative of the initial purchasers of the 5.375% Notes, WESCO Distribution and WESCO International agreed to register under the Securities Act notes having terms identical in all material respects to the 5.375% Notes (the “5.375% Exchange Notes”) and to make an offer to exchange the 5.375% Exchange Notes for the 5.375% Notes. WESCO Distribution launched the exchange offer on June 12, 2014 and the exchange offer closed on July 17, 2014. At any time on or after December 15, 2016, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes. Between December 15, 2016 and December 14, 2017, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to 104.031% of the principal amount. Between December 15, 2017 and December 14, 2018, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to 102.688% of the principal amount. Between December 15, 2018 and December 14, 2019, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to 101.344% of the principal amount. On and after December 15, 2019, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount. The Indenture governing the 2021 Notes contains customary covenants and customary events of default. In addition, upon a change of control, the holders of 2021 Notes have the right to require WESCO Distribution to repurchase all or any part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.   Mortgage Financing Facility In 2003, WESCO finalized a mortgage financing facility of $51.0 million. This facility was extinguished with repayments of $26.4 million in the first quarter of 2013. The interest rate on borrowings under this facility was fixed at 6.5%.  Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility 30 Table of Contents On September 20, 2013, WESCO Distribution and its subsidiary WESCO Receivables Corp. entered into an amendment (the “Amendment”) of the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement relating to the Receivables Facility. The Amendment increased the purchase limit under the Receivables Facility from $475 million to $500 million, with the opportunity to exercise an accordion feature which permits increases in the purchase limit of up to an additional $100 million, extended the term of the Receivables Facility to September 20, 2016, and added and amended certain defined terms. The Amendment also reduced the interest rate spread and commitment fee from 1.10% to 0.95% and from 0.55% to 0.45%, respectively. Substantially all other provisions of the Receivables Facility remained unchanged. Under the Receivables Facility, WESCO sells, on a continuous basis, an undivided interest in all domestic accounts receivable to WESCO Receivables Corp., a wholly owned special purpose entity (the “SPE”). The SPE sells, without recourse, a senior undivided interest in the receivables to financial institutions for cash while maintaining a subordinated undivided interest in the receivables, in the form of overcollateralization. WESCO has agreed to continue servicing the sold receivables for the third-party conduits and financial institutions at market rates; accordingly, no servicing asset or liability has been recorded. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , accounts receivable eligible for securitization totaled approximately $673.6 million and $586.4 million, respectively. The Consolidated Balance Sheets as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  include $430.0 million and $453.6 million, respectively, of account receivable balances legally sold to third parties, as well as borrowings for equal amounts. At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the interest rate on borrowings under this facility was approximately 1.0% and 1.2%, respectively. Revolving Credit Facility The Revolving Credit Facility was entered into pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2012 (the “Credit Agreement”), among WESCO Distribution, the other US Borrowers party thereto, WESCO Distribution Canada LP (“WESCO Canada”) and WDCC, as Canadian Borrowers, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian Administrative Agent. Subsequent to the acquisitions of EECOL on December 14, 2012 and Hazmasters on March 17, 2014, EECOL and Hazmasters were added as  Canadian Borrowers. The Revolving Credit Facility contains an accordion feature allowing WESCO Distribution to request increases to the borrowing commitments under the Credit Facility of up to $100 million in the aggregate. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in August 2016 and consists of two separate sub-facilities: (i) a Canadian sub-facility with a borrowing limit of up to $400 million, which is collateralized by substantially all assets of WESCO Canada, WDCC,  EECOL and Hazmasters, and (ii) a U.S. sub-facility with a borrowing limit of up to $600 million less the amount of outstanding borrowings under the Canadian sub-facility. The U.S. sub-facility is collateralized by substantially all assets of WESCO Distribution and its U.S. subsidiaries other than real property and accounts receivable sold or intended to be sold pursuant to the Receivables Facility. Availability under the Revolving Credit Facility is based upon the amount of eligible inventory and receivables applied against certain advance rates. The applicable interest rate for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility includes interest rate spreads based on available borrowing capacity that range between 1.50% and 2.00% for LIBOR and CDOR-based borrowings and 0.50% and 1.00% for prime rate-based borrowings. The otherwise applicable interest rate is reduced by 0.25% if the Company's leverage ratio falls below a ratio of 2.5 to 1.0. At  December 31, 2014 , the interest rate on borrowings under this facility was approximately 2.4%.  The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type. Subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is permitted to pay dividends, repurchase common stock or repurchase indebtedness without limitation so long as pro forma combined availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Receivables Facility exceeds $163.8 million and the adjusted fixed charge ratio is not less than a ratio of 1.1 to 1.0.  During  2014 , WESCO borrowed $1,046.5 million in the aggregate under the Revolving Credit Facility and made repayments in the aggregate amount of $1,059.7 million. During  2013 , aggregate borrowings and repayments were $833.5 million and $1,026.7 million, respectively. WESCO had $497.5 million available under the Revolving Credit facility at December 31,  2014 , after giving effect to outstanding letters and international lines of credit, as compared to approximately $512.2 million at December 31,  2013 . 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2017 On December 10, 2012, WESCO International announced that WESCO Distribution would redeem all of its outstanding 2017 Notes on January 9, 2013 (the “Redemption Date”) at a redemption price equal to 101.25% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, for a total of $1,030 per $1,000 principal amount of 2017 Notes. The aggregate principal amount of 2017 Notes outstanding was $150.0 million. On December 11, 2012, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2005, among WESCO Distribution, WESCO International and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the “Trustee”), WESCO Distribution irrevocably deposited with  31 Table of Contents the Trustee funds sufficient to pay principal and interest of all outstanding 2017 Notes on the Redemption Date. As a result, the Indenture was satisfied and discharged.  International Lines of Credit Certain foreign subsidiaries of WESCO have entered into uncommitted lines of credit, which serve as overdraft facilities, to support local operations. The maximum borrowing limit varies by facility and ranges between $2.0 million and $16.0 million. The applicable interest rate for borrowings under these lines of credit varies by country and is governed by the applicable loan agreement. The international lines of credit are renewable on an annual basis and certain facilities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by WESCO Distribution. Accordingly, these lines directly reduce availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. 1.75% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2026 Proceeds of $300 million were received in connection with the issuance of the 2026 Debentures by WESCO International in November 2006. On August 27, 2009, WESCO International completed an exchange offer pursuant to which it issued $345.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2029 Debentures in exchange for approximately $299.7 million and $57.7 million in aggregate principal amounts of its outstanding 2026 Debentures and 2025 Debentures, respectively (see the 6.0% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029 discussion below for additional information). On November 30, 2011, WESCO International announced that it would redeem all of its 2026 Debentures on January 3, 2012. WESCO International redeemed the remaining $0.1 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding 2026 Debentures at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Following the redemption on January 3, 2012, there were no 2026 Debentures outstanding. 6.0% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029 On August 27, 2009, WESCO International completed an exchange offer pursuant to which it issued $345.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2029 Debentures in exchange for approximately $299.7 million and $57.7 million in aggregate principal amounts of its outstanding 2026 Debentures and 2025 Debentures, respectively. As a result of the debt exchange, WESCO recorded a gain of $6.0 million, which included the write-off of debt issuance costs. The 2029 Debentures were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated August 27, 2009 (the “Indenture”), with The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and are unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured senior subordinate basis by WESCO Distribution.  WESCO utilized an interest rate of 13.875% to reflect the non-convertible debt borrowing rate of its offering upon issuance, which was determined based on discussions with its financial institutions and a review of relevant market data, and resulted in a $181.2 million discount to the 2029 Debenture balance and a net increase in additional capital of $106.5 million. In addition, the financing costs related to the issuance of the 2029 Debentures were allocated between the debt and equity components.  WESCO is amortizing the debt discount and financing costs over the life of the instrument. For the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and 2012, non-cash interest expense was  $9.5 million ,  $9.8 million  and  $2.3 million , including $4.1 million, $4.3 million and $2.3 million of debt discount amortization, and the amortization of deferred financing fees of $4.4 million, $4.9 million and $2.6 million, respectively. The debt discount amortization will approximate $3.9 million in  2015 , $4.4 million in  2016 , $5.1 million in  2017 , $5.8 million in  2018 , and $6.6 million in  2019 . The amortization of deferred financing fees will approximate $4.5 million in  2015 , $3.9 million in  2016  and $2.5 million in  2017 ,  2018  and  2019 , respectively. While the 2029 Debentures accrue interest at an effective interest rate of 13.875% (as described above), the coupon interest rate of 6.0% per annum is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15. Beginning with the six-month period commencing September 15, 2016, WESCO International will also pay contingent interest during any six-month period in which the trading price of the 2029 Debentures for each of the five trading days ending on the second trading day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable six-month interest period equals or exceeds 120% of the principal amount of the 2029 Debentures. During any six-month period when contingent interest shall be payable, the contingent interest payable per $1,000 principal amount of 2029 Debentures will equal 0.25% of the average trading price of $1,000 principal amount of the 2029 Debentures during the five trading days ending on the second trading day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable six-month interest period. In accordance with guidance related to derivatives and hedging, the contingent interest feature of the 2029 Debentures is an embedded derivative that is not considered clearly and closely related to the host contract. The contingent interest component had no significant value at  December 31, 2014  or  2013 . The 2029 Debentures are convertible into cash, and in certain circumstances, shares of WESCO International's common stock, $0.01 par value, at any time on or after September 15, 2028, or prior to September 15, 2028 in certain circumstances. The 2029 Debentures will be convertible based on an initial conversion rate of 34.6433 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 2029 Debentures (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $28.87 per share). The conversion rate and conversion price may be adjusted under certain circumstances.  At any time on or after September 15, 2016, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 2029 Debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest (including contingent interest and additional interest, if any) to, but not including, the redemption date. If  32 Table of Contents WESCO International undergoes certain fundamental changes, as defined in the Indenture, prior to maturity, holders of the 2029 Debentures will have the right, at their option, to require WESCO International to repurchase for cash some or all of their 2029 Debentures at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Debentures being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including contingent interest and additional interest, if any) to, but not including, the repurchase date. The following table sets forth the components of WESCO's outstanding convertible debenture indebtedness:    December 31, 2014   December 31, 2013   Principal Balance   Discount   Net Carrying Amount   Principal Balance   Discount   Net Carrying Amount (In thousands)                       2029 Convertible Debentures 344,895   (167,257 )   177,638   344,901   (170,752 )   174,149 Covenant Compliance We were in compliance with all relevant covenants contained in our debt agreements as of December 31,  2014 . Cash Flow An analysis of cash flows for  2014  and  2013  follows: Operating Activities . Cash provided by operating activities for  2014  totaled  $251.2 million , compared with $ 315.1 million  of cash generated in  2013 . Cash provided by operating activities included net income of $ 275.4 million  and adjustments to net income totaling  $83.9 million . Other sources of cash in  2014  were generated from increases in accounts payable of  $37.6 million , accrued payroll and benefit costs of  $7.6 million , and other current and noncurrent liabilities of  $11.2 million . Primary uses of cash in  2014  included a  $89.0 million  increase in trade receivables, a $ 36.8 million  increase in inventory, a  $27.0 million  increase in prepaid expenses and other noncurrent assets, and a  $11.7 million  increase in other accounts receivable. In  2013 , primary sources of cash were net income of $ 276.5 million  and adjustments to net income totaling $122.1 million. An increase in accounts payable of $37.8 million also provided a source of cash in 2013. Primary uses of cash in 2013 included a $43.0 million increase in other accounts receivable, a $30.5 million increase in trade receivables, a $19.2 million decrease in accrued payroll and benefit costs, a $19.2 million increase in prepaid expenses and other noncurrent assets, and $9.3 million for the increase in inventory.  Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing activities in  2014  was $ 144.2 million , compared with $ 18.2 million  of net cash used in  2013 . Capital expenditures were $ 20.5 million  and $ 27.8 million  in  2014  and  2013 , respectively. Proceeds from the sale of assets were  $15.0 million  and  $10.8 million  in  2014  and  2013 , respectively. During 2014, the Company paid  $133.8 million  to acquire LaPrairie, Hazmasters and Hi-Line. Acquisition payments in  2014  also included a post-close payment to EECOL in the amount of $4.8 million.   Financing Activities . Net cash used in financing activities in  2014  was $ 95.5 million , compared with $ 257.5 million  in  2013 . During  2014 , financing activities consisted of borrowings and repayments of $1,046.5 million and $1,059.7 million, respectively, related to our Revolving Credit Facility, borrowings and repayments of $122.1 million and $145.7 million, respectively, related to our Receivables Facility, and repayments of $38.8 million related to our Term Loan Facility. Financing activities in  2014  also included borrowings and repayments on our various international lines of credit of $71.3 million and $57.8 million, respectively. During 2013, financing activities consisted of borrowings and repayments of $833.5 million and $1,026.7 million, respectively, related to our Revolving Credit Facility, borrowings and repayments of $96.5 million and $87.9 million, respectively, related to our Receivables Facility, repayments of $541.2 million related to our Term Loan Facility, borrowings of $500.0 million related to the Senior 2021 Notes, and repayments of $26.4 million that extinguished our mortgage financing facility. Financing activities in 2013 also included borrowings and repayments on our various international lines of credit of $72.9 million and $58.3 million, respectively.   Contractual Cash Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments The following summarizes our contractual obligations, including interest, at December 31,  2014  and the effect such obligations are expected to have on liquidity and cash flow in future periods. 33 Table of Contents   2015   2016 to 2017   2018 to 2019   2020 - After   Total (In millions)                   Contractual cash obligations (including interest):                     Debt, excluding debt discount $ 49.1   $ 442.7   $ 3.2   $ 1,090.9   $ 1,585.9   Interest on indebtedness (1) 66.0   119.7   116.5   263.1   565.3   Non-cancelable operating leases 67.2   105.6   66.1   77.4   316.3 Total contractual cash obligations $ 182.3   $ 668.0   $ 185.8   $ 1,431.4   $ 2,467.5 (1) Interest on the variable rate debt was calculated using the rates and balances outstanding at December 31,  2014 . Purchase orders for inventory requirements and service contracts are not included in the table above. Generally, our purchase orders and contracts contain clauses allowing for cancellation. We do not have significant agreements to purchase material or goods that would specify minimum order quantities. Also, we do not consider liabilities for uncertain tax benefits to be contractual obligations requiring disclosure due to the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate settlement and timing of these liabilities. As such, we have not included liabilities for uncertain tax benefits of $16.8 million in the table above. Inflation The rate of inflation, as measured by changes in the producer price index, affects different commodities, the cost of products purchased and ultimately the pricing of our different products and product classes to our customers. Our pricing related to inflation did not have a material impact on our sales revenue for the year ended December 31,  2014 . Historically, price changes from suppliers have been consistent with inflation and have not had a material impact on the results of operations. Seasonality Our operating results are not significantly affected by seasonal factors. Sales during the first quarter are affected by a reduced level of activity.  Sales during the second, third and fourth quarters are generally 4 - 6% higher than the first quarter.  Sales typically increase beginning in March, with slight fluctuations per month through October.  During periods of economic expansion or contraction our sales by quarter have varied significantly from this pattern. Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards See Note 2 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements. 34 Table of Contents Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. Foreign Currency Risks Approximately  29%  of our sales in  2014  were made by our foreign subsidiaries located in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia and are denominated in foreign currencies. We may establish additional foreign subsidiaries in the future. Accordingly, we may derive a larger portion of our sales from international operations, and a portion of these sales may be denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, our future operating results could become subject to fluctuations in the exchange rates of those currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar. Furthermore, to the extent that we engage in international sales denominated in U.S. dollars, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our products less competitive in international markets. We have monitored and will continue to monitor our exposure to currency fluctuations. Interest Rate Risk Fixed Rate Borrowings : Approximately 54% of our debt portfolio is comprised of fixed rate debt. At various times, we have refinanced our debt to mitigate the impact of interest rate fluctuations. As the 2021 Notes and 2029 Debentures were issued at fixed rates, interest expense would not be impacted by interest rate fluctuations, although market value would be. The aggregate fair value of the 2021 Notes and 2029 Debentures was $504.4 million and $936.1 million, respectively, at  December 31, 2014 . Interest expense on our other fixed rate debt also would not be impacted by changes in market interest rates. For this fixed rate debt, fair value approximated carrying value at  December 31, 2014  (see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Floating Rate Borrowings : The Company's variable rate borrowings at  December 31, 2014  were comprised of the amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility, Receivables Facility, Revolving Credit Facility, and the international lines of credit. The fair value of these debt instruments at  December 31, 2014  approximated carrying value, which totaled $737.1 million. We entered into the Term Loan Facility on December 12, 2012 and the proceeds were primarily used to finance the acquisition of EECOL. Borrowings under the U.S. and Canadian sub-facilities of the Term Loan Facility bear interest at 0.75% and 1.0%, respectively, or, if greater, the applicable LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) / CDOR (Canadian Dealer Offered Rate) or base rates plus applicable margins and therefore are subject to fluctuations in interest rates. We borrow under our Revolving Credit Facility and Receivables Facility for general corporate purposes, including working capital requirements and capital expenditures. Borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at the applicable LIBOR / CDOR or base rates plus applicable margins, whereas, borrowings under the Receivables Facility bear interest at the 30 day LIBOR plus applicable margins. A 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a significant impact on future earnings under our current capital structure. 35 Table of Contents                      Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The information required by this item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Specific financial statements can be found at the pages listed below: WESCO International, Inc.   PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 37 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 38 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 39 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 40 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 41 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 42 36 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of WESCO International, Inc.: In our opinion, the consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of WESCO International, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index   appearing under Item 15 (a)(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A.  Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania February 24, 2015   37 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   December 31,   2014   2013   (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Assets   Current Assets:       Cash and cash equivalents $ 128,319   $ 123,725 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $21,084 and $19,309 in 2014 and 2013, respectively 1,117,420   1,045,054 Other accounts receivable 138,745   130,043 Inventories, net 819,502   787,324 Current deferred income taxes (Note 9) 35,916   44,691 Income taxes receivable 56,162   18,426 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 54,274   56,352 Total current assets 2,350,338   2,205,615 Property, buildings and equipment, net (Note 6) 182,725   198,654 Intangible assets, net (Note 3) 429,840   439,167 Goodwill (Note 3) 1,735,440   1,734,391 Deferred income taxes (Note 9) 22,414   26,444 Other assets 33,680   44,622     Total assets $ 4,754,437   $ 4,648,893 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity       Current Liabilities:       Accounts payable $ 765,135   $ 735,097 Accrued payroll and benefit costs (Note 11) 67,935   56,548 Short-term debt (Note 7) 46,787   37,551 Current portion of long-term debt (Note 7) 2,343   2,510 Bank overdrafts 36,048   37,718 Other current liabilities 145,624   182,239 Total current liabilities 1,063,872   1,051,663 Long-term debt, net of discount of $170,367 and $174,686 in 2014 and 2013, respectively (Note 7) 1,366,430   1,447,634 Deferred income taxes (Note 9) 346,743   341,334 Other noncurrent liabilities 49,227   43,471     Total liabilities $ 2,826,272   $ 2,884,102 Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)   Stockholders’ Equity:       Preferred stock, $.01 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding (Note 8) —   — Common stock, $.01 par value; 210,000,000 shares authorized, 58,400,736 and 58,107,304 shares issued and 44,489,989 and 44,267,460 shares outstanding in 2014 and 2013, respectively (Note 8) 584   581 Class B nonvoting convertible common stock, $.01 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized, 4,339,431 issued and no shares outstanding in 2014 and 2013, respectively 43   43 Additional capital (Note 8) 1,102,369   1,082,772 Retained earnings 1,643,914   1,368,386 Treasury stock, at cost; 18,250,178 and 18,179,275 shares in 2014 and 2013, respectively (616,366 )   (610,430 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (201,892 )   (76,543 ) Total WESCO International stockholders' equity 1,928,652   1,764,809 Noncontrolling interest (487 )   (18 )     Total stockholders’ equity 1,928,165   1,764,791     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 4,754,437   $ 4,648,893 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 38 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   Year Ended December 31,   2014   2013   2012   (In thousands, except per share data) Net sales $ 7,889,626   $ 7,513,342   $ 6,579,301 Cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization below) 6,278,584   5,967,892   5,247,855 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,076,808   996,810   961,014 Depreciation and amortization 68,017   67,642   37,561 Income from operations 466,217   480,998   332,871 Interest expense, net 82,064   85,607   47,762 Loss on debt extinguishment (Note 7) —   13,225   3,470 Loss on sale of Argentina business —   2,315   — Income before income taxes 384,153   379,851   281,639 Provision for income taxes (Note 9) 108,716   103,333   79,880 Net income 275,437   276,518   201,759 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest (469 )   88   (18 )   Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 275,906   $ 276,430   $ 201,777 Comprehensive Income:             Foreign currency translation adjustment (120,293 )   (83,172 )   (9,013 )   Post retirement benefit plan adjustments (Note 11) (5,056 )   7,673   —   Comprehensive income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 150,557   $ 200,931   $ 192,764             Earnings per share attributable to WESCO International, Inc. (Note 10)           Basic $ 6.21   $ 6.26   $ 4.62 Diluted $ 5.18   $ 5.25   $ 3.95 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 39 Table of Contents            WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                         Accumulated Other             Class B       Retained               Comprehensive     Common Stock   Common Stock   Additional   Earnings   Treasury Stock   Noncontrolling   Income (Dollars in thousands)   Amount   Shares   Amount   Shares   Capital   (Deficit)   Amount   Shares   Interest   (Loss) Balance, December 31, 2011   $ 571   57,021,523   $ 43   4,339,431   $ 1,036,867   $ 891,789   $ (593,329 )   (17,936,923 )   $ (88 )   $ 10,057 Exercise of stock-based awards, including tax benefit of $11,139   8   829,401           14,310       (12,277 )   (192,669 )         Stock-based compensation expense                   15,088                     Conversion of 2029 debentures     688           (5 )                     Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and retirement of common stock       (27,064 )           (710 )   (847 )   1,556   27,064         Noncontrolling interest                                   (18 )     Net income                       201,777               Translation adjustment                                       (11,101 ) Balance, December 31, 2012   $ 579   57,824,548   $ 43   4,339,431   $ 1,065,550   $ 1,092,719   $ (604,050 )   (18,102,528 )   $ (106 )   $ (1,044 ) Exercise of  stock-based awards, incl uding tax benefit of $2,022   3   304,441           2,052       (7,885 )   (98,857 )         Stock-based compensation expense                   15,917                     Conversion of 2029 debentures   (1 )   425           (2 )                     Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and retirement of common stock     (22,110 )           (745 )   (763 )   1,505   22,110         Noncontrolling interest                                   88     Net income                       276,430                 Translation adjustment                                       (83,172 ) Benefit plan adjustments, net of tax effect of $2,244                                       7,673 Balance, December 31, 2013   $ 581   58,107,304   $ 43   4,339,431   $ 1,082,772   $ 1,368,386   $ (610,430 )   (18,179,275 )   $ (18 )   $ (76,543 ) Exercise of   stock-based awards, in cluding tax benefit of $4,899   3   308,399           5,741       (5,979 )   (72,184 )         Stock-based compensation expense                   14,766                     Conversion of 2029 debentures     134           (1 )                     Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and retirement of common stock       (15,101 )           (909 )   (378 )   43   1,281         Noncontrolling interest                                   (469 )     Net income                       275,906                 Translation adjustment                                       (120,293 ) Benefit plan adjustments, net of tax effect of $2,447                                       (5,056 ) Balance, December 31, 2014   $ 584   58,400,736   $ 43   4,339,431   $ 1,102,369   $ 1,643,914   $ (616,366 )   (18,250,178 )   $ (487 )   $ (201,892 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 40 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   Year Ended December 31,   2014   2013   2012   (In thousands) Operating Activities:           Net income $ 275,437   $ 276,518   $ 201,759 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:           Depreciation and amortization 68,017   67,642   37,561 Stock-based compensation expense 14,766   15,917   15,088 Amortization of debt issuance costs 4,426   4,880   2,655 Amortization of debt discount 4,136   4,308   2,260 Loss on debt extinguishment —   13,229   1,595 Gain on sale of property, buildings and equipment (7,733 )   (4,174 )   (546 ) Loss on sale of Argentina business —   2,315   — Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation (5,705 )   (3,631 )   (11,358 ) Interest related to uncertain tax positions 964   599   (2,593 ) Deferred income taxes 4,979   20,634   17,663 Changes in assets and liabilities:           Trade receivables, net (89,029 )   (30,464 )   58,194 Other accounts receivable (11,659 )   (42,983 )   (21,779 ) Inventories, net (36,847 )   (9,339 )   (29,339 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets (27,020 )   (19,196 )   19,588 Accounts payable 37,587   37,789   (24,346 ) Accrued payroll and benefit costs 7,619   (19,163 )   (2,498 ) Other current and noncurrent liabilities 11,218   260   24,280 Net cash provided by operating activities 251,156   315,141   288,184 Investing Activities:           Capital expenditures (20,548 )   (27,825 )   (23,084 ) Acquisition payments, net of cash acquired (138,630 )   —   (1,289,480 ) Proceeds from sale of assets 14,991   10,807   1,558 Other investing activities —   (1,205 )   — Net cash used in investing activities (144,187 )   (18,223 )   (1,311,006 ) Financing Activities:           Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt 71,308   72,895   24,569 Repayments of short-term debt (57,827 )   (58,288 )   (9,969 ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 1,168,580   1,429,956   2,299,797 Repayments of long-term debt (1,244,173 )   (1,682,189 )   (1,244,030 ) Repayment of deferred acquisition payable (29,395 )   —   — Debt issuance costs (472 )   (12,222 )   (17,757 ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 838   30   3,174 Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation 5,705   3,631   11,358 Repurchase of common stock (7,222 )   (7,890 )   (12,280 ) Decrease in bank overdrafts (1,258 )   (1,954 )   (8,283 ) Payments on capital lease obligations (1,574 )   (1,488 )   (2,531 ) Net cash (used) provided by financing activities (95,490 )   (257,519 )   1,044,048 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6,885 )   (1,773 )   1,004 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 4,594   37,626   22,230 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 123,725   86,099   63,869 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period $ 128,319   $ 123,725   $ 86,099 Supplemental disclosures:           Cash paid for interest $ 74,016   $ 75,462   $ 42,935 Cash paid for taxes 107,147   90,678   51,733 Non-cash investing and financing activities:           Property, buildings and equipment acquired through capital leases 1,091   1,970   3,216 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 41 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. ORGANIZATION WESCO International, Inc. ("WESCO International") and its subsidiaries (collectively, “WESCO”), headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a full-line distributor of electrical, industrial and communications maintenance, repair and operating (“MRO”) and original equipment manufactures (“OEM”) products, construction materials, and advanced supply chain management and logistics services used primarily in the industrial, construction, utility and commercial, institutional and government markets. We serve over  75,000  active customers globally, through approximately  485  full service branches and nine distribution centers located primarily in the United States, Canada and Mexico, with operations in  16  additional countries. 2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of WESCO International and all of its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying disclosures. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge of current events and actions WESCO may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from the estimates. Revision Certain amounts in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2013, as presented herein, have been revised to appropriately present current and non-current deferred tax balances as well as current taxes refundable/payable in accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes". Specifically, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities each increased by  $24.7 million  at December 31, 2013. Additionally, prepaid expenses and other current assets increased by  $7.1 million  with a corresponding increase to other current liabilities of  $7.1 million  at December 31, 2013.  Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized for product sales when title, ownership and risk of loss pass to the customer or for services when the service is rendered. In the case of stock sales and special orders, a sale occurs at the time of shipment from WESCO's distribution point, as the terms of WESCO’s sales are typically FOB shipping point. In cases where WESCO processes customer orders but ships directly from its suppliers, revenue is recognized once product is shipped and title has passed. In all cases, revenue is recognized once the sales price to the customer is fixed or is determinable and WESCO has reasonable assurance as to the collectability.  In certain customer arrangements, WESCO provides services such as inventory management. WESCO may perform some or all of the following services for customers: determine inventory stocking levels; establish inventory reorder points; launch purchase orders; receive material; put away material; and pick material for order fulfillment. WESCO recognizes revenue for services rendered during the period based upon a previously negotiated fee arrangement. WESCO also sells inventory to these customers and recognizes revenue at the time title and risk of loss transfers to the customer. The amount of revenue attributed to these services totaled  $31.0 million ,  $24.2 million , and  $17.6 million  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses        WESCO includes warehousing, purchasing, branch operations, information services, and marketing and selling expenses in this category, as well as other types of general and administrative costs. Supplier Volume Rebates WESCO receives volume rebates from certain suppliers based on contractual arrangements with such suppliers. Volume rebates are included within other accounts receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and represent the estimated amounts due to WESCO under the rebate provisions of the various supplier contracts. The corresponding rebate income is recorded as a reduction of cost of goods sold. The appropriate level of such income is derived from the level of actual purchases made by WESCO from suppliers. Receivables under the supplier rebate program were  $82.6 million  at  December 31, 2014  and  $75.0 million  at  December 31, 2013 . Supplier volume rebate rates have historically ranged between approximately  0.8%  and  1.4%  of sales depending on market conditions. In  2014 , the rebate rate was  1.4% . Shipping and Handling Costs and Fees 42 Table of Contents WESCO records the costs and fees associated with transporting its products to customers as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. These costs totaled  $63.6 million ,  $63.8 million  and  $49.9 million  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents are defined as highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less when purchased. Asset Securitization WESCO maintains control of the receivables transferred pursuant to its accounts receivable securitization program (the “Receivables Facility”); therefore, the transfers do not qualify for “sale” treatment. As a result, the transferred receivables remain on the balance sheet, and WESCO recognizes the related secured borrowing. The expenses associated with the Receivables Facility are reported as interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts WESCO maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. WESCO has a systematic procedure using estimates based on historical data and reasonable assumptions of collectability made at the local branch level and on a consolidated corporate basis to calculate the allowance for doubtful accounts. If the financial condition of WESCO’s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. The allowance for doubtful accounts was  $21.1 million  at  December 31, 2014  and  $19.3 million  at  December 31, 2013 . The total amount recorded as selling, general and administrative expense related to bad debts was  $5.9 million ,  $2.9 million  and  $1.1 million  for  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. Inventories Inventories primarily consist of merchandise purchased for resale and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined principally under the average cost method. WESCO makes provisions for obsolete or slow-moving inventories as necessary to reflect reduction in inventory value. WESCO writes down its inventory to its net realizable value based on internal factors derived from historical analysis of actual losses. Retrospectively, WESCO identifies items at risk of becoming obsolete, which are defined as excess of 36 months supply relative to demand or movement. WESCO then analyzes the ultimate disposition of previously identified excess inventory items when they are sold, returned to supplier, or scrapped. This item by item analysis allows WESCO to develop an estimate of the historical likelihood that an item identified as being in excess supply ultimately becomes obsolete. WESCO applies the estimate to inventory items currently in excess of 36 months supply, and reduces its inventory carrying value by the derived amount. Reserves for excess and obsolete inventories were  $19.9 million  and  $17.4 million  at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. The total expense related to excess and obsolete inventories, included in cost of goods sold, was  $6.2 million ,  $7.5 million  and  $11.4 million  for  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. WESCO absorbs into the cost of inventory certain overhead expenses related to inventory such as purchasing, receiving and storage and at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 ,  $62.5 million  and  $62.1 million , respectively, of these costs were included in ending inventory. Other Assets WESCO amortizes deferred financing fees over the term of the various debt instruments. Deferred financing fees in the amount of  $0.5 million  were incurred during the year ending  December 31, 2014 . As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the amount of other assets related to unamortized deferred financing fees was  $20.7 million  and  $24.8 million , respectively. Property, Buildings and Equipment Property, buildings and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation expense is determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over either their respective lease terms or their estimated lives, whichever is shorter. Estimated useful lives range from  five to forty years  for leasehold improvements and buildings and  three to ten years  for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Capitalized computer software costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life, typically  three to five years , and are reported at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Expenditures for new facilities and improvements that extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any related gains or losses are recorded and reported as selling, general and administrative expenses. WESCO assesses its long-lived assets for impairment by periodically reviewing operating performance and respective utilization of real and tangible assets. Upon closure of any branch, asset usefulness and remaining life are evaluated and charges are taken as appropriate. Of WESCO’s  $182.7 million  net book value of property, plant and equipment as of  43 Table of Contents December 31, 2014 ,  $114.0 million  consists of land, buildings and leasehold improvements and are geographically dispersed among WESCO’s  485  branches and nine distribution centers, mitigating the risk of impairment. Approximately  $31.5 million  of assets consist of computer equipment and capitalized software and are evaluated for use and serviceability relative to carrying value. The remaining fixed assets, mainly furniture and fixtures, warehousing equipment and transportation equipment, are similarly evaluated for serviceability and use. Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter using information available at the end of September, or more frequently if events or circumstances occur indicating that their carrying value may not be recoverable. The evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets to the recorded value. WESCO estimates the fair value of goodwill using a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market multiples. Assumptions used for these fair value techniques are based on a combination of historical results, current forecasts, market data and recent economic events. WESCO evaluates the recoverability of indefinite life intangible assets using a discounted cash flow analysis based on projected financial information. The determination of fair value involves significant judgment and management applies its best judgment when assessing the reasonableness of financial projections. At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , goodwill and indefinite life trademarks totaled  $1,840.0 million  and  $1,837.4 million , respectively. No impairment losses were identified in  2014  as a result of this review.   Definite Lived Intangible Assets Intangible assets are amortized over  2  to  20  years. A portion of intangible assets related to certain customer relationships are amortized using an accelerated method whereas all other intangible assets subject to amortization use a straight-line method which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the respective assets are consumed or otherwise used. Intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or circumstances occur indicating that the respective asset might be impaired. Insurance Programs WESCO uses commercial insurance for auto, workers’ compensation, casualty and health claims as a risk-reduction strategy to minimize catastrophic losses. The Company’s strategy involves large deductible policies where WESCO must pay all costs up to the deductible amount. WESCO estimates the reserve based on historical incident rates and costs. The assumptions included in developing this accrual include the period of time from incurrence of a claim until the claim is paid by the insurance provider. The total liability related to the insurance programs was  $12.1 million  at  December 31, 2014  and  $11.4 million  at  December 31, 2013 . Income Taxes We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe these assets are more-likely-than-not to be realized.  In making such determination, we evaluate all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and results of recent operations in determining whether a valuation allowance is needed.  If we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce income tax expense. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is at least more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The amount of the tax benefit that is recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not to be realized upon effective settlement. We will adjust the tax benefit recognized with regard to an uncertain tax position if our judgment changes as the result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Due to the subjectivity inherent in the evaluation of uncertain tax positions, the tax benefit ultimately recognized may materially differ from our estimate. We recognize interest related to uncertain tax benefits as part of interest expense. Penalties are recognized as part of income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties are included within other current and other noncurrent liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. No provision is made for possible U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely. Convertible Debentures 44 Table of Contents WESCO separately accounts for the liability and equity components of its convertible debentures in a manner that reflects its non-convertible debt borrowing rate. WESCO estimates its non-convertible debt borrowing rate through a combination of discussions with its financial institutions and review of relevant market data. The discounts to the convertible note balances are amortized to interest expense, using the effective interest method, over the implicit life of the Debentures. Foreign Currency The local currency is the functional currency for the majority of WESCO’s operations outside the United States. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the end of each period. Income statement accounts are translated at the average exchange rate prevailing during the period. Translation adjustments arising from the use of differing exchange rates from period to period are included as a component of other comprehensive income within stockholders’ equity. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in net income for the period. Defined Benefit Pension Plan In connection with the December 14, 2012 acquisition of EECOL, the Company assumed a contributory defined benefit plan covering all Canadian employees of EECOL. The plan provides retirement benefits based upon earnings and credited service, and participants contribute  2%  or  4%  of their earnings to the plan depending on their employment level.  The Company also assumed EECOL's Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), which provides additional pension benefits to certain executives based on earnings, credited service, and executive service.   Liabilities and expenses for pension benefits are determined using actuarial methodologies and incorporate significant assumptions, including the interest rate used to discount the future estimated cash flows, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (salary increases, retirement age, and mortality). The interest rate used to discount future estimated cash flows is determined using a high quality corporate bonds yield curve model developed with the assistance of an external actuary. The cash flows of the plans' projected benefit obligations are discounted using a single equivalent rate derived from yields on high quality corporate bonds. The yield curve model parallels the plans' projected cash flows. The discount rate used to determine benefit obligations for the Canadian pension was  4.1%  in  2014 . An increase in the discount rate of one quarter percent would decrease the projected benefit obligation by  $5.4 million , and a decrease in the discount rate of one quarter percent would increase the projected benefit obligation by  $6.1 million . The impact of a change in the discount rate of one quarter percent would be either a charge or credit of  $0.4 million  to earnings in the following year. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is applied to the fair market-related value of plan assets.  Stock-Based Compensation WESCO’s stock-based employee compensation plans are comprised of stock options, stock-settled stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, and performance-based awards. Compensation cost for all stock-based awards is measured at fair value on the date of grant, and compensation cost is recognized, net of estimated forfeitures, over the service period for awards expected to vest. The fair value of stock options and stock-settled appreciation rights is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of WESCO’s common stock. The expected life of stock options and stock-settled appreciation rights is estimated using historical data pertaining to option exercises and employee terminations. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant. The forfeiture assumption is based on WESCO’s historical employee behavior that is reviewed on an annual basis. The fair value of restricted stock units is determined by the grant-date closing price of WESCO’s common stock. Performance-based awards are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The probability of meeting market criteria is considered when calculating the estimated fair market value on the date of grant.  These awards are accounted for as awards with market conditions, which are recognized over the service period, regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved and the awards ultimately vest. No dividends are assumed for stock based awards. Treasury Stock Common stock purchased for treasury is recorded at cost. At the date of subsequent reissue, the treasury stock account is reduced by the cost of such stock, with cost determined on a weighted average basis. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company’s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, and outstanding indebtedness. The estimated fair value of the Company’s outstanding indebtedness described in Note 7 at  December 31, 2014  and  2013  was  $2,177.6 million  and  $2,443.9 million , respectively. The aggregate fair value of the 2021 Notes, Term Loan Facility and 2029 Debentures was approximately  $1,692.8 million  and  $1,930.2 million  at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. The fair values of fixed rate facilities are estimated based upon market price quotes. The fair values of the mortgage facility, the Term Loan Facility, the Receivables Facility and the revolving credit facility (the  45 Table of Contents "Revolving Credit Facility") approximated carrying values. The fair values for these facilities are based upon market price quotes and market comparisons available for instruments with similar terms and maturities. For all remaining WESCO financial instruments, carrying values are considered to approximate fair value due to their short maturities. Environmental Expenditures WESCO has facilities and operations that distribute certain products that must comply with environmental regulations and laws. Expenditures for current operations are expensed or capitalized, as appropriate. Expenditures relating to existing conditions caused by past operations, and that do not contribute to future revenue, are expensed. Liabilities are recorded when remedial efforts are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated.   Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In July 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2013-11,  Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists . This ASU updated guidance on the presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. This updated guidance requires entities to present unrecognized tax benefits, or a portion of unrecognized tax benefits, in the financial statements as a reduction to deferred tax assets for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward, with certain exceptions. This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2013. WESCO adopted this guidance in 2014.  Adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on WESCO's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the FASB and International Accounting Standards Board issued a converged final standard on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. This updated guidance provides a framework for addressing revenue recognition issues and replaces almost all existing revenue recognition guidance in current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The core principle of the new standard is for companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard will also result in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provide guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively, and improve guidance for multiple-element arrangements. This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Management has not yet evaluated the future impact of this guidance on WESCO's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In September 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU describes how an entity should assess its ability to meet obligations and sets disclosure requirements for how this information should be disclosed in the financial statements. The standard provides accounting guidance that will be used with existing auditing standards. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have an impact on WESCO's consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.    Other pronouncements issued by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or are not expected to be significant to WESCO’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 3. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS Goodwill The following table sets forth the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   (In thousands) Beginning balance January 1 $ 1,734,391   $ 1,777,797 Foreign currency exchange rate changes (61,347 )   (49,120 ) Additions to goodwill for acquisitions 62,396   5,714 Ending balance December 31 $ 1,735,440   $ 1,734,391 WESCO has never recorded an impairment loss related to goodwill. At  December 31, 2014 , the estimated fair values of our reporting units were at least  25%  greater than their respective carrying values.   46 Table of Contents Intangible Assets The components of intangible assets are as follows:   December 31, 2014       December 31, 2013   Life   Gross Carrying Amount  (1)   Accumulated Amortization  (1)   Net Carrying Amount   Gross Carrying Amount  (1)   Accumulated Amortization  (1)   Net Carrying Amount   (In thousands) Intangible assets:                           Trademarks Indefinite   $ 104,532   $ —   $ 104,532   $ 101,867   $ —   $ 101,867 Trademarks 4-15   5,085   (594 )   4,491   1,648   (218 )   1,430 Non-compete agreements 2-7   295   (95 )   200   —   —   — Customer relationships 2-20   342,224   (76,267 )   265,957   324,957   (48,630 )   276,327 Distribution agreements 10-19   40,222   (14,340 )   25,882   37,663   (11,729 )   25,934 Patents 10   48,310   (19,532 )   28,778   48,310   (14,701 )   33,609       $ 540,668   $ (110,828 )   $ 429,840   $ 514,445   $ (75,278 )   $ 439,167 (1)   Excludes the original cost and accumulated amortization of fully-amortized intangibles. Amortization expense related to intangible assets totaled  $39.0 million ,  $38.6 million  and  $15.1 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively.   The following table sets forth the estimated amortization expense for intangibles for the next five years (in thousands):   Estimated   Amortization For the year ended December 31, Expense 2015 $ 37,279 2016 36,109 2017 35,205 2018 33,625 2019 32,307 WESCO has never recorded an impairment loss related to intangible assets. 4. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK AND SIGNIFICANT SUPPLIERS WESCO distributes its products and services and extends credit to a large number of customers in the industrial, construction, utility, commercial, institutional, and governmental markets. Our largest supplier in  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  was Eaton Corporation, accounting for approximately  12%  of our purchases in each year. Therefore, WESCO could potentially incur risk due to supplier concentration. Based upon WESCO’s broad customer base, the Company has concluded that it has no material credit risk as a result of customer concentration. 5. ACQUISITIONS The following table sets forth the consideration paid for acquisitions: 47 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31 2014 2013 2012 (In thousands)       Details of acquisitions:       Fair value of assets acquired $ 153,597 $ — $ 1,609,785 Fair value of liabilities assumed (19,772 ) — (288,005 ) Cash paid for acquisitions $ 133,825 $ — $ 1,321,780 Supplemental cash flow disclosure related to acquisitions:       Cash paid for acquisitions $ 133,825 $ — $ 1,321,780 Less: cash acquired — — (32,100 ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired $ 133,825 $ — $ 1,289,680 The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were based upon preliminary calculations and valuations. Our estimates and assumptions for our preliminary purchase price allocation are subject to change as we obtain additional information for our estimates during the respective measurement periods (up to one year from the respective acquisition dates).  Acquisition of LaPrairie, Inc. On  February 1, 2014 , WESCO Distribution, Inc., through its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, completed the acquisition of LaPrairie, Inc. ("LaPrairie"), a wholesale distributor of electrical products that services the transmission, distribution, and substation needs of utilities and utility contractors with approximately  $30 million  in annual sales from a single location in Newmarket, Ontario. WESCO funded the price paid at closing with cash. The purchase price was allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The preliminary fair value of intangibles was determined by management and the allocation resulted in intangible assets of  $11.0 million  and goodwill of  $8.9 million . Management believes the majority of goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition of Hazmasters, Inc. On  March 17, 2014 , WESCO Distribution, Inc., through its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, completed the acquisition of Hazmasters, Inc. ("Hazmasters"), a leading independent Canadian distributor of safety products servicing customers in the industrial, construction, commercial, institution, and government markets with approximately  $80 million  in annual sales from 14 branches across Canada. WESCO funded the price paid at closing with cash and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The purchase price was allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The preliminary fair value of intangibles was estimated by management and the allocation resulted in intangible assets of  $28.1 million  and goodwill of  $29.5 million , which is not deductible for tax purposes.    Acquisition of Hi-Line Utility Supply On  June 11, 2014 , WESCO Distribution, Inc., completed the acquisition of Hi-Line Utility Supply ("Hi-Line"), a provider of utility MRO and safety products, as well as rubber goods testing and certification services, with approximately  $30 million  in annual sales from locations in Chicago, Illinois and Millbury, Massachusetts. WESCO funded the price paid at closing with cash and borrowings under our variable rate credit facilities. The purchase price was allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The preliminary fair value of intangibles was estimated by management and the allocation resulted in intangible assets of  $14.2 million  and goodwill of  $24.0 million . Management believes the majority of goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. For the acquisitions of LaPrairie, Hazmasters, and Hi-Line made in 2014, the intangible assets include customer relationships of  $38.9 million  amortized over  2  to  12  years, supplier relationships of  $3.2 million  amortized over  10  years, trademarks of  $10.9 million , and other intangibles of  $0.3 million  as of December 31, 2014. Certain trademarks have been assigned an indefinite life while others are amortized over  5  years. No residual value is estimated for the intangible assets being amortized. Acquisition of EECOL Electric Corporation On  December 14, 2012 , WESCO International completed its acquisition of EECOL Electric Corporation (“EECOL”). WESCO paid at closing a cash purchase price of approximately  $1.1 billion , of which  $50.8 million  was placed in escrow to address post-closing purchase price adjustments and potential indemnification claims. The remaining escrow was distributed to the sellers in 2014. To fund the purchase price paid at closing, WESCO and its subsidiaries borrowed  $851 million  under new  48 Table of Contents term loans and  $264 million  under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Company incurred  $4.0 million  in acquisition costs related to the EECOL acquisition in 2012. With the acquisition of EECOL, WESCO obtained a  60%  ownership in a joint venture. This entity has been consolidated. The noncontrolling interest recognized income of less than  $0.1 million  in  2014  and  2013 , respectively. EECOL is a full-line distributor of electrical equipment, products and services with approximately  57  locations across Canada and approximately  20  in South America. EECOL has a warehouse-based business focused on serving industrial, oil, gas, mining, utility, and commercial and residential construction customers.  The preliminary purchase price was allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated by management and the allocation resulted in intangible assets of  $301.7 million  and goodwill of  $676.1 million  which is not deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets include customer relationships of  $246 million  amortized over  20 years  and trademarks of  $55.7 million . Trademarks have an indefinite life and are not being amortized. No residual value is estimated for these intangible assets. The goodwill arising from the acquisition is based largely on the depth and diversity of name brand products, warehouse locations, and a highly-trained and knowledgeable workforce. The purchase price allocation was finalized in 2013 and the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired were adjusted at that time, resulting in an increase to goodwill of  $5.7 million , a decrease in all other assets of  $0.9 million , and a corresponding increase in liabilities of  $4.8 million . Approximately  $31.5 million  of the  $32.1 million  of cash and equivalents that was transferred to the Company was remitted back to the sellers in 2014 along with approximately  $4.8 million  of post-closing purchase price adjustments.   The following summary presents the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the EECOL acquisition.   EECOL (In thousands)   Assets Acquired   Cash and cash equivalents $ 32,071 Trade accounts receivable 137,161 Other accounts receivable 23,284 Inventories 118,129 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 21,113 Property, buildings and equipment 73,097 Intangible assets 301,676 Goodwill 676,070 Other noncurrent assets 16,666 Total assets acquired 1,399,267     Liabilities Assumed   Accounts payable 76,549 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 66,680 Short-term debt 5,734 Deferred income taxes - long-term 75,682 Long-term debt 6,205 Other long-term liabilities 47,760 Total liabilities assumed 278,610     Fair value of net assets acquired, including intangible assets $ 1,120,657 The operating results of EECOL have been included in WESCO's consolidated financial statements since December 14, 2012. EECOL contributed  $24.1 million  to 2012 net sales. Unaudited pro forma results of operations (in thousands, except per  49 Table of Contents share data) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 are included below as if the acquisition occurred on the first day of the period. This summary of the unaudited pro forma results of operations is not necessarily indicative of what WESCO's results of operations would have been had EECOL been acquired at the beginning of 2012, nor does it purport to represent results of operations for any future periods.   Year Ended December 31 2012 (In thousands, except per share data)   Net Sales $ 7,493,978 Net Income 263,149 Earnings per common share:   Basic $ 6.02 Diluted $ 5.15 Acquisition of RS Electronics On  January 3, 2012 , WESCO completed its acquisition of RS Electronics, a leading North American distributor of electronic products serving primarily the industrial, medical equipment, automotive, and contract manufacturing end markets with eight branches located in the Midwest and southeastern United States and approximately  $60.0 million  in annual sales. The purchase price was allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired, including intangible assets, has been allocated to goodwill. The fair value of intangible assets was estimated by management and the allocation resulted in goodwill of  $12.2 million .  Management believes the majority of goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition of Trydor Industries (Canada), Ltd. On  July 3, 2012 , WESCO completed its acquisition of Trydor Industries (Canada), Ltd. (“Trydor”) through one of its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiaries. Trydor is a full-line distributor of high-voltage electrical products and services addressing the transmission, substation and distribution network needs for utilities, independent power producers and utility contractors in Canada with approximately  $35.0 million  in annual sales. The purchase price was allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired, including intangible assets, has been allocated to goodwill. The fair value of intangible assets was estimated by management and the allocation resulted in goodwill and intangible assets of  $19.1 million  and  $11.8 million , respectively. Management believes the majority of goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets include customer relationships of  $8.9 million  amortized over  10  years, supplier relationships of  $2.7 million  amortized over  10  years and trademarks of  $0.2 million  amortized over  4  years. No residual value is estimated for the intangible assets.  Acquisition of Conney Safety Products, LLC On  July 9, 2012 , WESCO completed the acquisition of Conney Safety Products, LLC, a distributor of MRO safety products with approximately  $85 million  in annual sales. The purchase price was allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired, including intangible assets, has been allocated to goodwill. The fair value of intangible assets was estimated by management and the allocation resulted in goodwill and intangible assets of  $83.6 million  and  $45.3 million , respectively. Management believes the majority of goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets include customer relationships of  $40.3 million  amortized over  12  years, a trademark of  $1.5 million  amortized over  15  years, and a trademark valued at  $3.5 million  with an indefinite life. No residual value is estimated for the intangible assets.  6. PROPERTY, BUILDINGS AND EQUIPMENT The following table sets forth the components of property, buildings and equipment: 50 Table of Contents   December 31,   2014   2013   (In thousands) Buildings and leasehold improvements $ 126,465   $ 135,030 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 176,302   167,842 Software costs 77,288   71,633   380,055   374,505 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (229,196 )   (213,758 )   150,859   160,747 Land 30,818   34,714 Construction in progress 1,048   3,193   $ 182,725   $ 198,654 Depreciation expense was  $18.5 million ,  $18.2 million  and  $14.4 million , and capitalized software amortization was  $10.5 million ,  $10.8 million  and  $8.1 million , in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The unamortized software cost was  $24.1 million   and  $27.1 million  as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. Furniture, fixtures and equipment include capitalized leases of  $13.2 million  and  $11.7 million  and related accumulated amortization of  $7.3 million  and  $6.2 million  as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. 7. DEBT The following table sets forth WESCO’s outstanding indebtedness:   As of December 31,   2014   2013   (In thousands) Term Loan Facility, less debt discount of $3,110 and $3,934 in 2013 and 2012, respectively $ 249,235   $ 296,295 Senior Notes due 2021 500,000   500,000 Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility 430,000   453,600 Revolving Credit Facility 8,000   22,558 International lines of credit 46,787   37,551 6.0% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029, less debt discount of $167,257 and $170,752 in 2013 and 2012, respectively 177,638   174,149 Capital leases 3,891   3,505 Other notes 9   37 Total debt 1,415,560   1,487,695 Less current and short-term portion (49,130 )   (40,061 ) Total long-term debt $ 1,366,430   $ 1,447,634 Term Loan Facility  On December 12, 2012, WESCO Distribution, as U.S. borrower, WDCC (WDCC and together with WESCO Distribution, the “Borrowers”), as Canadian borrower, and WESCO International entered into a Term Loan Agreement (the “Term Loan Agreement”) among WESCO Distribution, WDCC, the Company, the lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and as collateral agent.  The Term Loan Agreement provided a seven-year term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility”), which consisted of two separate sub-facilities: (i) a Canadian sub-facility in an aggregate principal amount of CAD  $150 million , issued at a  2.0%  discount and (ii) a U.S. sub-facility in an aggregate principal amount of  $700 million , issued at a  1.0%  discount.  The proceeds of the Term Loan Facility were used to finance the acquisition of EECOL, to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition and certain other transactions. Subject to the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, the Borrowers may request incremental term loans from time to time in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time  $300 million , with an equivalent principal amount in U.S. Dollars being calculated for any incremental term loan denominated in Canadian Dollars.   51 Table of Contents On November 19, 2013, the Borrowers and WESCO International entered into an amendment (the “Term Loan Amendment”) to the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Amendment, among other things, reduced the applicable margin on U.S. term loans by  0.50%  and the LIBOR floor applicable to the U.S. sub-facility from  1.00%  to  0.75% . The modified pricing terms were effective December 13, 2013. On November 26, 2013, WESCO Distribution sold  $500 million  aggregate principal amount of  5.375%  Senior Notes due 2021 (the “2021 Notes”), and used the net proceeds plus excess cash to prepay  $500 million  under the Company's U.S. sub-facility of the Term Loan Facility (see discussion below under “5.375% Senior Notes due 2021” for additional information). The prepayment satisfied all remaining quarterly repayment obligations under the U.S. sub-facility. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax loss on debt extinguishment of  $13.2 million  in the fourth quarter of 2013. WESCO will amortize the remaining debt discount and financing costs over the life of the instrument. As of  December 31, 2014 , the amounts outstanding under the U.S. and Canadian sub-facilities were  $174.8 million  and  $77.6 million , respectively. Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at base rates plus applicable margins. At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the interest rates on borrowings under the Canadian sub-facility and U.S. sub-facility were approximately  5.3%  and  3.75% , respectively. The Canadian Borrower will pay quarterly installments of principal equal to  0.25%  of the original principal amount of its term loan sub-facility, plus accrued and unpaid interest. To the extent not previously paid, the term loans will become due and payable on December 12, 2019, with any unpaid incremental term loans becoming due and payable on the respective maturity dates applicable to those incremental term loans. At any time or from time to time, the Borrowers may prepay borrowings under the Term Loan Facility in whole or in part without premium or penalty. The Borrowers' obligations under the Term Loan Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Borrowers, the Company and certain of the Company's other subsidiaries; provided that, with respect to borrowings under the U.S. sub-facility, the collateral does not include assets of certain foreign subsidiaries or more than 65% of the issued and outstanding equity interests in certain foreign subsidiaries.  The Term Loan Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type. The Term Loan Facility also provides for customary events of default. 5.375% Senior Notes due 2021 In November 2013, WESCO Distribution issued  $500 million  aggregate principal amount of  2021 Notes through a private offering exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The 2021 Notes were issued at 100% of par and are governed by an indenture (the “Indenture”) entered into on November 26, 2013 with WESCO International and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2021 Notes are unsecured senior obligations of WESCO Distribution and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by WESCO International. The 2021 Notes bear interest at a stated rate of  5.375% , payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year. In addition, WESCO recorded deferred financing fees related to the issuance of the 2021 Notes totaling  $8.2 million , which will be amortized over the life of the notes. The 2021 Notes mature on December 15, 2021. The net proceeds of the 2021 Notes were used to prepay a portion of the U.S. Term Loan sub-facility.  Under the terms of a registration rights agreement dated as of November 26, 2013 among WESCO Distribution, Inc., WESCO International, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as the representative of the initial purchasers of the 5.375% Notes, WESCO Distribution and WESCO International agreed to register under the Securities Act notes having terms identical in all material respects to the 5.375% Notes (the “5.375% Exchange Notes”) and to make an offer to exchange the 5.375% Exchange Notes for the 5.375% Notes. WESCO Distribution launched the exchange offer on June 12, 2014 and the exchange offer closed on July 17, 2014.    At any time on or after December 15, 2016, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes. Between December 15, 2016 and December 14, 2017, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to  104.031%  of the principal amount. Between December 15, 2017 and December 14, 2018, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to  102.688%  of the principal amount. Between December 15, 2018 and December 14, 2019, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to  101.344%  of the principal amount. On and after December 15, 2019, WESCO Distribution may redeem all or a part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to  100%  of the principal amount. The Indenture governing the 2021 Notes contains customary covenants and customary events of default. In addition, upon a change of control, the holders of 2021 Notes have the right to require WESCO Distribution to repurchase all or any part of the 2021 Notes at a redemption price equal to  101%  of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.   Mortgage Financing Facility In 2003, WESCO finalized a mortgage financing facility of  $51.0 million . This facility was extinguished with repayments of  $26.4 million  in the first quarter of 2013. The interest rate on borrowings under this facility was fixed at  6.5% .  52 Table of Contents Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility On September 20, 2013, WESCO Distribution and its subsidiary WESCO Receivables Corp. entered into an amendment (the “Amendment”) of the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement relating to the Receivables Facility. The Amendment increased the purchase limit under the Receivables Facility from  $475 million  to  $500 million , with the opportunity to exercise an accordion feature which permits increases in the purchase limit of up to an additional  $100 million , extended the term of the Receivables Facility to September 20, 2016, and added and amended certain defined terms. The Amendment also reduced the interest rate spread and commitment fee from  1.10%  to  0.95%  and from  0.55%  to  0.45% , respectively. Substantially all other provisions of the Receivables Facility remained unchanged. Under the Receivables Facility, WESCO sells, on a continuous basis, an undivided interest in all domestic accounts receivable to WESCO Receivables Corp., a wholly owned special purpose entity (the “SPE”). The SPE sells, without recourse, a senior undivided interest in the receivables to financial institutions for cash while maintaining a subordinated undivided interest in the receivables, in the form of overcollateralization. WESCO has agreed to continue servicing the sold receivables for the third-party conduits and financial institutions at market rates; accordingly, no servicing asset or liability has been recorded. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , accounts receivable eligible for securitization totaled approximately  $673.6 million  and  $586.4 million , respectively. The Consolidated Balance Sheets as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  include  $430.0 million  and  $453.6 million , respectively, of account receivable balances legally sold to third parties, as well as borrowings for equal amounts. At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the interest rate on borrowings under this facility was approximately  1.0%  and  1.2% , respectively. Revolving Credit Facility The revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) was entered into pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2012 (the “Credit Agreement”), among WESCO Distribution, the other US Borrowers party thereto, WESCO Distribution Canada LP (“WESCO Canada”) and WDCC, as Canadian Borrowers, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian Administrative Agent. Subsequent to the acquisitions of EECOL on December 14, 2012 and Hazmasters on March 17, 2014, EECOL and Hazmasters were added as  Canadian Borrowers. The Revolving Credit Facility contains an accordion feature allowing WESCO Distribution to request increases to the borrowing commitments under the Credit Facility of up to  $100 million  in the aggregate. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in August 2016 and consists of two separate sub-facilities: (i) a Canadian sub-facility with a borrowing limit of up to  $400 million , which is collateralized by substantially all assets of WESCO Canada, WDCC,  EECOL and Hazmasters, and (ii) a U.S. sub-facility with a borrowing limit of up to  $600 million  less the amount of outstanding borrowings under the Canadian sub-facility. The U.S. sub-facility is collateralized by substantially all assets of WESCO Distribution and its U.S. subsidiaries other than real property and accounts receivable sold or intended to be sold pursuant to the Receivables Facility. Availability under the Revolving Credit Facility is based upon the amount of eligible inventory and receivables applied against certain advance rates. The applicable interest rate for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility includes interest rate spreads based on available borrowing capacity that range between  1.50%  and  2.00%  for LIBOR and CDOR-based borrowings and  0.50%  and  1.00%  for prime rate-based borrowings. The otherwise applicable interest rate is reduced by 0.25% if the Company's leverage ratio falls below a ratio of  2.5  to  1.0 . At  December 31, 2014 , the interest rate on borrowings under this facility was approximately 2.4%.  The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type. Subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is permitted to pay dividends, repurchase common stock or repurchase indebtedness without limitation so long as pro forma combined availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Receivables Facility exceeds $163.8 million and the adjusted fixed charge ratio is not less than a ratio of 1.1 to 1.0.  During  2014 , WESCO borrowed  $1,046.5 million  in the aggregate under the Revolving Credit Facility and made repayments in the aggregate amount of  $1,059.7 million . During  2013 , aggregate borrowings and repayments were  $833.5 million  and  $1,026.7 million , respectively. WESCO had  $497.5 million  available under the Revolving Credit facility at December 31,  2014 , after giving effect to outstanding letters and international lines of credit, as compared to approximately  $512.2  million at December 31,  2013 . 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2017 On December 10, 2012, WESCO International announced that WESCO Distribution would redeem all of its outstanding 2017 Notes on January 9, 2013 (the “Redemption Date”) at a redemption price equal to  101.25%  of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, for a total of $1,030 per $1,000 principal amount of 2017 Notes. The aggregate principal amount of 2017 Notes outstanding was $150.0 million. On December 11, 2012,  53 Table of Contents in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2005, among WESCO Distribution, WESCO International and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the “Trustee”), WESCO Distribution irrevocably deposited with the Trustee funds sufficient to pay principal and interest of all outstanding 2017 Notes on the Redemption Date. As a result, the Indenture was satisfied and discharged.  International Lines of Credit Certain foreign subsidiaries of WESCO have entered into uncommitted lines of credit, which serve as overdraft facilities, to support local operations.  The maximum borrowing limit varies by facility and ranges between $2.0 million and $16.0 million. The applicable interest rate for borrowings under these lines of credit varies by country and is governed by the applicable loan agreement. The international lines of credit are renewable on an annual basis and certain facilities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by WESCO Distribution. Accordingly, these lines directly reduce availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. 1.75%  Convertible Senior Debentures due 2026 Proceeds of  $300 million  were received in connection with the issuance of the 2026 Debentures by WESCO International in November 2006. On August 27, 2009, WESCO International completed an exchange offer pursuant to which it issued $345.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2029 Debentures in exchange for approximately  $299.7 million  and  $57.7 million  in aggregate principal amounts of its outstanding 2026 Debentures and 2025 Debentures, respectively (see the 6.0% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029 discussion below for additional information). On November 30, 2011, WESCO International announced that it would redeem all of its 2026 Debentures on January 3, 2012. WESCO International redeemed the remaining  $0.1 million  aggregate principal amount of outstanding 2026 Debentures at a redemption price equal to  100%  of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Following the redemption on January 3, 2012, there were no 2026 Debentures outstanding. 6.0% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029 On August 27, 2009, WESCO International completed an exchange offer pursuant to which it issued  $345.0 million  in aggregate principal amount of 2029 Debentures in exchange for approximately  $299.7 million  and  $57.7 million  in aggregate principal amounts of its outstanding 2026 Debentures and 2025 Debentures, respectively. As a result of the debt exchange, WESCO recorded a gain of  $6.0 million , which included the write-off of debt issuance costs. The 2029 Debentures were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated August 27, 2009 (the “Indenture”), with The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and are unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured senior subordinate basis by WESCO Distribution.  WESCO utilized an interest rate of  13.875%  to reflect the non-convertible debt borrowing rate of its offering upon issuance, which was determined based on discussions with its financial institutions and a review of relevant market data, and resulted in a  $181.2 million  discount to the 2029 Debenture balance and a net increase in additional capital of  $106.5 million . In addition, the financing costs related to the issuance of the 2029 Debentures were allocated between the debt and equity components.  WESCO is amortizing the debt discount and financing costs over the life of the instrument. For the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and 2012, non-cash interest expense was  $9.5 million ,  $9.8 million  and  $2.3 million , including  $4.1 million ,  $4.3 million  and  $2.3 million  of debt discount amortization, and the amortization of deferred financing fees of  $4.4 million ,  $4.9 million  and  $2.6 million , respectively. The debt discount amortization will approximate  $3.9 million  in  2015 ,  $4.4 million  in  2016 ,  $5.1 million  in  2017 ,  $5.8 million  in  2018 , and  $6.6 million  in  2019 . The amortization of deferred financing fees will approximate  $4.5 million  in  2015 ,  $3.9 million  in  2016  and  $2.5 million  in  2017 ,  2018  and  2019 , respectively. While the 2029 Debentures accrue interest at an effective interest rate of  13.875%  (as described above), the coupon interest rate of 6.0% per annum is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15. Beginning with the six-month period commencing September 15, 2016, WESCO International will also pay contingent interest during any six-month period in which the trading price of the 2029 Debentures for each of the five trading days ending on the second trading day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable six-month interest period equals or exceeds 120% of the principal amount of the 2029 Debentures. During any six-month period when contingent interest shall be payable, the contingent interest payable per $1,000 principal amount of 2029 Debentures will equal 0.25% of the average trading price of $1,000 principal amount of the 2029 Debentures during the five trading days ending on the second trading day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable six-month interest period. In accordance with guidance related to derivatives and hedging, the contingent interest feature of the 2029 Debentures is an embedded derivative that is not considered clearly and closely related to the host contract. The contingent interest component had no significant value at  December 31, 2014  or  2013 . The 2029 Debentures are convertible into cash, and in certain circumstances, shares of WESCO International's common stock,  $0.01  par value, at any time on or after September 15, 2028, or prior to September 15, 2028 in certain circumstances.  The 2029 Debentures will be convertible based on an initial conversion rate of 34.6433 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 2029 Debentures (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately  $28.87  per share). The conversion rate and conversion price may be adjusted under certain circumstances.  54 Table of Contents At any time on or after September 15, 2016, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 2029 Debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest (including contingent interest and additional interest, if any) to, but not including, the redemption date. If WESCO International undergoes certain fundamental changes, as defined in the Indenture, prior to maturity, holders of the 2029 Debentures will have the right, at their option, to require WESCO International to repurchase for cash some or all of their 2029 Debentures at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Debentures being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including contingent interest and additional interest, if any) to, but not including, the repurchase date. The following table sets forth the components of WESCO’s outstanding convertible debenture indebtedness:   December 31, 2014   December 31, 2013   Principal Balance   Discount   Net Carrying Amount   Principal Balance   Discount   Net Carrying Amount (In thousands)                       2029 Convertible Debentures $ 344,895   $ (167,257 )   $ 177,638   $ 344,901   $ (170,752 )   $ 174,149 Covenant Compliance WESCO was in compliance with all relevant covenants contained in its debt agreements as of  December 31, 2014 . The following table sets forth the aggregate principal repayment requirements for all indebtedness for the next five years and thereafter, as of  December 31, 2014 : (In thousands)   2015 $ 49,130 2016 440,763 2017 1,975 2018 1,712 2019 1,530 Thereafter 1,090,817 Total payments on debt 1,585,927 Debt discount on convertible debentures and term loan facility (170,367 ) Total debt $ 1,415,560 WESCO’s credit agreements contain various restrictive covenants that, among other things, impose limitations on (i) dividend payments or certain other restricted payments or investments; (ii) the incurrence of additional indebtedness and guarantees; (iii) creation of liens; (iv) mergers, consolidation or sales of substantially all of WESCO’s assets; (v) certain transactions among affiliates; (vi) payments by certain subsidiaries to WESCO; and (vii) capital expenditures. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility and Receivables Facility require WESCO to meet certain fixed charge coverage tests depending on availability or liquidity, respectively. 8. CAPITAL STOCK Preferred Stock There are  20 million  shares of preferred stock authorized at a par value of  $.01  per share. The Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue all authorized preferred shares in one or more series and to fix the number of shares, designations, voting powers, preferences, optional and other special rights and the restrictions or qualifications thereof. The rights, preferences, privileges and powers of each series of preferred stock may differ with respect to dividend rates, liquidation values, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption provisions and other matters. Common Stock There are  210 million  shares of common stock and  20 million  shares of Class B common stock authorized at a par value of  $.01  per share. The Class B common stock is identical to the common stock, except for voting and conversion rights. The holders of Class B common stock have no voting rights. With certain exceptions, Class B common stock may be converted, at the option of the holder, into the same number of shares of common stock. 55 Table of Contents The terms of the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Agreement provide certain restrictions on declaring or paying dividends. At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , no dividends had been declared and, therefore, no retained earnings were reserved for dividend payments. Additional Capital WESCO separately accounts for the liability and equity components of its 2029 Debentures in a manner that reflects its non-convertible debt borrowing rate. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the net equity included in additional capital related to the 2029 Debentures totaled  $106.3 million , respectively. 9. INCOME TAXES The following table sets forth the components of income before income taxes by jurisdiction:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012       (In thousands)     United States $ 326,934   $ 338,069   $ 255,700 Foreign 57,219   41,782   25,939   $ 384,153   $ 379,851   $ 281,639 The following table sets forth the components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012       (In thousands)     Current taxes:             Federal (1) $ 69,495   $ 48,740   $ 51,132 State 7,161   4,669   6,006 Foreign 27,081   29,290   5,079 Total current 103,737   82,699   62,217 Deferred taxes:           Federal 14,525   32,979   15,034 State 2,522   4,705   1,080 Foreign (12,068 )   (17,050 )   1,549 Total deferred 4,979   20,634   17,663   $ 108,716   $ 103,333   $ 79,880 (1)   Tax benefits related to stock-based awards and other equity instruments recorded directly to additional paid in capital totaled  $5.0 million ,  $2.3 million  and  $11.3 million  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The following table sets forth the reconciliation between the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective rate: 56 Table of Contents   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 Federal statutory rate 35.0  %   35.0  %   35.0  % State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 1.9   2.0   1.8 Nondeductible expenses 0.7   1.0   1.0 Foreign tax rate differences (1.4 )   (0.9 )   (0.9 ) Tax effect of intercompany financing (7.8 )   (8.4 )   (6.3 ) Federal tax credits —   (1.4 )   — Adjustment related to uncertain tax positions (0.2 )   0.5   (0.6 ) Other 0.1   (0.6 )   (1.6 )   28.3  %   27.2  %   28.4  % As of  December 31, 2014 , WESCO’s foreign subsidiaries had unremitted earnings of approximately  $596.6 million , which would be subject to tax at the U.S. tax rate, net of applicable foreign tax credits, including  $497.8 million  attributable to the Company's Canadian operations. WESCO asserts that these earnings are permanently reinvested and, therefore, has not provided a deferred tax liability on these earnings. WESCO’s current plans do not require it to repatriate these earnings to fund liquidity needs in the U.S. and it intends to utilize these earnings to fund growth in foreign markets. It is not practicable for WESCO to determine the deferred tax liability associated with repatriation of these earnings as such determination involves material uncertainties about the potential extent and timing of any distributions, the availability and complexity of calculating foreign tax credits, and the potential indirect tax consequences of such distributions, including withholding taxes. However, if tax were payable at the U.S. statutory rate of  35%  upon repatriation of these earnings, the unrecognized deferred tax liability would be approximately  $208.8 million . The following table sets forth deferred tax assets and liabilities:   December 31   2014   2013       (In thousands)       Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities Accounts receivable $ 3,510   $ —   $ 2,475   $ — Inventory —   2,517   —   4,915 Depreciation —   13,074   —   16,751 Amortization of intangible assets —   246,895   —   243,285 Convertible debt interest —   139,315   —   116,819 Employee benefits 15,297   —   9,574   — Stock based compensation 27,068   —   26,265   — Canada royalty and management fee 25,277   —   25,270   — Foreign tax credits 11,239   —   4,689   — Tax loss carryforwards 25,522   —   36,796   — Other 11,647   6,231   12,618   6,291 Total deferred taxes $ 119,560   $ 408,032   $ 117,687   $ 388,061 As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , WESCO had deferred tax assets of  $18.3 million  and  $30.3 million , respectively, related to Canadian net operating loss carryforwards. The year-over-year reduction in the balance of deferred tax assets related to Canadian net operating loss carryforwards is primarily due to the prospective implementation of ASU 2013-11, as discussed in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which requires jurisdictional netting of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits against certain deferred tax assets. These carryforwards expire beginning in  2033  through  2034 . As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , WESCO had deferred tax assets of  $3.4 million  and  $3.8 million , respectively, related to state net operating loss carryforwards. These carryforwards expire beginning in  2019  through  2029 . Additionally, WESCO had deferred tax assets of  $1.6 million  and  $1.8 million  as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively, related to Mexican net operating loss carryforwards. These carryforwards expire in  2023 . The Company has determined, based upon an evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence, that it more-likely-than-not will utilize these net operating loss carryforwards before expiration and, accordingly, has not recorded any valuation allowance. 57 Table of Contents The Company is under examination by tax authorities in the United States and Canada and remains subject to examination until the applicable statutes of limitation expire. The statutes of limitation for the material jurisdictions in which the Company files income tax returns remain open as follows: United States — Federal   1996 and forward United States — Material States   2011 and forward Canada   2004 and forward The statutes of limitation with respect to the Company’s 1996-2007 U.S. federal income tax returns are open by waiver only, in connection with Mutual Agreement Procedure proceedings under the income tax treaty between the U.S. and Canada. The Mutual Agreement Procedure proceedings with respect to the 1996-2003 U.S. federal income tax returns have concluded and the statute of limitation with respect to these periods is expected to close on January 31, 2016. The statute of limitation with respect to the Company’s 2008 U.S. federal income tax return is open by waiver only, in connection with Advance Pricing Agreement negotiations between the U.S. and Canada. The statute of limitation with respect to the Company’s 2009-2010 U.S. Federal income tax returns is open by waiver in connection with the IRS examination of those years. The recognition and measurement of tax benefits associated with uncertain income tax positions requires the use of judgment and estimates by management, which are inherently subjective. Changes in judgment about uncertain tax positions taken in previous periods may result from new information concerning an uncertain tax position, completion of an audit, or expiration of statutes of limitation. These changes may create volatility in the Company’s effective tax rate in future periods.   The following table sets forth the reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits:   December 31,   2014   2013   2012   (In thousands) Beginning balance January 1 $ 25,548   $ 21,075   $ 20,878 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 69   1,573   929 Additions for tax positions of prior years 191   4,566   1,224 Additions for acquired tax positions 308   1,428   1,825 Reductions for tax positions of prior years (5,608 )   —   (85 ) Settlements (209 )   (2,226 )   (3,400 ) Lapse in statute of limitations (40 )   (310 )   (296 ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes (226 )   (558 )   — Ending balance December 31 $ 20,033   $ 25,548   $ 21,075 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits were  $20.0 million ,  $25.5 million , and  $21.1 million  as of  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate if recognized in the consolidated financial statements was  $20.4 million ,  $25.7 million , and  $21.2 million , respectively. These amounts, which primarily relate to transfer pricing adjustments made by Canada Revenue Agency, which are subject to Mutual Agreement Procedure proceedings under the U.S./Canada income tax treaty, would be offset by deferred tax expense resulting from the reversal of a deferred tax asset in the amount of  $25.3 million , excluding interest, related to the correlative impact of these adjustments on the Company’s U.S. income tax liability. These amounts would be discrete items in the quarter recognized. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately  $15.7 million  within the next twelve months due to the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions related to transfer pricing adjustments made by Canada Revenue Agency or the expiration of statutes of limitation. Of this amount, approximately  $13.9 million  could be offset by deferred tax expense as discussed above.  The Company classifies interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Interest expense on unrecognized tax benefits was  $1.0 million  and  $0.6 million  for  2014  and  2013 , respectively. In  2012 , interest income of  $2.6 million  was recognized, primarily as a result of a favorable IRS appeals settlement. As of  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , WESCO had an accrued liability of  $12.7 million ,  $8.6 million  and  $8.0 million  respectively, for interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company classifies penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense. Penalties recorded as part of income tax expense were immaterial in amount in  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 . 10. EARNINGS PER SHARE 58 Table of Contents Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the periods. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average common shares and common share equivalents outstanding during the periods. The dilutive effect of common share equivalents is considered in the diluted earnings per share computation using the treasury stock method, which includes consideration of stock-based compensation. The following table sets forth the details of basic and diluted earnings per share:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   2012 (In thousands, except per share data)           Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 275,906   $ 276,430   $ 201,777 Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing basic earnings per share 44,440   44,148   43,677 Common shares issuable upon exercise of dilutive stock-based awards 997   1,121   1,147 Common shares issuable from contingently convertible debentures (see below for basis of calculation) 7,821   7,381   6,310 Weighted average common shares outstanding and common share equivalents used in computing diluted earnings per share 53,258   52,650   51,134 Earnings per share attributable to WESCO International, Inc.           Basic $ 6.21   $ 6.26   $ 4.62 Diluted $ 5.18   $ 5.25   $ 3.95 The computation of diluted earnings per share attributable to WESCO International, Inc. excluded stock-settled stock appreciation rights of approximately  0.3 million  as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , and  0.9 million  as of  December 31, 2012  at weighted average exercise prices of  $84.48  per share,  $66.08  per share and  $64.17  per share, respectively. These amounts were excluded because their effect would have been antidilutive. Because of WESCO’s obligation to settle the par value of the 2029 Debentures in cash, WESCO is not required to include any shares underlying the 2029 Debentures in its diluted weighted average shares outstanding until the average stock price per share for the period exceeds the conversion price of the 2029 Debentures. At such time, only the number of shares that would be issuable (under the treasury stock method of accounting for share dilution) will be included, which is based upon the amount by which the average stock price exceeds the conversion price. The conversion price of the 2029 Debentures is  $28.87 . Share dilution is limited to a maximum of  11,948,301  shares for the 2029 Debentures. For the periods ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , the effect of the 2029 Debentures on diluted earnings per share attributable to WESCO International, Inc. was a decrease of  $0.89 ,  $0.86 , and  $0.56 , respectively. 11. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS   Defined Contribution Plans A majority of WESCO’s employees are covered by defined contribution retirement savings plans for their service rendered subsequent to WESCO’s formation. WESCO also offers a deferred compensation plan for select individuals. For U.S. participants, WESCO will make contributions in an amount equal to  50%  of the participant’s total monthly contributions up to a maximum of  6%  of eligible compensation. For Canadian participants, WESCO will make contributions in an amount ranging from  1%  to  7%  of the participant’s eligible compensation based on years of continuous service. In addition, employer contributions may be made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. A discretionary employer contributions charge of  $9.7 million  was incurred in  2014 . For the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , WESCO incurred charges of  $28.3 million ,  $22.1 million , and  $31.8 million , respectively, for all such plans. Contributions are made in cash to employee retirement savings plan accounts. Employees then have the option to transfer balances allocated to their accounts into any of the available investment options, including WESCO common stock. Defined Benefit Plans In connection with the December 14, 2012 acquisition of EECOL discussed in Note 5, the Company assumed a contributory defined benefit plan (the "Plan") covering all employees of EECOL. The Plan provides retirement benefits based on earnings and credited service, and participants may contribute  2%  of their earnings to the Plan. Participants become  100%  vested after two years of continuous service.   59 Table of Contents The Company also assumed EECOL's Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), which provides additional pension benefits to certain executives based on earnings, credited service and executive service. Participants in the SERP are vested after two years of continuous service and may contribute  4%  of their earnings to the SERP.      The following tables present the changes in benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status for the pension plans and the components of net periodic pension cost.   Year Ended December 31 (In thousands) 2014   2013 Accumulated Benefit Obligation (ABO) at December 31 $ 70,594   $ 74,196         Change in Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO)       PBO at beginning of year $ 96,860   $ 103,466 Service cost 3,610   4,082 Interest cost 4,600   4,556 Participant contributions 857   946 Actuarial loss (gain), including assumption changes 12,791   (5,505 ) Benefits paid (4,125 )   (3,754 ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes (8,268 )   (6,931 ) PBO at end of year $ 106,325   $ 96,860         Change in Plan Assets       Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year $ 87,606   $ 61,450 Actual return on plan assets 11,042   8,515 Participant contributions 857   946 Employer contributions 2,310   24,543 Benefits paid (4,125 )   (3,754 ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes (7,348 )   (4,094 ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year $ 90,342   $ 87,606         Funded Status $ (15,983 )   $ (9,254 )         Amounts Recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets       Current liabilities $ (422 )   $ (460 ) Noncurrent liabilities (15,561 )   (8,794 ) Net amount recognized $ (15,983 )   $ (9,254 )         Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss       Net actuarial gain $ (2,828 )   $ (10,331 ) Prior service cost —   — Total net amount recognized, before tax effect $ (2,828 )   $ (10,331 ) 60 Table of Contents   Year Ended December 31 (In thousands) 2014   2013 Components of Net Periodic Pension Cost       Service cost $ 3,610   $ 4,082 Interest cost 4,600   4,556 Expected return on plan assets (5,408 )   (4,103 ) Recognized actuarial gain (55 )   — Net periodic pension cost $ 2,747   $ 4,535         Other Changes in Plan Assets and PBO Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss       Net actuarial loss (gain) $ 7,448   $ (9,917 ) Amortization of unrecognized net actuarial gain 55   — Total net amount recognized, before tax effect $ 7,503   $ (9,917 )         Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and accumulated other comprehensive loss $ 10,250   $ (5,382 ) The following weighted-average actuarial assumptions were used to determine benefit obligations at December 31:   2014   2013   Pension Plan   SERP   Pension Plan   SERP Discount rate 4.1 %   4.1 %   4.9 %   4.9 % Rate of compensation increase 4.0 %   4.0 %   4.0 %   4.0 % The following weighted-average actuarial assumptions were used to determine net periodic pension costs at January 1:   Year Ended December 31   2014   2013   Pension Plan   SERP   Pension Plan   SERP Discount rate 4.9 %   4.9 %   4.5 %   4.5 % Expected long-term return on assets 6.4 %   n/a   6.3 %   n/a Rate of compensation increase 4.0 %   4.0 %   4.0 %   4.0 % The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are expected to be paid: Years ending December 31 (In thousands)   2015 $ 2,243 2016 2,334 2017 2,451 2018 2,512 2019 2,793 2020-2024 19,850 The Company expects to contribute approximately  $2.9 million  to the plans in  2015 . The Company's pension plan weighted asset allocations as of  December 31, 2014  by asset category are as follows: 61 Table of Contents   December 31   2014   2013 Asset Category       Equity securities 55.9 %   57.1 % Debt securities 44.1 %   42.9 % Total 100.0 %   100.0 % The Plan's long-term overall objective is to maintain benefits at their current level without affecting the cost of maintaining the Plan, assuming that the demographic make-up of the group of members remains the same.   The primary investment objective, in support of the overall objective, is to earn the highest rate of return possible for the Plan, while keeping risk at acceptable levels. The long-term return objective of the Plan is to achieve a minimum annualized rate of return in excess of the actuarial requirements. This translates into a required return of  3.5%  percent above inflation, net of investment management fees. The return objective is consistent with the overall investment risk level that the Plan assumes in order to meet the pension obligations of the Plan. To achieve this long term investment objective, the Plan has adopted an asset mix that has a combination of equity and fixed income investments. Risk is controlled by investing in a well-diversified portfolio of asset classes. To meet this objective, a benchmark portfolio is established based on the expected returns for each asset class available. The investment of the Plan's assets in accordance with the benchmark portfolio should enable the Plan to not only attain, but also exceed the minimum overall objective. The following table presents the target asset mix based on market value for each investment category within which the investment managers must invest the Plan's assets. The manager is required to rebalance the asset mix back to the target on a quarterly basis. Asset Category Target % Canadian equities 25 % U.S. equities 15 % Non-North American equities 20 % Total equities 60 % Fixed income bond managers 40 % Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: • Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. • Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset and liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. • Level 3 - Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the trustees to measure the fair value of plan assets, including an indication of the level in the fair value hierarchy in which each type of asset is generally classified. Equity Securities.  These securities consist of the Plan's share of segregated funds that invest in the stock of publicly traded companies and are valued at the net asset value of shares held at December 31. As such, these securities are generally included in Level 2. Debt Securities.  These securities consist of segregated funds that invest in publicly traded U.S and non-U.S. fixed interest obligations and government securities and are valued through consultation and evaluation with brokers in the institutional  62 Table of Contents market using other observable market data. As such, these securities are generally included in Level 2. Also, these securities include cash and cash equivalents consisting of money market funds and are generally valued using quoted prices or observable market data. As such, these funds are included in Level 1. The fair value methods described above may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Additionally, while the Company believes the valuation method used by the plan's trustee is appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. The following tables set forth the fair value of plan assets classified under the appropriate level of fair value hierarchy:   December 31, 2014   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total Equity securities $ —   $ 50,546   $ —   $ 50,546 Debt securities 335   39,461   —   39,796 Total investments $ 335   $ 90,007   $ —   $ 90,342   December 31, 2013   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total Equity securities $ — 50,023 $ — — $ 50,023   $ 50,023 Debt securities 389 37,194 — 389 37,194   37,583 Total investments $ 389   $ —   $ 87,217   $ 87,606 12. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION WESCO has sponsored four stock-based compensation plans: the 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (“LTIP”), the 1998 Stock Option Plan, the Stock Option Plan for Branch Employees and the 1994 Stock Option Plan. The LTIP was designed to be the successor plan to all prior plans. Any shares remaining reserved for future issuance under the prior plans are available for issuance under the LTIP. The LTIP and predecessor plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. On May 30, 2013, the Company renewed and restated the LTIP, increasing the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the plan by  1.6 million  shares to  4.0 million . Under the LTIP, the total number of shares of Common Stock authorized to be issued under the LTIP will be reduced by 1 share of Common Stock for every 1 share that is subject to an option or stock appreciation right granted under the LTIP on or after May 30, 2013, and  1.83  shares of Common Stock for every 1 share that was subject to an award other than an option or stock appreciation right granted on or after May 30, 2013. As of  December 31, 2014 ,  3.6 million  shares of common stock were reserved under the LTIP for future equity award grants.  Except for the performance-based award, awards granted vest and become exercisable once criteria based on time is achieved. Performance-based awards vest based on market or performance conditions. All awards vest immediately in the event of a change in control. Each award terminates on the tenth anniversary of its grant date unless terminated sooner under certain conditions. WESCO recognized  $14.8 million ,  $15.9 million  and  $15.1 million  of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses, in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. As of  December 31, 2014 , there was  $17.1 million  of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements for all awards previously made of which approximately  $10.6 million  is expected to be recognized in  2015 ,  $5.8 million  in  2016  and  $0.7 million  in  2017 . The total intrinsic value of awards exercised during the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  was  $25.2 million ,  $23.4 million , and  $41.1 million , respectively. The total amount of cash received from the exercise of options was  $0.8 million , less than  $0.1 million , and  $3.2 million  during the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively. The tax benefit associated with the exercise of stock-based awards totaled $ 9.4 million ,  $8.4 million , and  $11.4 million  in  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively. WESCO uses the direct only method and tax law ordering approach to calculate the tax effects of stock-based compensation. The tax benefit was recorded as a credit to additional paid-in capital. 63 Table of Contents The following table sets forth a summary of both stock options and stock appreciation rights and related information for the years indicated:   2014   2013   2012   Awards   Weighted Average Exercise Price   Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life   Aggregate Intrinsic Value (In thousands)   Awards   Weighted Average Exercise Price   Awards   Weighted Average Exercise Price Beginning of year 2,715,651   $ 45.93           3,142,021   $ 45.40   4,266,533   $ 39.64 Granted 274,508   85.35           253,999   72.26   257,932   64.12 Exercised (485,469 )   41.58           (659,872 )   53.08   (1,340,986 )   30.54 Cancelled (23,945 )   70.30           (20,497 )   61.26   (41,458 )   49.96 End of year 2,480,745   50.91   5.2   $ 65,238   2,715,651   45.93   3,142,021   45.40 Exercisable at end of year 1,980,767   $ 44.06   4.4   $ 63,696   2,192,800   $ 40.94   2,450,391   $ 43.16 WESCO granted the following stock-settled stock appreciation rights at the following weighted average assumptions:   2014   2013   2012 Stock-settled appreciation rights granted 274,508   253,999   257,932    Risk free interest rate 1.5%   0.9%   0.9%    Expected life (in years) 5   5   5    Expected volatility 39%   50%   50% The following table sets forth a summary of time-based restricted stock units and related information for the year ended  December 31, 2014 :   Awards   Weighted Average Fair Value Unvested at December 31, 2013 184,746   $ 66.08 Granted 63,117   85.32 Vested (51,287 )   60.85 Forfeited (11,119 )   69.52 Unvested at December 31, 2014 185,457   $ 73.87 The weighted average fair value per stock-settled appreciation right granted was  $30.64 ,  $31.34  and  $27.89  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The weighted average fair value per restricted stock unit granted was  $85.32 ,  $72.15  and  $64.27  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively.  The following table sets forth a summary of performance-based awards for the year ended  December 31, 2014 :   Awards   Weighted Average Fair Value Unvested at December 31, 2013 92,484   $ 76.98      Granted 44,046   86.65      Vested —   —      Forfeited (6,526 )   77.87 Unvested at December 31, 2014 130,004   $ 80.21 The unvested performance-based awards at  December 31, 2014  includes  65,002  market-based performance awards. The number of shares that vest from these awards will be dependent upon WESCO's total stockholder return over a three-year period in relation to the total stockholder return of a select group of peer companies. These awards are valued based upon a Monte Carlo simulation model. The probability of meeting the market criteria was considered when calculating the estimated  64 Table of Contents fair market value on the date of grant. These awards were accounted for as awards with market conditions, which are recognized over the service period, regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved and the awards ultimately vest. The fair value of the performance shares based on total stockholder return granted during the year ended  December 31, 2014  were estimated using the following weighted-average assumptions: Weighted Average Assumptions Grant date share price $ 87.95 WESCO expected volatility 35.4 % Peer group median volatility 28.7 % Risk-free interest rate 0.62 % Correlation 103.1 % Vesting of the remaining  65,002  shares of performance-based awards in the table above will be dependent upon the three-year average growth rate of WESCO's net income. The fair value of these awards is based upon the grant-date closing price of WESCO's common stock. These awards were accounted for as awards with performance conditions, accordingly stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the performance period and considers the probability that the performance targets will be achieved.    13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Future minimum rental payments required under operating leases, primarily for real property that have noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of  December 31, 2014 , are as follows : (In thousands)   2015 $ 67,168 2016 57,438 2017 48,187 2018 38,532 2019 27,585 Thereafter 77,363 Rental expense for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  was  $63.2 million ,  $60.0 million  and  $50.0 million , respectively. From time to time, a number of lawsuits and claims have been or may be asserted against WESCO relating to the conduct of its business, including routine litigation relating to commercial and employment matters. The outcomes of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and some lawsuits may be determined adversely to WESCO. However, management does not believe that the ultimate outcome is likely to have a material adverse effect on WESCO’s financial condition or liquidity, although the resolution in any fiscal quarter of one or more of these matters may have a material adverse effect on WESCO’s results of operations for that period. As initially reported in our 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K, WESCO is a defendant in a lawsuit filed in a state court in Indiana in which a customer, ArcelorMittal Indiana Harbor, Inc. (“AIH”), alleges that the Company sold defective products to AIH in 2004 that were supplied to the Company by others. The lawsuit sought monetary damages in the amount of approximately  $50 million . On February 14, 2013, the jury returned a verdict in favor of AIH and awarded damages in the amount of approximately  $36.1 million , and judgment was entered on the jury's verdict. As a result, the Company recorded a  $36.1 million  charge to selling, general and administrative expenses in 2012. The Company disputes this outcome and filed a post-trial motion challenging the verdict alleging various errors that occurred during trial. The Company received letters from its insurers confirming insurance coverage of the matter and recorded a receivable in the quarter ended March 31, 2013 in an amount equal to the previously recorded liability. AIH also filed a post-trial motion asking the court to award additional amounts to AIH, including prejudgment and post-judgment interest. The Court denied the Company's post-trial motion on June 28, 2013 and granted in part AIH's motion, awarding prejudgment interest in the amount of  $3.9 million  and ordering post-judgment interest to accrue on the entire judgment at  8%  per annum. In the quarter ended June 30, 2013, the Company received letters from its insurers confirming insurance coverage of all prejudgment and post-judgment interest related to the matter. Final judgment was entered by the court on July 16, 2013, and the Company is appealing the judgment. On November 10, 2014, the Indiana Court of Appeals reversed the prejudgment interest award, but otherwise affirmed the underlying judgment. A petition for further review of the case has been filed with the Indiana Supreme Court, which has discretion to decide whether it  65 Table of Contents will consider the case or not. As of  December 31, 2014 , a liability and a corresponding receivable in the amount of  $9.5 million  has been recorded by the Company in the Consolidated Balance Sheets within other current liabilities and other accounts receivable, respectively, for the prejudgment interest of  $3.9 million  and the post-judgment interest of  $5.6 million  that has accrued in connection with this matter. The judgment may increase or decrease based on the outcome of the appellate proceedings that cannot be predicted with certainty. WESCO is subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions concerning the identification, reporting and escheatment (the transfer of property to the state) of unclaimed or abandoned funds, and is subject to audit and examination for compliance with these requirements. WESCO Distribution, Inc. is currently undergoing a compliance audit in the State of Delaware concerning the identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned property. A third party auditor is conducting the audit on behalf of the State, and the Company has been working with an outside consultant during the audit process and in discussions with the auditors. The Company is defending the audit, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. After the third party auditor completes its field work, it is expected to issue preliminary findings for review by the Company and the State, and thereafter the auditor is expected to issue a final report of examination. If the Company and State do not reach resolution after further discussion, the State issues a demand for payment, which the Company may either agree to pay or appeal, in full or in part. The Company has recorded a liability for unclaimed property based on the facts currently known to the Company. In October 2014, WESCO was notified that the New York County District Attorney’s Office is conducting a criminal investigation involving minority and disadvantaged business contracting practices in the construction industry in New York City and that various contractors, minority and disadvantaged business firms, and their material suppliers, including the Company, are a part of this investigation.  The Company has commenced an internal review of this matter and intends to cooperate with the government investigation.  The Company cannot predict the outcome or impact of the matter at this time, but could be subject to fines, penalties or other adverse consequences.  Based on the facts currently known to the Company, it cannot reasonably estimate a range of exposure to potential liability at this time.   14. SEGMENTS AND RELATED INFORMATION WESCO provides distribution of product and services through its four operating segments which have been aggregated as one reportable segment. WESCO has over  250,000  unique product stock keeping units and markets more than  1,000,000  products for customers. There were no material amounts of sales or transfers among geographic areas and no material amounts of export sales. WESCO attributes revenues from external customers to individual countries on the basis of the point of sale.  The following table sets forth information about WESCO by geographic area:   Net Sales Year Ended December 31,   Long-Lived Assets December 31,   2014       2013       2012       2014   2013   2012 (In thousands)                                   United States $ 5,618,240   71 %   $ 5,275,275   70 %   $ 5,215,849   79 %   $ 127,670   $ 137,904   $ 144,947 Canada 1,899,173   24 %   1,882,313   25 %   1,084,109   17 %   80,080   93,642   100,366 Mexico 95,585   1 %   90,152   1 %   92,370   1 %   442   615   532 Subtotal North American Operations 7,612,998       7,247,740       6,392,328       208,192   232,161   245,845 Other International 276,628   4 %   265,602   4 %   186,973   3 %   8,213   11,115   6,047 Total $ 7,889,626       $ 7,513,342       $ 6,579,301       $ 216,405   $ 243,276   $ 251,892 The following table sets forth sales information about WESCO’s sales by product category: 66 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2014   2013   2012 (percentages based on total sales)           General and Industrial Supplies 40%   40%   36% Wire, Cable and Conduit 16%   16%   17% Data and Broadband Communications 14%   14%   15% Power Distribution Equipment 11%   11%   13% Lighting and Controls 10%   10%   9% Control, Automation and Motors 9%   9%   10% 67 Table of Contents 15. OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION WESCO International has outstanding  $344.9 million  in aggregate principal amount of 2029 Debentures. The 2029 Debentures are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by WESCO Distribution, a 100% owned subsidiary of WESCO International, on a senior subordinated basis to all existing and future senior indebtedness of WESCO Distribution. WESCO Distribution has  $500 million  aggregate principal amount of  2021 Notes.  The 2021 Notes are unsecured senior obligations of WESCO Distribution and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by WESCO International.   Condensed consolidating financial information for WESCO International, WESCO Distribution, Inc. and the non-guarantor subsidiaries is as follows: WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   December 31, 2014   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Cash and cash equivalents $ —   $ 32,508   $ 95,811   $ —   $ 128,319 Trade accounts receivable, net —   —   1,117,420   —   1,117,420 Inventories, net —   373,938   445,564   —   819,502 Other current assets 12   144,282   147,268   (6,465 )   285,097 Total current assets 12   550,728   1,806,063   (6,465 )   2,350,338 Intercompany receivables, net —   —   1,806,215   (1,806,215 )   — Property, buildings and equipment, net —   56,735   125,990   —   182,725 Intangible assets, net —   4,733   425,107   —   429,840 Goodwill and other intangibles, net —   246,771   1,488,669   —   1,735,440 Investments in affiliates and other noncurrent assets 3,304,914   3,828,727   —   (7,133,641 )   — Other noncurrent assets 4,083   12,844   39,167   —   56,094 Total assets $ 3,309,009   $ 4,700,538   $ 5,691,211   $ (8,946,321 )   $ 4,754,437                     Accounts payable $ —   $ 445,680   $ 319,455   $ —   $ 765,135 Short-term debt —   —   46,787   —   46,787 Other current liabilities 12,465   113,746   132,204   (6,465 )   251,950 Total current liabilities 12,465   559,426   498,446   (6,465 )   1,063,872 Intercompany payables, net 1,168,366   637,849   —   (1,806,215 )   — Long-term debt 177,638   683,407   505,385   —   1,366,430 Other noncurrent liabilities 21,888   232,544   141,538   —   395,970 Total WESCO International stockholders’ equity 1,928,652   2,587,312   4,546,329   (7,133,641 )   1,928,652 Noncontrolling interest —   —   (487 )   —   (487 ) Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 3,309,009   $ 4,700,538   $ 5,691,211   $ (8,946,321 )   $ 4,754,437 68 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS (continued)   December 31, 2013   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Cash and cash equivalents $ —   $ 31,695   $ 92,030   $ —   $ 123,725 Trade accounts receivable, net —   —   1,045,054   —   1,045,054 Inventories, net —   351,242   436,082   —   787,324 Other current assets 22   166,540   127,439   (44,489 )   249,512 Total current assets 22   549,477   1,700,605   (44,489 )   2,205,615 Intercompany receivables, net —   —   1,906,785   (1,906,785 )   — Property, buildings and equipment, net —   59,569   139,085   —   198,654 Intangible assets, net —   5,404   433,763   —   439,167 Goodwill and other intangibles, net —   246,125   1,488,266   —   1,734,391 Investments in affiliates 3,137,418   3,722,902   —   (6,860,320 )   — Other noncurrent assets 4,361   15,627   51,078   —   71,066 Total assets $ 3,141,801   $ 4,599,104   $ 5,719,582   $ (8,811,594 )   $ 4,648,893                     Accounts payable $ —   $ 410,017   $ 325,080   $ —   $ 735,097 Short-term debt —   —   37,551   —   37,551 Other current liabilities 11,920   114,894   196,690   (44,489 )   279,015 Total current liabilities 11,920   524,911   559,321   (44,489 )   1,051,663 Intercompany payables, net 1,168,507   738,278   —   (1,906,785 )   — Long-term debt 174,149   675,424   598,061   —   1,447,634 Other noncurrent liabilities 22,416   220,650   141,739   —   384,805 Total WESCO International stockholders’ equity 1,764,809   2,439,841   4,420,479   (6,860,320 )   1,764,809 Noncontrolling interest —   —   (18 )   —   (18 ) Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 3,141,801   $ 4,599,104   $ 5,719,582   $ (8,811,594 )   $ 4,648,893 69 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   Year ended December 31, 2014   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Net sales $ —   $ 3,557,839   $ 4,446,139   $ (114,352 )   $ 7,889,626 Cost of goods sold —   2,848,413   3,544,523   (114,352 )   6,278,584 Selling, general and administrative expenses 9   557,596   519,203   —   1,076,808 Depreciation and amortization —   19,084   48,933   —   68,017 Results of affiliates’ operations 292,845   231,174   —   (524,019 )   — Interest expense, net 24,472   74,653   (17,061 )   —   82,064 Provision for income taxes (7,072 )   16,446   99,342   —   108,716 Net income 275,436   272,821   251,199   (524,019 )   275,437 Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest —   —   (469 )   —   (469 ) Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 275,436   $ 272,821   $ 251,668   $ (524,019 )   $ 275,906 Comprehensive income:                   Foreign currency translation adjustment (120,293 )   (120,293 )   (120,293 )   240,586   (120,293 ) Post retirement benefit plan adjustments (5,056 )   (5,056 )   (5,056 )   10,112   (5,056 ) Comprehensive income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 150,087   $ 147,472   $ 126,319   $ (273,321 )   $ 150,557 70 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)   Year ended December 31, 2013   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Net sales $ —   $ 3,386,043   $ 4,253,666   $ (126,367 )   $ 7,513,342 Cost of goods sold —   2,700,692   3,393,567   (126,367 )   5,967,892 Selling, general and administrative expenses 29   485,575   511,206   —   996,810 Depreciation and amortization —   18,331   49,311   —   67,642 Results of affiliates’ operations 294,137   207,630   —   (501,767 )   — Interest expense, net 23,918   75,294   (13,605 )   —   85,607 Loss on debt extinguishment —   13,225   —   —   13,225 Loss on sale of Argentina business —   —   2,315   —   2,315 Provision for income taxes (6,327 )   25,657   84,003   —   103,333 Net income 276,517   274,899   226,869   (501,767 )   276,518 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest —   —   88   —   88 Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 276,517   $ 274,899   $ 226,781   $ (501,767 )   $ 276,430 Comprehensive income:                   Foreign currency translation adjustment (83,172 )   (83,172 )   (83,172 )   166,344   (83,172 ) Post retirement benefit plan adjustments 7,673   7,673   7,673   (15,346 )   7,673 Comprehensive income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 201,018   $ 199,400   $ 151,282   $ (350,769 )   $ 200,931 71 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)   Year ended December 31, 2012   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Net sales $ —   $ 3,442,714   $ 3,265,007   $ (128,420 )   $ 6,579,301 Cost of goods sold —   2,738,941   2,637,334   (128,420 )   5,247,855 Selling, general and administrative expenses 59   593,400   367,555   —   961,014 Depreciation and amortization —   15,208   22,353   —   37,561 Results of affiliates’ operations 218,398   168,876   —   (387,274 )   — Interest expense, net 23,163   46,864   (22,265 )   —   47,762 Loss on debt extinguishment —   3,470   —   —   3,470 Provision for income taxes (6,583 )   13,846   72,617   —   79,880 Net income  $ 201,759   $ 199,861   $ 187,413   $ (387,274 )   $ 201,759 Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest —   —   (18 )   —   (18 ) Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 201,759   $ 199,861   $ 187,431   $ (387,274 )   $ 201,777 Comprehensive income:                   Foreign currency translation adjustment (9,013 )   (9,013 )   (9,013 )   18,026   (9,013 ) Comprehensive income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. $ 192,746   $ 190,848   $ 178,418   $ (369,248 )   $ 192,764 72 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   Year ended December 31, 2014   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Net cash provided by operating activities $ 820   $ 51,738   $ 198,598   $ —   $ 251,156 Investing activities:         Capital expenditures —   (13,717 )   (6,831 )   —   (20,548 ) Acquisition payments —   (42,226 )   (96,404 )   —   (138,630 ) Proceeds from sale of assets —   —   14,991   —   14,991 Advances to subsidiaries and other —   141   —   (141 )   — Net cash used in investing activities —   (55,802 )   (88,244 )   (141 )   (144,187 ) Financing activities:                   Proceeds from issuance of debt 6,517   798,315   441,573   (6,517 )   1,239,888 Repayments of debt (6,658 )   (790,315 )   (541,080 )   6,658   (1,331,395 ) Other (679 )   (3,123 )   (181 )   —   (3,983 ) Net cash provided provided by (used) financing activities (820 )   4,877   (99,688 )   141   (95,490 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents —   —   (6,885 )   —   (6,885 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents —   813   3,781   —   4,594 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year —   31,695   92,030   —   123,725 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period $ —   $ 32,508   $ 95,811   $ —   $ 128,319   Year ended December 31, 2013   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Net cash (used) provided by operating activities $ (10,716 )   $ 209,501   $ 116,356   $ —   $ 315,141 Investing activities:                   Capital expenditures —   (16,728 )   (11,097 )   —   (27,825 ) Proceeds from sale of assets —   —   10,807   —   10,807 Advances to subsidiaries and other —   (14,945 )   (1,205 )   14,945   (1,205 ) Net cash used in investing activities —   (31,673 )   (1,495 )   14,945   (18,223 ) Financing activities:                   Proceeds from issuance of debt 14,945   1,143,604   359,247   (14,945 )   1,502,851 Repayments of debt —   (1,327,916 )   (412,561 )   —   (1,740,477 ) Other (4,229 )   (14,096 )   (1,568 )   —   (19,893 ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 10,716   (198,408 )   (54,882 )   (14,945 )   (257,519 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents —   —   (1,773 )   —   (1,773 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents —   (20,580 )   58,206   —   37,626 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year —   52,275   33,824   —   86,099 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period $ —   $ 31,695   $ 92,030   $ —   $ 123,725 73 Table of Contents WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued)   Year ended December 31, 2012   (In thousands)   WESCO International, Inc.   WESCO Distribution, Inc.   Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries   Consolidating and Eliminating Entries   Consolidated Net cash (used) provided by operating activities $ (19,476 )   $ 680,813   $ (373,153 )   $ —   $ 288,184 Investing activities:                   Capital expenditures —   (18,697 )   (4,387 )   —   (23,084 ) Acquisition payments —   (142,483 )   (1,146,997 )   —   (1,289,480 ) Advances to subsidiaries and other —   (1,164,221 )   1,558   1,164,221   1,558 Net cash used in investing activities —   (1,325,401 )   (1,149,826 )   1,164,221   (1,311,006 ) Financing activities:                   Proceeds from issuance of debt 17,224   1,145,300   2,326,063   (1,164,221 )   2,324,366 Repayments of debt —   (469,244 )   (784,755 )   —   (1,253,999 ) Other 2,252   (23,605 )   (4,966 )   —   (26,319 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 19,476   652,451   1,536,342   (1,164,221 )   1,044,048 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents —   —   1,004   —   1,004 Net change in cash and cash equivalents —   7,863   14,367   —   22,230 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year —   44,412   19,457   —   63,869 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period $ —   $ 52,275   $ 33,824   $ —   $ 86,099 The Company revised its condensed consolidating balance sheet as of December 31, 2013 to appropriately present current and non-current deferred tax balances as well as current taxes refundable/payable in accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes". Specifically, other noncurrent assets and other noncurrent liabilities each increased by  $24.7 million  at December 31, 2013. Additionally, other current assets increased by $7.1 million with a corresponding increase to other current liabilities of $7.1 million at December 31, 2013. All of these revisions impacted the non-guarantor subsidiaries in the December 31, 2013 consolidating balance sheet above. The Company revised its condensed consolidating statements of income and comprehensive income for interest expense related to intercompany borrowings, increasing interest expense of WESCO Distribution by  $29.2 million  and decreasing interest expense of non-guarantor subsidiaries by  $29.2 million  for the year ended December 31, 2012.  In addition, the Company revised its methodology for allocating income tax expense, resulting in a decrease in income tax expense of WESCO International by  $17.1 million , a decrease in income tax expense of WESCO Distribution by  $9.6 million  and an increase in income tax expense of non-guarantor subsidiaries by  $26.7 million  for the year ended December 31, 2012.  The impact of the revisions noted above, which the Company has determined is not material to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, did not have any impact on the consolidated amounts previously reported, nor did they impact the Company's obligations under the 2029 Debentures.  74 Table of Contents 16. SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (unaudited) The following table sets forth selected quarterly financial data for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 :   First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter 2014               Net Sales $ 1,810,825   $ 2,005,165   $ 2,078,150   $ 1,995,486 Cost of goods sold 1,436,032   1,593,437   1,655,787   1,593,328 Income from operations 92,959   115,833   133,248   124,177 Income before income taxes 72,271   95,496   112,450   103,936 Net income 51,855   68,787   80,818   73,977   Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. 51,905   68,802   80,816   74,383 Basic earnings per share attributable to WESCO                                                                                                                                                    International, Inc. (A) 1.17   1.55   1.82   1.67 Diluted earnings per share attributable to WESCO                                                                                    International, Inc. (B) 0.97   1.29   1.52   1.40                 2013               Net Sales $ 1,808,059   $ 1,893,953   $ 1,931,260   $ 1,880,070 Cost of goods sold 1,426,979   1,501,403   1,535,609   1,503,901 Income from operations 136,907   109,891   123,646   110,554 Income before income taxes 114,981   88,122   100,027   76,721 Net income 84,094   65,351   69,118   57,955   Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. 83,989   65,285   69,162   57,994 Basic earnings per share attributable to WESCO                                                                                                                                                    International, Inc. (A) 1.91   1.48   1.57   1.31 Diluted earnings per share attributable to WESCO                                                                                    International, Inc. (B) 1.60   1.25   1.32   1.09 (A)   Earnings per share (EPS) in each quarter is computed using the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the quarter while EPS for the full year is computed by taking the average of the weighted average number of shares outstanding each quarter. Thus, the sum of the four quarters’ EPS may not equal the full-year EPS. (B)   Diluted EPS in each quarter is computed using the weighted average number of shares outstanding and common share equivalents during that quarter while Diluted EPS for the full year is computed by taking the average of the weighted average number of shares outstanding and common share equivalents each quarter. Thus, the sum of the four quarters’ Diluted EPS may not equal the full-year Diluted EPS. Item 9 .  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the  75 Table of Contents risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the updated framework in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission on May 14, 2013. Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,  2014 . The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,  2014  has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the last fiscal quarter of  2014 , there were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with management’s evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 76 Table of Contents PART III Item 10 .  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information set forth under the captions “Board of Directors” and “Executive Officers” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Codes of Business Ethics and Conduct We have adopted a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (“Code of Conduct”) that applies to our Directors, officers and employees that is available on our website at  www.wesco.com  by selecting the “Investors” tab followed by the “Corporate Governance” heading. Any amendment or waiver of the Code of Conduct for our officers or Directors will be disclosed promptly at that location on our website. We also have adopted a Senior Financial Executive Code of Principles for Senior Executives (“Senior Financial Executive Code”) that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing these functions. The Senior Financial Executive Code is also available at that same location on our website. We intend to timely disclose any amendment or waiver of the Senior Financial Executive Code on our website and will retain such information on our website as required by applicable SEC rules. A copy of the Code of Conduct and/or Senior Financial Executive Code may also be obtained upon request by any stockholder, without charge, by writing to us at WESCO International, Inc., 225 West Station Square Drive, Suite 700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219, Attention: Corporate Secretary. The information required by Item 10 that relates to our Directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the information appearing under the captions “Corporate Governance”, “Board and Committee Meetings” and “Security Ownership” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders that is to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year on December 31,  2014 . Item 11. Executive Compensation. The information set forth under the captions “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Director Compensation” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information set forth under the caption “Security Ownership” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. The following table provides information as of December 31,  2014  with respect to the shares of our common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans: Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,796,206   $ 44.06   3,556,251 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders —   —   — Total 2,796,206   $ 44.06   3,556,251 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information set forth under the captions “Transactions with Related Persons” and “Corporate Governance” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information set forth under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 77 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule. The financial statements, financial statement schedule and exhibits listed below are filed as part of this annual report: (a) (1)  Financial Statements The list of financial statements required by this item is set forth in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” and is incorporated herein by reference. (2)  Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (b) Exhibits Exhibit No.       Prior Filing or Sequential Page Number 2.1   Recapitalization Agreement, dated as of March 27, 1998, among Thor Acquisitions L.L.C., WESCO International, Inc. (formerly known as CDW Holding Corporation) and certain security holders of WESCO International, Inc.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to WESCO’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-43225)           2.2   Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2010, by and among WESCO Distribution, Inc., WDCH, LP, TVC Communications, L.L.C. and Palisades TVC Holding, L.L.C.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 16, 2010           2.3   Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2012, between WDCC Enterprises Inc., the Shareholders party thereto, EECOL Holdings Ltd., Jarich Holdings Ltd., EESA Corp., EESA Holdings Ltd. and EECOL Electric Corp.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to WESCO's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 17, 2012           3.1   Restated Certificate of Incorporation of WESCO International, Inc.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to WESCO’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-70404)           3.2   Amended and Restated By-laws of WESCO International, Inc., effective as of September 28, 2009.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 28, 2009           4.1   Indenture, dated August 27, 2009, by and among WESCO International, Inc., WESCO Distribution, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 27, 2009           4.2   Form of 6.0% Convertible Senior Debenture due 2029.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 27, 2009           4.3   Indenture, dated November 26, 2013, among WESCO Distribution, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 27, 2013           4.4   Form of 5.375% Restricted Note due 2021.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 27, 2013           4.5   Form of 5.375% Unrestricted Note due 2021.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A-2 to Exhibit 4.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 27, 2013           10.1   Form of Stock Option Agreement.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to WESCO’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-43225)           10.2   Form of Amendment to Stock Option Agreement.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 2, 2006 78 Table of Contents Exhibit No.   Description of Exhibit   Prior Filing or Sequential Page Number 10.3   Form of Management Stock Option Agreement.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998           10.4   Form of Amendment to Management Stock Option Agreement.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 2, 2006           10.5   1999 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated September 20, 2007.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to WESCO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011           10.6   1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as restated effective as of May 21, 2008.   Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Proxy Statement for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed on Schedule 14A on April 24, 2008           10.7   Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for Employees.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to WESCO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011           10.8   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to WESCO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011           10.9   Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for Non-Employee Directors.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010           10.10   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010           10.11   Amended and Restated Registration and Participation Agreement, dated as of June 5, 1998, among WESCO International, Inc. and certain security holders of WESCO International, Inc. named therein.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to WESCO’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-43225)           10.12   Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2009, by and among WESCO Receivables Corp., WESCO Distribution, Inc., the Purchasers and Purchaser Agents party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association (as successor to Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC), as Administrator.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 13, 2009           10.13   First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2009.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009           10.14   Second Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2010.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 7, 2010           10.15   Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2010.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 16, 2010           10.16   Fourth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2011.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to WESCO's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 24, 2011           10.17   Fifth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to WESCO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 79 Table of Contents Exhibit No.   Description of Exhibit   Prior Filing or Sequential Page Number 10.18   Sixth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2012.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to WESCO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012           10.19   Seventh Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated December 11, 2012.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 17, 2012           10.20   Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2009, between WESCO International Inc. and John J. Engel.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009           10.21   Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2009, between WESCO International Inc. and Stephen A. Van Oss.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009           10.22   Term Sheet, dated January 15, 2010, memorializing terms of employment of Diane Lazzaris by WESCO International, Inc.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to WESCO’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009           10.23   Term Sheet, dated June 18, 2010, memorializing terms of employment of Kimberly Windrow by WESCO International, Inc.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010           10.24   Notice of Performance Share Award under the WESCO International, Inc. 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012           10.25   Term Sheet, dated May 24, 2012, memorializing terms of employment of Kenneth Parks by WESCO International, Inc.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012           10.26   Term Loan agreement, dated as of December 12, 2012 among WESCO Distribution, Inc., WDCC Enterprises Inc., WESCO International, Inc., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Island Branch, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and the other Lenders and Agents party thereto.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 17, 2012           10.27   Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2012, by and among WESCO Distribution, Inc., the other U.S. Borrowers party thereto, WESCO Distribution Canada LP and WDCC Enterprises Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian Administrative Agent, and the other Loan Parties and Lenders party thereto.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 17, 2012           10.28   1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as restated effective as of May 30, 2013.   Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed on Schedule 14A on April 16, 2013           10.29   Eighth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated September 20, 2013.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 23, 2013           10.30   Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 26, 2013 among WESCO Distribution, Inc., WESCO International, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to WESCO’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 27, 2013 80 Table of Contents Exhibit No.   Description of Exhibit   Prior Filing or Sequential Page Number 10.31   First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2013 among WESCO Distribution, Inc., WDCC Enterprises Inc., WESCO International, Inc., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Island Branch, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and the other Lenders and Agents party thereto.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to WESCO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013           10.32   Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to WESCO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013           10.33   Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for Employees.   Filed herewith           10.34   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement For Employees.   Filed herewith           10.35   Notice of Performance Share Award Under the WESCO International, Inc. 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended May 30, 2013.   Filed herewith           10.36   Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2014 among WESCO Distribution, Inc., the other U.S. Borrowers party thereto, WESCO Distribution Canada LP, WDC Enterprises Inc., and EECOL Electric Corp., as Canadian Borrowers, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian Administrative Agent, and the other Loan Parties and Lenders party thereto.   Filed herewith           21.1   Subsidiaries of WESCO.   Filed herewith           23.1   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.   Filed herewith           31.1   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act.   Filed herewith           31.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act.   Filed herewith           32.1   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   Filed herewith           32.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   Filed herewith           101   Interactive Data File   Filed herewith The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally to the Commission, upon request, a copy of any omitted schedule to any of the agreements contained herein. Copies of exhibits may be retrieved electronically at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s home page at www.sec.gov. Exhibits will also be furnished without charge by writing to Kenneth S. Parks, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 225 West Station Square Drive, Suite 700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219. Requests may also be directed to (412) 454-2200. 81 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC.     By:   /s/ JOHN J. ENGEL       Name:   John J. Engel      Title:   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer      Date:   February 24, 2015   WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC.     By:   /s/ KENNETH S. PARKS     Name:   Kenneth S. Parks     Title:   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer      Date:   February 24, 2015   82 Table of Contents Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature   Title   Date           /s/ JOHN J. ENGEL   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer    February 24, 2015 John J. Engel   (Principal Executive Officer)               /s/ KENNETH S. PARKS Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    February 24, 2015 Kenneth S. Parks   (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)               /s/ SANDRA BEACH LIN   Director    February 24, 2015 Sandra Beach Lin                   /s/ BOBBY J. GRIFFIN   Director    February 24, 2015 Bobby J. Griffin                   /s/ JOHN K. MORGAN   Director    February 24, 2015 John K. Morgan                   /s/ STEPHEN A. RAYMUND   Director    February 24, 2015 Steven A. Raymund                   /s/ JAMES L. SINGLETON   Director    February 24, 2015 James L. Singleton                   /s/ ROBERT J. TARR, JR.   Director    February 24, 2015 Robert J. Tarr, Jr.                   /s/ LYNN M. UTTER   Director    February 24, 2015 Lynn M. Utter                   /s/ STEPHEN A. VAN OSS   Director    February 24, 2015 Stephen A. Van Oss                   /s/ WILLIAM J. VARESCHI   Director    February 24, 2015 William J. Vareschi         83 Table of Contents Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts   (In thousands)   Balance at Beginning   Charged to   Charged to Other       Balance at (In thousands) of Period   Expense   Accounts (1)   Deductions (2)   End of Period Allowance for doubtful accounts                   Year ended December 31, 2014 $ 19,309   $ 5,937   $ 194   $ (4,356 )   $ 21,084 Year ended December 31, 2013 17,242   2,878   2,623   (3,434 )   19,309 Year ended December 31, 2012 21,590   1,119   —   (5,467 )   17,242 _________________________ (1)   Represents allowance for doubtful accounts in connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures. (2)   Includes a reduction in the allowance for doubtful accounts due to write-off of accounts receivable. 84 	 
 
 
 
