
 10-K
 1
 a201410-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 2014 10-K 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2014   Commission file number 1-12672 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland   77-0404318 (State or other jurisdiction of   (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization)   Identification No.) Ballston Tower 671 N. Glebe Rd, Suite 800 Arlington, Virginia  22203 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)   (703) 329-6300 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  __________________________________________________________________________ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of each class)   (Name of each exchange on which registered) Common Stock, par value $.01 per share   New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     Yes   ý     No   o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.     Yes   o     No   ý Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve (12) months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes   ý     No   o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes   ý     No   o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer  ý   Accelerated filer  o   Non-accelerated filer  o  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   Smaller reporting company  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).     Yes   o     No   ý The aggregate market value of the registrant's Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, held by nonaffiliates of the registrant, as of  June 30, 2014  was  $18,601,181,331 . The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, outstanding as of  January 30, 2015  was  132,049,857 . Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of AvalonBay Communities, Inc.'s Proxy Statement for the  2015  annual meeting of stockholders, a definitive copy of which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year end of the year covered by this Form 10-K, are incorporated by reference herein as portions of Part III of this Form 10-K. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS         PAGE PART I ITEM 1.   BUSINESS   1           ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS   8           ITEM 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   17           ITEM 2.   COMMUNITIES   17           ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   38           ITEM 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   38           PART II           ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   39           ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   40           ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   43           ITEM 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   65           ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   65           ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   65           ITEM 9A.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   65           ITEM 9B.   OTHER INFORMATION   66           PART III           ITEM 10.   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   67           ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   67           ITEM 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   67           ITEM 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   68           ITEM 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   68           PART IV           ITEM 15.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE   69           SIGNATURES   75 Table of Contents PART I This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in each forward-looking statement. Certain factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in this report, including in the section entitled "Forward-Looking Statements" included in this Form 10-K. You should also review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a discussion of various risks that could adversely affect us. ITEM 1.    BUSINESS General AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (the “Company,” which term, unless the context otherwise requires, refers to AvalonBay Communities, Inc. together with its subsidiaries), is a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) for federal income tax purposes.  We develop, redevelop, acquire, own and operate multifamily communities primarily in New England, the New York/New Jersey metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California. We focus on leading metropolitan areas in these regions that we believe are characterized by growing employment in high wage sectors of the economy, lower housing affordability and a diverse and vibrant quality of life.  We believe these market characteristics offer the opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns on apartment community investments relative to other markets. At  January 31, 2015 , we owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in: • 252  operating apartment communities containing  74,240  apartment homes in  11  states and the District of Columbia, of which  228  communities containing  66,631  apartment homes were consolidated for financial reporting purposes,  two  communities containing  618  apartment homes were held by joint ventures in which we hold an ownership interest, and  22  communities containing  6,991  apartment homes were owned by the Funds (as defined below).  12  of the consolidated communities containing  3,998  apartment homes were under redevelopment, as discussed below; • 26  wholly-owned communities under construction that are expected to contain an aggregate of  7,924  apartment homes when completed; and • rights to develop an additional  37  communities that, if developed in the manner expected, will contain an estimated  10,384  apartment homes; and • an indirect interest in the Residual JV (as defined in this Form 10-K) which owns direct and indirect interests in assets acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition (as defined in this Form 10-K), including  two  land parcels and an indirect interest in a joint venture which owns  four  apartment communities with  1,410  apartment homes in the United States. Any discussion of apartment communities and homes as of  December 31, 2014  and  January 31, 2015  includes 240 apartment homes which were destroyed and are uninhabitable as a result of the fire at Avalon at Edgewater in January 2015.  We generally obtain ownership in an apartment community by developing a new community on either vacant land or land with improvements that we intend to raze, or by acquiring an existing community. In selecting sites for development or acquisition, we favor locations that are near expanding employment centers and convenient to transportation, recreation areas, entertainment, shopping and dining. Our consolidated real estate investments consist of the following reportable segments: Established Communities, Other Stabilized Communities and Development/Redevelopment Communities. Established Communities are generally operating communities that were owned and had stabilized occupancy and operating expenses as of the beginning of the prior year such that year-over-year comparisons are meaningful. Other Stabilized Communities are generally all other operating communities that have stabilized occupancy and operating expenses during the current year, but that were not owned or had not achieved stabilization as of the beginning of the prior year such that year-over-year comparisons are not meaningful, as well as communities that are planned for disposition during the current year. Development/Redevelopment Communities consist of communities that are under construction, communities where substantial redevelopment is in progress or is planned to begin during the current year and communities under lease-up. A more detailed description of these segments and other related information can be found in Note 9, "Segment Reporting," of the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this report. 1 Table of Contents Our principal financial goal is to increase long-term stockholder value through the development, redevelopment, acquisition, operation and when appropriate, disposition of apartment communities in our markets. To help meet this goal, we regularly (i) monitor our investment allocation by geographic market and product type, (ii) develop, redevelop and acquire an interest in apartment communities in our selected markets, (iii) selectively sell apartment communities that no longer meet our long-term strategy or when opportunities are presented to realize a portion of the value created through our investment and redeploy the proceeds from those sales and (iv) endeavor to maintain a capital structure that is aligned with our business risks with a view to maintaining continuous access to cost-effective capital. Our strategy is to be leaders in multifamily market research, consumer insight and capital allocation, delivering a range of multifamily offerings tailored to serve the needs of the most attractive customer segments in the best-performing U.S. submarkets. A substantial majority of our current communities are upscale, which generally command among the highest rents in their markets. However, we also pursue the ownership and operation of apartment communities that target a variety of customer segments and price points, consistent with our goal of offering a broad range of products and services. We operate our apartment communities under three core brands  Avalon, AVA  and  Eaves by Avalon.  We believe that this branding differentiation allows us to target our product offerings to multiple customer groups and submarkets within our existing geographic footprint. The  "Avalon"  brand is our core offering, focusing on upscale apartment living and high end amenities and services in urban and suburban markets. Our  "AVA"  brand is designed for people who want to live in or near urban neighborhoods and in close proximity to public transportation, services, shopping and night-life.  AVA  apartments are generally smaller, many engineered for roommate living and feature modern design and a technology focus. Our  Eaves by Avalon  brand is designed for renters who seek good quality apartment living, often in a suburban setting, with practical amenities and services at a more modest price point. During the  three years ended December 31, 2014 , excluding activity for the Funds (as defined below), we acquired  59  apartment communities, of which  54  were acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition (as defined in this Form 10-K). In addition, in 2013 in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition, excluding the Residual JV, we acquired interests in  three  unconsolidated joint ventures, as well as the Residual JV, as discussed below, which as of  December 31, 2014  own an aggregate of  13  apartment communities. During the  three years ended December 31, 2014 , we disposed of  16  apartment communities,  six  of which were acquired in the Archstone Acquisition, and completed the development of  37  apartment communities and the redevelopment of  22  apartment communities. During 2012, we also purchased our joint venture partner's interest in one operating community, obtaining a 100% ownership interest in that apartment community. In addition, we sold  one  wholly-owned community in  2015  through the date this Form 10-K was filed. In March 2005, we formed AvalonBay Value Added Fund, L.P. ("Fund I"), a private, discretionary real estate investment vehicle, which we manage and in which we own a  15.2%  interest. Fund I acquired communities with the objective of either redeveloping or repositioning them, or taking advantage of market cycle timing and improved operating performance. From its inception in March 2005 through the close of its investment period in 2008, Fund I acquired  20  communities. During the  three years ended December 31, 2014 , we realized our pro rata share of the gain from the sale of the last of the  17  communities owned by Fund I. During  2014 , Fund I disposed of its final four communities. Fund I has a term that expires in March 2015.   In September 2008, we formed AvalonBay Value Added Fund II, L.P. ("Fund II"), a second institutional discretionary real estate investment fund which we manage and in which we own a  31.3%  interest. In 2012, Fund II acquired its final operating community. From the commencement of Fund II through the close of its investment period, Fund II acquired  13  operating communities. During the  three years ended December 31, 2014 , we realized our pro rata share of the gain from the sale of  three  communities owned by Fund II. In conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition, excluding the Residual JV, we acquired interests in  three  additional joint ventures, Archstone Multifamily Partners AC LP (the "U.S. Fund"), Archstone Multifamily Partners AC JV LP (the "AC JV") and Brandywine Apartments of Maryland, LLC ("Brandywine"). The U.S. Fund was formed in July 2011 and is fully invested. The U.S. Fund owns  nine  communities containing  1,730  apartment homes, one of which includes a marina containing  229  boat slips. Through subsidiaries, we acquired and own the general partner of the fund and hold a  28.6%  interest in the fund. The AC JV is a joint venture in which we acquired Archstone's  20.0%  ownership interest. The AC JV was formed in 2011 and owns  three  operating apartment communities containing  921  apartment homes, one of which completed development in  2014 . The AC JV partnership agreement contains provisions that require us to provide a right of first offer ("ROFO") to the AC JV in connection with additional opportunities to acquire or develop additional interests in multifamily real estate assets within a specified geographic radius of the existing assets, generally one mile or less. The ROFO restriction expires in 2019. 2 Table of Contents Brandywine owns a  305  apartment home community located in Washington, DC, which is managed by a third party. Brandywine is comprised of  five  members who hold various interests in the joint venture. In conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition, we acquired a 26.1% equity interest in the venture, and subsequently purchased an additional 2.6% interest, and as of  December 31, 2014 , hold a  28.7%  equity interest in the venture. A more detailed description of Fund I, Fund II, the U.S. Fund and the AC JV (collectively, the "Funds"), Brandywine and the related investment activity can be found in the discussion in Note 6, "Investments in Real Estate Entities," of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report and in Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Through subsidiaries, the Company and Equity Residential entered into three limited liability company agreements (collectively, the “Residual JV”) through which the Company and Equity Residential acquired (i) certain assets of Archstone that the Company and Equity Residential plan to divest (to third parties or to the Company or Equity Residential) over time (the “Residual Assets”), and (ii) various liabilities of Archstone that the Company and Equity Residential agreed to assume in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition (the “Residual Liabilities”).  The Residual Assets currently include a  20.0%  interest in Lake Mendota Investments, LLC and Subsidiaries ("SWIB"), a joint venture which currently owns and manages  four  apartment communities with  1,410  apartment homes in the United States;  two  land parcels; and various licenses, insurance policies, contracts, office leases and other miscellaneous assets. The Residual Liabilities include most existing or future litigation and claims related to Archstone’s operations for periods before the close of the Archstone Acquisition, except for (i) claims that principally relate to the physical condition of the assets acquired directly by the Company or Equity Residential, which generally remain the sole responsibility of the Company or Equity Residential, as applicable, and (ii) certain tax and other litigation between Archstone and various equity holders in Archstone related to periods before the close of the Archstone Acquisition, and claims which may arise due to changes in the capital structure of Archstone that occurred prior to closing, for which Lehman has agreed to indemnify the Company and Equity Residential. The Company and Equity Residential jointly control the Residual JV and the Company holds a  40.0%  economic interest in the assets and liabilities of the Residual JV. Including sales by unconsolidated entities and entities in which we held a residual profits interest, and excluding the sale of indirect interests associated with the Residual JV, during  2014  we sold  12  operating communities and recognized a gain in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") of $ 181,557,000 . We also recognized income of  $60,534,000  representing our promoted interests in certain of the unconsolidated ventures disposed of in 2014. A further discussion of our development, redevelopment, disposition, acquisition, property management and related strategies follows. Development Strategy.     We select land for development and follow established procedures that we believe minimize both the cost and the risks of development. As one of the largest developers of multifamily rental apartment communities in our selected markets, we identify development opportunities through local market presence and access to local market information achieved through our regional offices. In addition to our principal executive office in Arlington, Virginia, we also maintain regional offices, administrative offices or specialty offices, including offices that are in or near the following cities: • Boston, Massachusetts; • Long Island, New York; • Los Angeles, California; • New York, New York; • Newport Beach, California; • San Francisco, California; • San Jose, California; • Seattle, Washington; • Fairfield, Connecticut; • Virginia Beach, Virginia; and • Woodbridge, New Jersey. 3 Table of Contents After selecting a target site, we usually negotiate for the right to acquire the site either through an option or a long-term conditional contract. Options and long-term conditional contracts generally allow us to acquire the target site shortly before the start of construction, which reduces development-related risks and preserves capital. However, as a result of competitive market conditions for land suitable for development, we have sometimes acquired and held land prior to construction for extended periods while entitlements are obtained, or acquired land zoned for uses other than residential with the potential for rezoning. For further discussion of our Development Rights, refer to Item 2. "Communities" in this report. We generally act as our own general contractor and construction manager, except for certain mid-rise and high-rise apartment communities, where we may elect to use third-party general contractors as construction managers. We generally perform these functions directly (although we may use a wholly-owned subsidiary) both for ourselves and for the joint ventures and partnerships of which we are a member or a partner. We believe direct involvement in construction enables us to achieve higher construction quality, greater control over construction schedules and cost savings. Our development, property management and construction teams monitor construction progress to ensure quality workmanship and a smooth and timely transition into the leasing and operating phase. During periods where competition for development land is more intense, we may acquire improved land with existing commercial uses and rezone the site for multifamily residential use. During the period that we hold these buildings for future development, any rent received in excess of expenses from these operations, which we consider to be incidental, is accounted for as a reduction in our investment in the development pursuit and not as net income. Any expenses relating to these operations, in excess of any rents received, are accounted for as a reduction in net income. We have also participated, and may in the future participate, in master planned or other large multi-use developments where we commit to build infrastructure (such as roads) to be used by other participants or commit to act as construction manager or general contractor in building structures or spaces for third parties (such as unimproved ground floor retail space, municipal garages or parks). Costs we incur in connection with these activities may be accounted for as additional invested capital in the community or we may earn fee income for providing these services. Particularly with large scale, urban in-fill developments, we may engage in significant environmental remediation efforts to prepare a site for construction. Throughout this report, the term "development" is used to refer to the entire property development cycle, including pursuit of zoning approvals, procurement of architectural and engineering designs and the construction process. References to "construction" refer to the actual construction of the property, which is only one element of the development cycle. Redevelopment Strategy.     When we undertake the redevelopment of a community, our goal is to renovate and/or rebuild an existing community so that our total investment is generally below replacement cost and the community is well positioned in the market to achieve attractive returns on our capital. We have dedicated redevelopment teams and procedures that are intended to control both the cost and risks of redevelopment. Our redevelopment teams, which include redevelopment, construction and property management personnel, monitor redevelopment progress. We believe we achieve significant cost savings by acting as our own general contractor. More importantly, this helps to ensure quality design and workmanship and a smooth and timely transition into the lease-up and restabilization phases. Throughout this report, the term "redevelopment" is used to refer to the entire redevelopment cycle, including planning and procurement of architectural and engineering designs, budgeting and actual renovation work. The actual renovation work is referred to as "reconstruction," which is only one element of the redevelopment cycle. Disposition Strategy.     We sell assets that no longer meet our long-term strategy or when market conditions are favorable, and we redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop, redevelop and acquire communities and to rebalance our portfolio across or within geographic regions. This also allows us to realize a portion of the value created through our investments and provides additional liquidity. We are then able to redeploy the net proceeds from our dispositions in lieu of raising that amount of capital externally. When we decide to sell a community, we generally solicit competing bids from unrelated parties for these individual assets and consider the sales price of each proposal. As part of the Archstone Acquisition, we acquired 14 assets that were contributed by third parties on a tax-deferred basis to an Archstone partnership in which the third parties received ownership interests.  To protect the tax-deferred nature of the contribution, the third parties are entitled to cash payments if we trigger tax obligations to the third parties by selling, or repaying secured financing on, the contributed assets.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the aggregate amount of the tax protection payments that would be triggered by the sale of all 14 contributed assets is estimated to be approximately  $44,000,000 . Acquisition Strategy.     Our core competencies in development and redevelopment discussed above allow us to be selective in the acquisitions we target. Acquisitions allow us to achieve rapid penetration into markets in which we desire an increased presence. Acquisitions (and dispositions) also help us achieve our desired product mix or rebalance our portfolio. Portfolio growth also allows for fixed general and administrative costs to be a smaller percentage of overall community Net Operating Income ("NOI").  4 Table of Contents We are not presently pursuing the formation of a new discretionary real estate investment fund, preferring at this time to maintain flexibility in shaping our portfolio of wholly-owned assets through acquisitions and dispositions. Property Management Strategy.     We seek to increase operating income through innovative, proactive property management that will result in higher revenue from communities while constraining operating expenses. Our principal strategies to maximize revenue include: • focusing on resident satisfaction; • staggering lease terms such that lease expirations are better matched to traffic patterns; • balancing high occupancy with premium pricing and increasing rents as market conditions permit; and • employing revenue management software to optimize the pricing and term of leases. Constraining growth in operating expenses is another way in which we seek to increase earnings growth. Growth in our portfolio and the resulting increase in revenue allows for fixed operating costs to be spread over a larger volume of revenue, thereby increasing operating margins. We constrain growth in operating expenses in a variety of ways, which include, but are not limited to, the following: • we use purchase order controls, acquiring goods and services from pre-approved vendors; • we use national negotiated contracts and also purchase supplies in bulk where possible; • we bid third-party contracts on a volume basis; • we strive to retain residents through high levels of service in order to eliminate the cost of preparing an apartment home for a new resident and to reduce marketing and vacant apartment utility costs; • we perform turnover work in-house or hire third parties, generally considering the most cost effective approach as well as expertise needed to perform the work; • we undertake preventive maintenance regularly to maximize resident safety and satisfaction, as well as to maximize property and equipment life; and • we aggressively pursue real estate tax appeals. On-site property management teams receive bonuses based largely upon the NOI produced at their respective communities. We use and continuously seek ways to improve technology applications to help manage our communities, believing that the accurate collection of financial and resident data will enable us to maximize revenue and control costs through careful leasing decisions, maintenance decisions and financial management. We generally manage the operation and leasing activity of our communities directly (although we may use a wholly-owned subsidiary) both for ourselves and the joint ventures and partnerships of which we are a member or a partner. From time to time we may engage a third party to manage leasing and/or maintenance activity at one or more of our communities. From time to time we also pursue or arrange ancillary services for our residents to provide additional revenue sources or increase resident satisfaction. As a REIT, we generally cannot provide direct services to our residents that are not customarily provided by a landlord, nor can we directly share in the income of a third party that provides such services. However, we can provide such non-customary services to residents or share in the revenue from such services if we do so through a "taxable REIT subsidiary," which is a subsidiary that is treated as a "C corporation" subject to federal income taxes. See "Tax Matters" below. Financing Strategy.     We maintain a capital structure that provides financial flexibility to ensure we can select cost effective capital market options that are well matched to our business risks. We estimate that our short-term liquidity needs will be met from cash on hand, borrowings under our  $1,300,000,000  revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility (the "Credit Facility"), sales of current operating communities and/or issuance of additional debt or equity securities. A determination to engage in an equity or debt offering depends on a variety of factors such as general market and economic conditions, our short and long-term liquidity needs, the relative costs of debt and equity capital and growth opportunities. A summary of debt and equity activity for the last three years is reflected on our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows of the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this report. 5 Table of Contents We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint ventures (including limited liability companies or partnerships) through which we would own an indirect economic interest of less than 100% of the community or communities owned directly by such joint ventures. Our decision to either hold an apartment community in fee simple or to have an indirect interest in the community through a joint venture is based on a variety of factors and considerations, including: (i) the economic and tax terms required by a seller of land or of a community; (ii) our desire to diversify our portfolio of communities by market, submarket and product type; (iii) our desire at times to preserve our capital resources to maintain liquidity or balance sheet strength; and (iv) our projection, in some circumstances, that we will achieve higher returns on our invested capital or reduce our risk if a joint venture vehicle is used. Investments in joint ventures are not limited to a specified percentage of our assets. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture agreement. In addition, from time to time, we may offer shares of our equity securities, debt securities or options to purchase stock in exchange for property. We may also acquire properties in exchange for properties we currently own. Other Strategies and Activities.     While we emphasize equity real estate investments in rental apartment communities, we have the ability to invest in other types of real estate, mortgages (including participating or convertible mortgages), securities of other REITs or real estate operating companies, or securities of technology companies that relate to our real estate operations or of companies that provide services to us or our residents, in each case consistent with our qualification as a REIT. In addition, we own and lease retail space at our communities when either (i) the highest and best use of the space is for retail (e.g., street level in an urban area); (ii) we believe the retail space will enhance the attractiveness of the community to residents or; (iii) some component of retail space is required to obtain entitlements to build apartment homes. As of  December 31, 2014 , we had a total of  625,798  square feet of rentable retail space, excluding retail space within communities currently under construction. Gross rental revenue provided by leased retail space in  2014  was  $17,894,000  ( 1.1%  of total revenue). We may also develop a property in conjunction with another real estate company that will own and operate the retail component of a mixed-use building that we help develop. If we secure a development right and believe that its best use, in whole or in part, is to develop the real estate with the intent to sell rather than hold the asset, we may, through a taxable REIT subsidiary, develop real estate for sale. Any investment in securities of other entities, and any development of real estate for sale, is subject to the percentage of ownership limitations, gross income tests, and other limitations that must be observed for REIT qualification. We have not engaged in trading, underwriting or agency distribution or sale of securities of other issuers and do not intend to do so. At all times we intend to make investments in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT unless, because of circumstances or changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code (or the Treasury Regulations thereunder), our Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to qualify as a REIT. Tax Matters We filed an election with our 1994 federal income tax return to be taxed as a REIT under the Code and intend to maintain our qualification as a REIT in the future. As a qualified REIT, with limited exceptions, such as those described under "Property Management Strategy" above, we will not be taxed under federal and certain state income tax laws at the corporate level on our taxable net income to the extent taxable net income is distributed to our stockholders. We expect to make sufficient distributions to avoid income tax at the corporate level. While we believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in this regard. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of a variety of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. Competition We face competition from other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, partnerships and investment companies and other REITs, to acquire and develop apartment communities and acquire land for future development. As an owner and operator of apartment communities, we also face competition for prospective residents from other operators whose communities may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. Although we often compete against large, sophisticated developers and operators for development opportunities and for prospective residents, real estate developers and operators of any size can provide effective competition for both real estate assets and potential residents. 6 Table of Contents Environmental and Related Matters As a current or prior owner, operator and developer of real estate, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances and also could be liable to third parties resulting from environmental contamination or noncompliance at our communities. For some development communities we undertake extensive environmental remediation to prepare the site for construction, which could be a significant portion of our total construction cost. Environmental remediation efforts could expose us to possible liabilities for accidents or improper handling of contaminated materials during construction. These and other risks related to environmental matters are described in more detail in Item 1A. "Risk Factors." We believe that more government regulation of energy use, along with a greater focus on environmental protection, may, over time, have a significant impact on urban growth patterns. If changes in zoning to encourage greater density and proximity to mass transit do occur, such changes could benefit multifamily housing and those companies with a competency in high-density development. However, there can be no assurance as to whether or when such changes in regulations or zoning will occur or, if they do occur, whether the multifamily industry or the Company will benefit from such changes. Other Information We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document we file at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may call the SEC at 1-202-551-8090 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We maintain a website at www.avalonbay.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge in the "Investor Relations" section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the charters of our Board's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee, as well as our Director Independence Standards, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, Policy Regarding Shareholder Rights Agreements, Policy Regarding Shareholder Approval of Future Severance Agreements, Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines, and Policy on Recoupment of Incentive Compensation, are available free of charge in that section of our website or by writing to AvalonBay Communities, Inc., Ballston Tower, Suite 800, 671 N. Glebe Rd., Arlington, Virginia 22203, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. To the extent required by the rules of the SEC and the NYSE, we will disclose amendments and waivers relating to these documents in the same place on our website. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of California in 1978. In 1995, we reincorporated in the State of Maryland and have been focused on the ownership and operation of apartment communities since that time. As of  January 31, 2015 , we had  3,006  employees. 7 Table of Contents ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS Our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below. This Item 1A. includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. We intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment home communities. These activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas. These activities may be exposed to the following risks: • we may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities; • occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities; • we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities; • we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor or other costs; • we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a community on schedule, resulting in increased construction and financing costs and a decrease in expected rental revenues; • we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity; • we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example, in connection with managing existing improvements on the site prior to tenant terminations and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to third parties (such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements); and • we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed and operated in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Acts, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants, and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance. We estimate construction costs based on market conditions at the time we prepare our budgets, and our projections include changes that we anticipate but cannot predict with certainty. Construction costs may increase, particularly for labor and certain materials and, for some of our Development Communities and Development Rights (as defined below), the total construction costs may be higher than the original budget. Total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs incurred and projected to be incurred to develop or redevelop a community, determined in accordance with GAAP, including: • land and/or property acquisition costs; • fees paid to secure air rights and/or tax abatements; • construction or reconstruction costs; • costs of environmental remediation; • real estate taxes; • capitalized interest and insurance; • loan fees; • permits; • professional fees; 8 Table of Contents • allocated development or redevelopment overhead; and • other regulatory fees. Costs to redevelop communities that have been acquired have, in some cases, exceeded our original estimates and similar increases in costs may be experienced in the future. We cannot assure you that market rents in effect at the time new development or redevelopment communities complete lease-up will be sufficient to fully offset the effects of any increased construction or reconstruction costs. Unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses, and the overall market value of our assets, including joint ventures and investments in the Funds. Local conditions in our markets significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating performance of our communities. The risks that may adversely affect conditions in those markets include the following: • plant closings, industry slowdowns and other factors that adversely affect the local economy; • an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment homes; • a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth; • the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; • rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other laws regulating housing, that could prevent us from raising rents to offset increases in operating costs; and • economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site associates and routine maintenance. Changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect our operations or expose us to liability. We must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord tenant laws and other laws generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with laws could expose us to liability. Lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements and the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord/tenant laws, or (iii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our communities, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes. Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents. Substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. Because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. Competition could limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents. Our apartment communities compete with other housing alternatives to attract residents, including other rental apartments, condominiums and single-family homes that are available for rent, as well as new and existing condominiums and single-family homes for sale. Competitive residential housing in a particular area could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and to increase or maintain rental rates. Attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our profitability. We expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension funds, other REITs and other well-capitalized investors, will compete with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. This competition could increase prices for properties of the type we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability. 9 Table of Contents Capital and credit market conditions may adversely affect our access to various sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact our business activities, dividends, earnings, and common stock price, among other things. In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. We primarily use external financing to fund construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or paying out less than 100% of our taxable income. To the extent that we are able and/or choose to access capital at a higher cost than we have experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing) our earnings per share and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and/or decline in a high interest rate or volatile economic environment. We believe that the lenders under our Credit Facility will fulfill their lending obligations thereunder, but if economic conditions deteriorate, there can be no assurance that the ability of those lenders to fulfill their obligations would not be adversely impacted. Insufficient cash flow could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk. We are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. In this regard, we note that in order for us to continue to qualify as a REIT, we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain. This requirement limits the amount of our cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. The principal outstanding balance on a portion of our debt will not be fully amortized prior to its maturity. Although we may be able to repay our debt by using our cash flows, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. Therefore, we may need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms; either of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our common stock. We currently have, and may in the future incur, contractual variable interest rate debt. In addition, we regularly seek access to both fixed and variable rate debt financing to repay maturing debt and to finance our development and redevelopment activity. Accordingly, if interest rates increase, our interest costs will also rise, unless we have made arrangements that hedge the risk of rising interest rates. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Bond financing and zoning compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable. We have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this debt is generally exempt from federal income taxes and, therefore, the interest rate is generally more favorable to us. These obligations are commonly referred to as "tax-exempt bonds" and generally must be secured by mortgages on our communities. As a condition to obtaining tax-exempt financing, or on occasion as a condition to obtaining favorable zoning in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in a community available to households whose income does not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or 80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. As of  December 31, 2014 , approximately  6.0%  of our apartment homes at current operating communities were under income limitations such as these. These commitments, which may run without expiration or may expire after a period of time (such as 15 or 20 years) may limit our ability to raise rents and, in consequence, can also adversely affect the value of the communities subject to these restrictions. In addition, some of our tax-exempt bond financing documents require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal of, and interest on, the bonds. The guarantee may take the form of a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. If the financial institution defaults in its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur under the applicable tax-exempt bonds and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the bonds. Risks related to indebtedness. We have a Credit Facility with a syndicate of commercial banks. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred. Accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 10 Table of Contents The mortgages on those of our properties that are subject to secured debt, our Credit Facility and the indenture under which a substantial portion of our debt was issued contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. Maintaining compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. A default in these requirements, if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could severely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. Refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further discussion. The mortgages on those of our properties subject to secured debt generally include provisions which stipulate a prepayment penalty or payment that we will be obligated to pay in the event that we elect to repay the mortgage note prior to the earlier of (i) the stated maturity of the note, or (ii) the date at which the mortgage note is prepayable without such penalty or payment. If we elect to repay some or all of the outstanding principal balance for our mortgage notes, we may incur prepayment penalties or payments under these provisions which could adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. There are two major debt rating agencies that routinely evaluate and rate our debt. Their ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, amount of real estate under development, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings, among other factors. If market conditions change, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. Debt financing may not be available and equity issuances could be dilutive to our stockholders. Our ability to execute our business strategy depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt and equity financing. Debt financing may not be available in sufficient amounts or on favorable terms. If we issue additional equity securities, the interests of existing stockholders could be diluted. Failure to generate sufficient revenue or other liquidity needs could limit cash flow available for distributions to stockholders. A decrease in rental revenue, or liquidity needs such as the repayment of indebtedness or funding of our development activities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Significant expenditures associated with each community such as debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from a community. The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by economic and other considerations. The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and other factors as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The Board of Directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time. We may choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in our stock, as we did in the fourth quarter of 2008. Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, the trading price of our stock would experience downward pressure if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends. 11 Table of Contents Difficulty of selling apartment communities could limit liquidity and financial flexibility. Federal tax laws may limit our ability to earn a gain on the sale of a community (unless we own it through a subsidiary which will incur a taxable gain upon sale) if we are found to have held, acquired or developed the community primarily with the intent to resell the community, and this limitation may affect our ability to sell communities without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. In addition, real estate in our markets can at times be difficult to sell quickly at prices we find acceptable. These potential difficulties in selling real estate in our markets may limit our ability to change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Acquisitions may not yield anticipated results. Our business strategy includes acquiring as well as developing communities. Our acquisition activities and their success may be exposed to the following risks: • an acquired property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment; and • our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove inaccurate. Failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences. We may from time to time commence development activity or make acquisitions outside of our existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise. Our historical experience in our existing markets in developing, owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. We may be exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets, including an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment market conditions; an inability to obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities; an inability to hire and retain key personnel; and lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. Although we are primarily in the multifamily business, we also own and lease ancillary retail space when a retail component represents the best use of the space, as is often the case with large urban in-fill developments. We also may engage or have an interest in for-sale activity. We may be unsuccessful in owning and leasing retail space at our communities or in developing real estate with the intent to sell, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We are currently implementing two new brands of communities that target various customer preferences. We cannot assure that these brands will be successful or that our costs in developing and implementing these brands will result in incremental revenue and earnings. Land we hold with no current intent to develop may be subject to future impairment charges. We own parcels of land that we do not currently intend to develop. As discussed in Item 2. "Communities—Other Land and Real Estate Assets" in the event that the fair market value of a parcel changes such that we determine that the carrying basis of the parcel reflected in our financial statements is greater than the parcel's then current fair value, less costs to dispose, we would be subject to an impairment charge, which would reduce our net income. We are exposed to various risks from our real estate activity through joint ventures. Instead of acquiring or developing apartment communities directly, at times we invest as a partner or a co-venturer. Joint venture investments (including investments through partnerships or limited liability companies) involve risks, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner for indemnifiable losses; that our partner might at any time have business goals that are inconsistent with ours; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. Frequently, we and our partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, that could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. We are exposed to risks associated with investment in and management of discretionary real estate investment funds . We formed Fund I and Fund II, in which we have an equity interest of  15.2%  and  31.3% , and as part of the Archstone Acquisition we acquired equity interests in the U.S. Fund and the AC JV of  28.6%  and  20.0% , respectively, which, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, we manage as the general partner and managing member and in which at  December 31, 2014  we have an aggregate equity investment, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of each respective fund, of approximately  $250,024,000 , net of distributions to us. The investment periods for Fund I, Fund II and the U.S. Fund are over, and Fund I has a term that expires in March 2015. The Funds present risks, including the following: 12 Table of Contents • our subsidiaries that are the general partners of the Funds are generally liable, under partnership law, for the debts and obligations of the respective Funds, subject to certain exculpation and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement of the Funds; • investors in the Funds holding a majority of the partnership interests may remove us as the general partner without cause, in the case of Fund I and Fund II, subject to our right to receive compensation for an additional period of management fees after such removal and our right to acquire one of the properties then held by such Funds; • while we have broad discretion to manage the Funds, the investors or an advisory committee comprised of representatives of the investors must approve certain matters, and as a result we may be unable to cause the Funds to implement certain decisions that we consider beneficial; and • we may be liable and/or our status as a REIT may be jeopardized if either the Funds, or the REIT entities associated with the Funds and/or the U.S. Fund and/or AC JV, fail to comply with various tax or other regulatory matters. The governance provisions of our joint ventures with Equity Residential could adversely affect our flexibility in dealing with such joint venture assets and liabilities . In connection with the Archstone Acquisition, we created joint ventures with Equity Residential that manage certain of the acquired assets and liabilities. These structures involve participation in the ventures by Equity Residential whose interests and rights may not be the same as ours. Joint ownership of an investment in real estate involves risks not associated with direct ownership of real estate, including the risk that Equity Residential may at any time have economic or other business interests or goals which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals, including inconsistent goals relating to the sale of properties held in the joint ventures or the timing of the termination and liquidation of the joint ventures. Under the form for the joint venture arrangements, neither we nor Equity Residential expect to individually have the sole power to control the ventures, and an impasse could occur, which could adversely affect the applicable joint venture and decrease potential returns to us and our investors. We rely on information technology in our operations, and any breach, interruption or security failure of that technology could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or reputation. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. We collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing and property management activities, and we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our associates in connection with their employment. In addition, we engage third party service providers that may have access to such personally identifiable information in connection with providing necessary information technology and security and other business services to us. We address potential breaches or disclosure of this confidential personally identifiable information by implementing a variety of security measures intended to protect the confidentiality and security of this information including (among others) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems, including testing and verification of their proper and secure operations on a periodic basis. We also maintain cyber risk insurance to cover certain risks arising out of data and network breaches. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent unauthorized access to this information. Any failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could result in a wide range of potentially serious harm to our business operations and financial prospects, including (among others) disruption of our business and operations, disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information (including personal information of our residents and/or associates), damage to our reputation, and/or potentially significant legal and/or financial liabilities and penalties. We are exposed to risks that are either uninsurable, not economically insurable or in excess of our insurance coverage, including risks from natural disasters such as earthquakes and severe weather.  Earthquake risk.   As further described in Item 2. "Communities—Insurance and Risk of Uninsured Losses" many of our West Coast communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. We cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. 13 Table of Contents Insurance coverage for earthquakes can be costly and in limited supply. As a result, we may experience shortages in desired coverage levels if market conditions are such that insurance is not available or the cost of insurance makes it, in management's view, economically impractical. Severe or inclement weather risk.   Particularly in New England and the Metro New York/New Jersey area, we are exposed to risks associated with inclement or severe weather, including hurricanes, severe winter storms and coastal flooding.  Severe or inclement weather may result in increased costs, such as losses and costs resulting from repair of water and wind damage, removal of snow and ice, and, in the case of our development communities, delays in construction that result in increased construction costs and delays in realizing rental revenues from a community.  In addition, severe or inclement weather could increase the need for maintenance of our communities. Where we have a geographic concentration of exposures, a single catastrophe that affects a region, such as an earthquake that affects the West Coast or a hurricane or severe winter storm that affects the Mid-Atlantic, Metro New York/New Jersey or New England regions, may have a significant negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Terrorism risk.   We have significant investments in large metropolitan markets, such as the Metro New York/New Jersey and Washington, D.C. markets, that have in the past been or may in the future be the target of actual or threatened terrorist attacks.  Future terrorist attacks in these markets could directly or indirectly damage our communities, both physically and financially, or cause losses that exceed our insurance coverage that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A significant uninsured property or liability loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the earthquake insurance discussed above, we carry commercial general liability insurance, property insurance and terrorism insurance with respect to our communities on terms we consider commercially reasonable. There are, however, certain types of losses (such as losses arising from acts of war) that are not insured, in full or in part, because they are either uninsurable or the cost of insurance makes it, in management's view, economically impractical. If an uninsured property loss or a property loss in excess of insured limits were to occur, we could lose our capital invested in a community, as well as the anticipated future revenues from such community. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. If an uninsured liability to a third party were to occur, we would incur the cost of defense and settlement with, or court ordered damages to, that third party. A significant uninsured property or liability loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. We may incur costs due to environmental contamination or non-compliance. Under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances, we may be required, regardless of knowledge or responsibility, to investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases natural substances such as methane and radon gas) and may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for property, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the contamination. These damages and costs may be substantial and may exceed any insurance coverage we have for such events. The presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate the contamination, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property. In addition, some environmental laws create or allow a government agency to impose a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs as a result of the contamination. The development, construction and operation of our communities are subject to regulations and permitting under various federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances, which regulate matters including wetlands protection, storm water runoff and wastewater discharge. These laws and regulations may impose restrictions on the manner in which our communities may be developed, and noncompliance with these laws and regulations may subject us to fines and penalties. We do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of noncompliance with these laws. Certain federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances govern the removal, encapsulation or disturbance of asbestos containing materials ("ACMs") when such materials are in poor condition or in the event of renovation or demolition of a building. These laws and the common law may impose liability for release of ACMs and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with exposure to ACMs. We are not aware that any ACMs were used in the construction of the communities we developed. ACMs were, however, used in the construction of a number of the communities that we acquired. We implement an operations and maintenance program at each of the communities at which ACMs are detected. We do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of the presence of ACMs at our communities. 14 Table of Contents We are aware that some of our communities have lead paint and have implemented an operations and maintenance program at each of those communities. We do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of the presence of lead paint at our communities. Environmental agencies and third parties may assert claims for remediation or personal injury based on the alleged actual or potential intrusion into buildings of chemical vapors from soils or groundwater underlying or in the vicinity of those buildings or on nearby properties. We currently do not anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of vapor intrusion at our communities. All of our stabilized operating communities, and all of the communities that we are currently developing, have been subjected to at least a Phase I or similar environmental assessment, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling. These assessments, together with subsurface assessments conducted on some properties, have not revealed, and we are not otherwise aware of, any environmental conditions that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition or results of operations. In connection with our ownership, operation and development of communities, from time to time we undertake substantial remedial action in response to the presence of subsurface or other contaminants, including contaminants in soil, groundwater and soil vapor beneath or affecting our buildings. In some cases, an indemnity exists upon which we may be able to rely if environmental liability arises from the contamination or remediation costs exceed estimates. There can be no assurance, however, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties or that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, in the event that environmental liability arises. Mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Although the occurrence of mold at multifamily and other structures, and the need to remediate such mold, is not a new phenomenon, there has been increased awareness in recent years that certain molds may in some instances lead to adverse health effects, including allergic or other reactions. To help limit mold growth, we educate residents about the importance of adequate ventilation and request or require that they notify us when they see mold or excessive moisture. We have established procedures for promptly addressing and remediating mold or excessive moisture from apartment homes when we become aware of its presence regardless of whether we or the resident believe a health risk is presented. However, we cannot provide assurance that mold or excessive moisture will be detected and remediated in a timely manner. If a significant mold problem arises at one of our communities, we could be required to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected community and could be exposed to other liabilities that may exceed any applicable insurance coverage. Additionally, we have occasionally been involved in developing, managing, leasing and operating various properties for third parties. Consequently, we may be considered to have been an operator of such properties and, therefore, potentially liable for removal or remediation costs or other potential costs which relate to the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at such properties. We are not aware of any material environmental liabilities with respect to properties managed or developed by us or our predecessors for such third parties. We cannot assure you that: • the environmental assessments described above have identified all potential environmental liabilities; • no prior owner created any material environmental condition not known to us or the consultants who prepared the assessments; • no environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental assessments were prepared; • the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our communities, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, will not affect the environmental condition of our communities; • future uses or conditions, including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, will not result in the imposition of environmental liability; and • no environmental liabilities will arise at communities that we have sold for which we may have liability. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain the services of executive officers and other personnel. Our executive officers make important capital allocation decisions or recommendations to our Board of Directors from among the opportunities identified by our regional offices. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry, and the loss of several of our key personnel could adversely affect the Company. 15 Table of Contents Failure to qualify as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a corporation, which would significantly reduce funds available for distribution to stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax). In addition, unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would be ineligible to make an election for treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we lose our qualification. The additional tax liability resulting from the failure to qualify as a REIT would significantly reduce or eliminate the amount of funds available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, we would no longer be required to make distributions to our stockholders. Thus, our failure to qualify as a REIT could also impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would adversely affect the value of our common stock. We believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT, and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot assure you that we are qualified as a REIT, or that we will remain qualified in the future. This is because qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of a variety of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. In addition, future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the tax laws or the application of the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the federal income tax consequences of this qualification. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and on taxable income that we do not distribute to our shareholders. In addition, we may through our taxable REIT subsidiaries hold certain assets and engage in certain activities that a REIT could not engage in directly. We also use taxable REIT subsidiaries to hold certain assets that we believe would be subject to the 100% prohibited transaction tax if sold at a gain outside of a taxable REIT subsidiary. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to U.S. tax as regular corporations. The Archstone Acquisition increased the amount of assets held through our taxable REIT subsidiaries. The ability of our stockholders to control our policies and effect a change of control of our company is limited by certain provisions of our charter and bylaws and by Maryland law. There are provisions in our charter and bylaws that may discourage a third party from making a proposal to acquire us, even if some of our stockholders might consider the proposal to be in their best interests. These provisions include the following: Our charter authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to  50,000,000  shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval and to establish the preferences and rights, including voting rights, of any series of preferred stock issued. The Board of Directors may issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could allow the Board to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock that could discourage or delay a tender offer or a change in control. To maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by or for five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any taxable year. To maintain this qualification, and/or to address other concerns about concentrations of ownership of our stock, our charter generally prohibits ownership (directly, indirectly by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, or beneficially as defined in Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act) by any single stockholder of more than 9.8% of the issued and outstanding shares of any class or series of our stock. In general, under our charter, pension plans and mutual funds may directly and beneficially own up to 15% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of stock. Under our charter, our Board of Directors may in its sole discretion waive or modify the ownership limit for one or more persons, but is not required to do so even if such waiver would not affect our qualification as a REIT. These ownership limits may prevent or delay a change in control and, as a result, could adversely affect our stockholders' ability to realize a premium for their shares of common stock. As a Maryland corporation, we are subject to the provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law. Maryland law imposes restrictions on some business combinations and requires compliance with statutory procedures before some mergers and acquisitions may occur, which may delay or prevent offers to acquire us or increase the difficulty of completing any offers, even if they are in our stockholders' best interests. In addition, other provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law permit the Board of Directors to make elections and to take actions without stockholder approval (such as classifying our Board such that the entire Board is not up for re-election annually) that, if made or taken, could have the effect of discouraging or delaying a change in control. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2.    COMMUNITIES Our real estate investments consist primarily of current operating apartment communities, communities in various stages of development ("Development Communities") and Development Rights (as defined below). Our current operating communities are further distinguished as Established Communities, Other Stabilized Communities, Lease-Up Communities and Redevelopment Communities, and exclude communities owned by the Residual JV. While we generally establish the classification of communities on an annual basis, we intend to update the classification of communities during the calendar year to the extent that our plans with regard to the disposition or redevelopment of a community change during the year.  The following is a description of each category: Current Communities  are categorized as Established, Other Stabilized, Lease-Up or Redevelopment according to the following attributes: • Established Communities (also known as Same Store Communities)  are consolidated communities where a comparison of operating results from the prior year period to the current year period is meaningful, as these communities were owned and had stabilized occupancy as of the beginning of the prior year period. The Company generally establishes the classification of communities as of the beginning of the calendar year; however, in 2014, effective April 1, 2014, the Company updated its classification of communities primarily to include communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition in the results of operations of our Established Community portfolio for the balance of the year.  The Established Communities for the year ended  December 31, 2014  are communities that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, had stabilized occupancy as of January 1, 2013, are not conducting or planning to conduct substantial redevelopment activities, and are not held for sale or planned for disposition within the current year period. Any discussion of results of operations for the Established Communities for the year ended  December 31, 2014  excludes communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. The Established Communities as of  December 31, 2014 , as updated effective April 1, 2014, are communities that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, had stabilized occupancy as of April 1, 2013, are not conducting or planning to conduct substantial redevelopment activities, and are not held for sale or planned for disposition within the current year period.  Established Communities as of  December 31, 2014  include most of the stabilized operating communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition.  A community is considered to have stabilized occupancy at the earlier of (i) attainment of  95%  physical occupancy or (ii) the one-year anniversary of completion of development or redevelopment. • Other Stabilized Communities  includes all other completed communities that we own or have a direct or indirect ownership interest in, and that have stabilized occupancy, as defined above. Other Stabilized Communities do not include communities that are conducting or planning to conduct substantial redevelopment activities within the current year.  Other Stabilized Communities for the year ended  December 31, 2014  include the stabilized operating communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. • Lease-Up Communities  are communities where construction has been complete for less than one year and where physical occupancy has not reached  95% . • Redevelopment Communities  are communities where substantial redevelopment is in progress or is planned to begin during the current year. Redevelopment is considered substantial when capital invested during the reconstruction effort is expected to exceed the lesser of  $5,000,000  or  10%  of the community's pre-redevelopment basis and is expected to have a material impact on the operations of the community, including occupancy levels and future rental rates. Development Communities  are communities that are under construction and for which a certificate or certificates of occupancy for the entire community have not been received. These communities may be partially complete and operating. Development Rights  are development opportunities in the early phase of the development process for which we either have an option to acquire land or enter into a leasehold interest, for which we are the buyer under a long-term conditional contract to purchase land, where we control the land through a ground lease or own land to develop a new community, or where we are the designated developer in a public-private partnership. We capitalize related pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of new developments for which we currently believe future development is probable. We currently lease our corporate headquarters located in Arlington, Virginia, as well as our other regional and administrative offices under operating leases. 17 Table of Contents As of  December 31, 2014 , communities that we owned or held a direct or indirect interest in, excluding indirect interests associated with the Residual JV, were classified as follows:   Number of communities   Number of apartment homes Current Communities               Established Communities (1):       New England 33   7,379 Metro NY/NJ (2) 33   11,611 Mid-Atlantic 22   7,108 Pacific Northwest 13   3,179 Northern California 29   8,519 Southern California 42   11,639 Total Established 172   49,435         Other Stabilized Communities:       New England 12   3,306 Metro NY/NJ 9   2,557 Mid-Atlantic 12   4,599 Pacific Northwest 2   396 Northern California 7   1,765 Southern California 12   4,640 Non-Core 2   474 Total Other Stabilized 56   17,737         Lease-Up Communities 15   3,853         Redevelopment Communities 8   2,938         Total Current Communities 251   73,963         Development Communities 26   8,524         Development Rights 37   10,384 ____________________________ (1) Reflects the community classification effective April 1, 2014, which includes most stabilized communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition in our Established Communities portfolio. (2) Metro NY/NJ Established Communities includes 240 apartment homes which were destroyed and are uninhabitable as a result of the fire at Avalon at Edgewater in January 2015.  Our holdings under each of the above categories are discussed on the following pages. We generally establish the composition of our Established Communities portfolio annually. Determined as of January 1 of each of the respective years, the Established Communities portfolio for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , had  23 ,  19  and  11  communities added, respectively, and  six ,  seven  and  17  communities removed, respectively. The Company removes a community from its Established Communities portfolio for the upcoming year (and then generally maintains that designation) if the Company believes that planned activity for a community for the upcoming year will result in that community's expected operations not being comparable to the prior year period.  The Company believes that a community's expected operations will not be comparable to the prior year period when it intends either (i) to undertake a significant capital renovation of the community, such that the Company would consider the community to be classified as a Redevelopment Community; or (ii) to dispose of a community through a sale or other disposition transaction.  For the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , the Company removed  four ,  five  and  10  communities, respectively, from its Established Communities portfolio due to a reclassification to the Redevelopment Community portfolio on account of then current or expected redevelopment, and removed  two ,  two  and  seven  communities, respectively, from its Established Communities portfolio due to the planned disposition of the communities.  18 Table of Contents Effective April 1, 2014, the Company updated its operating segments primarily to include communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition in the results of operations of our Established Community portfolio for the balance of the year. The Established Communities portfolio as of  December 31, 2014  added 43 stabilized communities to the Established Communities portfolio, primarily those acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition, and removed one community from our Established Communities portfolio effective January 1, 2014, due to a reclassification to the Redevelopment Community portfolio. Current Communities Our Current Communities include garden-style apartment communities consisting of multi-story buildings in landscaped settings, as well as mid and high rise apartment communities in urban settings. As of  January 31, 2015 , our Current Communities consisted of  142  garden-style (of which  16  are mixed communities and/or include town homes),  21  high-rise and  89  mid-rise apartment communities. Our communities generally offer a variety of quality amenities and features, which may include: • fully-equipped kitchens; • lofts and vaulted ceilings; • walk-in closets; • fireplaces; • patios/decks; and • modern appliances. Other features at various communities may include: • swimming pools; • fitness centers; • tennis courts; and • wi-fi lounges. As described in Item 1. "Business," we operate under three core brands  Avalon, AVA  and  Eaves by Avalon.  Our core  "Avalon"  brand focuses on upscale apartment living and high end amenities and services.  "AVA"  targets customers in high energy, transit-served urban neighborhoods and generally feature smaller apartments, many of which are designed for roommate living with an emphasis on modern design and a technology focus.  "Eaves by Avalon"  is targeted to the cost conscious, "value" segment in suburban areas. We believe that these brands allow us to further penetrate our existing markets by targeting our market by consumer preference and attitude as well as by location and price. We also have an extensive and ongoing maintenance program to continually maintain and enhance our communities and apartment homes. The aesthetic appeal of our communities and a service-oriented property management team, focused on the specific needs of residents, enhances market appeal to discriminating residents. We believe our mission of  Enhancing the Lives of our Residents  helps us achieve higher rental rates and occupancy levels while minimizing resident turnover and operating expenses. Our Current Communities, excluding indirect interests associated with the Residual JV, are located in the following geographic markets: 19 Table of Contents   Number of communities at   Number of apartment homes at   Percentage of total apartment homes at   1/31/2014   1/31/2015   1/31/2014   1/31/2015   1/31/2014   1/31/2015 New England 49   50   11,868   11,444   16.3 %   15.4 % Boston, MA 34   36   8,518   8,555   11.7 %   11.5 % Fairfield County, CT 15   14   3,350   2,889   4.6 %   3.9 %                         Metro NY/NJ 45   47   14,676   15,258   20.1 %   20.6 % New York City, NY 10   10   3,581   3,582   4.9 %   4.8 % New York Suburban 17   19   5,039   5,554   6.9 %   7.5 % New Jersey (1) 18   18   6,056   6,122   8.3 %   8.3 %                         Mid-Atlantic 37   37   13,118   13,308   18.0 %   17.9 % Washington Metro 37   37   13,118   13,308   18.0 %   17.9 %                         Pacific Northwest 16   16   3,794   3,858   5.2 %   5.2 % Seattle, WA 16   16   3,794   3,858   5.2 %   5.2 %                         Northern California 37   41   11,104   11,974   15.3 %   16.1 % Oakland-East Bay, CA 10   12   3,244   3,591   4.5 %   4.8 % San Francisco, CA 14   15   3,207   3,480   4.4 %   4.7 % San Jose, CA 13   14   4,653   4,903   6.4 %   6.6 %                         Southern California 57   57   17,221   17,132   23.7 %   23.1 % Los Angeles, CA 34   35   10,344   10,575   14.3 %   14.3 % Orange County, CA 13   12   3,745   3,425   5.1 %   4.6 % San Diego, CA 10   10   3,132   3,132   4.3 %   4.2 %                         Non-Core 3   4   1,030   1,266   1.4 %   1.7 %                           244   252   72,811   74,240   100.0 %   100.0 % ____________________________ (1) New Jersey Current Communities includes 240 apartment homes which were destroyed and are uninhabitable as a result of the fire at Avalon at Edgewater in January 2015.  We manage and operate substantially all of our Current Communities. During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , we completed construction of  4,121  apartment homes in  17  communities and sold  3,234  apartment homes in  12  communities. The average age of our Current Communities, on a weighted average basis according to number of apartment homes, is  19.5  years. When adjusted to reflect redevelopment activity, as if redevelopment were a new construction completion date, the weighted average age of our Current Communities is  13.1  years. Of the Current Communities, as of  January 31, 2015 , we owned (directly or through wholly-owned subsidiaries): • a full fee simple, or absolute, ownership interest in  225  operating communities,  12  of which are on land subject to land leases expiring in October 2026, November 2028, May 2041, July 2046, December 2061, September 2065, November 2067, April 2095, May 2105, September 2105, April 2106 and March 2142; • a general partnership interest and an indirect limited partnership interest in Fund I, Fund II, the U.S. Fund and the AC JV. Subsidiaries of Fund II own a fee simple interest in  10  operating communities, subsidiaries of the U.S. Fund own a fee simple interest in  nine  operating communities, and subsidiaries of the AC JV own a fee simple interest in  three  operating communities; • a general partnership interest in  one  partnership structured as a "DownREIT," as described more fully below, that owns  one  community; and • a membership interest in  four  limited liability companies, that each hold a fee simple interest in an operating community. 20 Table of Contents For some communities, a land lease is used to support tax advantaged structures that ultimately allow us to purchase the land upon lease expiration. We have options to purchase the underlying land for certain of the land leases for which we have an absolute ownership interest that expire in October 2026, November 2028 and April 2095. We also hold, directly or through wholly-owned subsidiaries, the full fee simple ownership interest in 24 of the  26  Development Communities and a leasehold interest in  two  of the Development Communities with the land leases expiring in December 2086 and November 2106. The land lease expiring in 2086 provides an option for the Company to purchase the land at some point during the lease term. In our partnership structured as a DownREIT, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries is the general partner, and there are limited partners whose interest in the partnership is represented by units of limited partnership interest. Limited partners are entitled to receive an initial distribution before any distribution is made to the general partner. Under the partnership agreement for the DownREIT, the distributions per unit paid to the holders of units of limited partnership interests are equal to our current common stock dividend amount. The holders of units of limited partnership interest have the right to present all or some of their units for redemption for a cash amount as determined by the partnership agreement and based on the fair value of our common stock. In lieu of a cash redemption by the partnership, we may elect to acquire any unit presented for redemption for one share of our common stock or for such cash amount. As of  January 31, 2015 , there were 7,500 DownREIT partnership units outstanding. The DownREIT partnership is consolidated for financial reporting purposes. 21 Table of Contents Profile of Current, Development and Unconsolidated Communities (1) (13)             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   CURRENT COMMUNITIES                                             NEW ENGLAND                                             Boston, MA                                             Avalon at Lexington   Lexington, MA   198   230,956   1994   1,166   88.9 %   93.8 % 95.1 % $ 2,213   $ 1.90 $ 23,922 Avalon Oaks   Wilmington, MA   204   229,932   1999   1,127   90.1 %   92.4 % 95.9 % 1,608   1.43 22,843 Eaves Quincy   Quincy, MA   245   224,538   1986/1995   916   96.3 %   94.6 % 96.5 % 1,674   1.83 25,688 Avalon Essex   Peabody, MA   154   198,478   2000   1,289   95.5 %   95.9 % 96.3 % 1,933   1.50 23,325 Avalon Oaks West   Wilmington, MA   120   133,376   2002   1,111   95.0 %   95.8 % 96.1 % 1,628   1.47 17,531 Avalon Orchards   Marlborough, MA   156   175,832   2002   1,127   92.3 %   95.3 % 96.6 % 1,713   1.52 22,963 Avalon at Newton Highlands (10)   Newton, MA   294   341,717   2003   1,162   96.9 %   96.4 % 96.2 % 2,611   2.25 60,052 Avalon at The Pinehills   Plymouth, MA   192   255,240   2004   1,329   92.7 %   95.3 % 97.0 % 2,084   1.57 37,460 Eaves Peabody   Peabody, MA   286   250,624   1962/2004   876   96.9 %   95.8 % 96.0 % 1,538   1.76 35,671 Avalon at Bedford Center   Bedford, MA   139   159,914   2006   1,150   96.4 %   97.4 % 96.4 % 2,113   1.84 25,143 Avalon Chestnut Hill   Chestnut Hill, MA   204   270,956   2007   1,328   98.0 %   97.2 % 96.6 % 3,056   2.30 62,382 Avalon Shrewsbury   Shrewsbury, MA   251   272,805   2007   1,087   95.2 %   94.4 % 96.1 % 1,598   1.47 36,517 Avalon at Lexington Hills   Lexington, MA   387   484,216   2008   1,251   93.0 %   95.9 % 95.8 % 2,452   1.96 88,956 Avalon Acton   Acton, MA   380   375,074   2008   987   94.5 %   95.0 % 96.7 % 1,636   1.66 63,305 Avalon Sharon   Sharon, MA   156   175,389   2008   1,124   99.4 %   94.9 % 97.3 % 1,937   1.72 30,510 Avalon at Center Place (12)   Providence, RI   225   222,835   1991/1997   990   96.9 %   95.2 % 96.1 % 2,679   2.70 37,046 Avalon at Hingham Shipyard   Hingham, MA   235   290,790   2009   1,237   94.0 %   94.1 % 95.3 % 2,469   2.00 54,282 Avalon Northborough   Northborough, MA   382   454,033   2009   1,189   96.6 %   94.2 % 94.5 % 1,778   1.50 60,614 Avalon Blue Hills   Randolph, MA   276   269,990   2009   978   96.4 %   95.3 % 94.7 % 1,563   1.60 45,926 Avalon Cohasset   Cohasset, MA   220   293,272   2012   1,333   93.2 %   93.0 % 94.2 % 2,097   1.57 55,051 Avalon Andover   Andover, MA   115   132,918   2012   1,156   92.1 %   92.8 % 94.4 % 1,926   1.67 26,179 Eaves Burlington   Burlington, MA   203   198,233   1988/2012   977   96.6 %   95.9 % (2) 96.4 % 1,619   1.66 45,330 AVA Back Bay   Boston, MA   271   246,774   1968/1998   911   88.9 %   93.2 % 95.4 % 3,343   3.67 (2) 81,938 Avalon at Prudential Center II   Boston, MA   266   243,315   1968/1998   915   94.4 %   95.0 % 94.9 % 3,475   3.80 76,055 Avalon at Prudential Center I   Boston, MA   243   242,410   1968/1998   998   94.2 %   95.4 % 94.7 % 3,694   3.70 60,145 Avalon Burlington   Burlington, MA   312   315,545   1989/2013   1,011   97.1 %   93.2 % 91.8 % (3) 1,824   1.80 81,743 Avalon Bear Hill   Waltham, MA   324   391,394   1999/2013   1,208   96.0 %   94.2 % 93.4 % (3) 2,529   2.09 129,459 Eaves North Quincy   Quincy, MA   224   157,908   1977/2013   705   95.1 %   96.3 % 95.1 % (3) 1,792   2.54 53,831 Avalon Natick   Natick, MA   407   362,744   2013   891   96.3 %   96.5 % 46.1 % (3) 1,908   2.14 80,230 Avalon Canton at Blue Hills   Canton, MA   196   235,465   2014   1,201   98.0 %   58.8 % (3) N/A (3) 1,847   1.54 (3) 39,753 Avalon Exeter (12)   Andover, MA   187   200,641   2014   1,073   74.7 %   28.0 % (3) N/A (3) 5,611   5.23 (3) 124,430                                               Fairfield-New Haven, CT                                             Eaves Trumbull   Trumbull, CT   340   379,382   1997   1,116   95.0 %   95.6 % 96.0 % 1,786   1.60 39,211 Eaves Stamford   Stamford, CT   238   222,165   1991   933   92.0 %   94.3 % 96.1 % (2) 2,177   2.33 42,697 22 Table of Contents             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   Avalon Wilton I   Wilton, CT   102   158,259   1997   1,552   99.0 %   96.0 % 95.5 % 3,330   2.15 22,621 Avalon on Stamford Harbor   Stamford, CT   323   322,461   2003   998   96.0 %   96.1 % 95.7 % 2,575   2.58 64,497 Avalon New Canaan   New Canaan, CT   104   132,080   2002   1,270   90.4 %   92.8 % 93.7 % 3,287   2.59 25,878 AVA Stamford   Stamford, CT   306   315,380   2002/2002   1,031   96.4 %   95.5 % 95.5 % 2,344   2.27 74,920 Avalon Danbury   Danbury, CT   234   235,320   2005   1,006   96.6 %   96.4 % 95.9 % 1,720   1.71 36,241 Avalon Darien   Darien, CT   189   242,675   2004   1,284   96.3 %   94.7 % 95.8 % 2,841   2.21 43,274 Avalon Milford I   Milford, CT   246   217,077   2004   882   97.2 %   95.5 % 96.0 % 1,605   1.82 32,170 Avalon Huntington   Shelton, CT   99   139,869   2008   1,413   96.9 %   96.7 % 97.3 % 2,306   1.63 25,406 Avalon Norwalk   Norwalk, CT   311   310,629   2011   999   95.5 %   96.3 % 96.7 % 2,065   2.07 74,255 Avalon Wilton II   Wilton, CT   100   128,716   2011   1,287   98.0 %   96.6 % 95.6 % 2,430   1.89 30,368 Avalon Shelton III   Shelton, CT   250   249,190   2013   997   93.6 %   94.5 % 41.8 % (3) 1,702   1.71 48,719 Avalon East Norwalk   Norwalk, CT   240   223,698   2013   932   96.7 %   94.5 % 32.8 % (3) 1,938   2.08 46,520 Avalon at Stratford   Stratford, CT   130   148,136   2014   1,140   95.3 %   48.6 % (3) N/A (3) 1,797   1.58 (3) 29,448                                               METRO NY/NJ                                             New York Suburban, NY                                             Avalon Commons   Smithtown, NY   312   377,240   1997   1,209   95.2 %   96.5 % 96.6 % 2,446   2.02 38,625 Eaves Nanuet   Nanuet, NY   504   608,842   1998   1,208   96.8 %   96.9 % 96.9 % 2,283   1.89 57,991 Avalon Green   Elmsford, NY   105   113,538   1995   1,081   94.2 %   95.2 % (2) 95.5 % 2,478   2.29 (2) 14,020 Avalon Towers   Long Beach, NY   109   124,611   1990/1995   1,143   96.3 %   96.5 % (2) 95.7 % 3,719   3.25 (2) 25,351 Avalon Willow   Mamaroneck, NY   227   216,289   2000   953   96.5 %   95.6 % 96.0 % 2,534   2.66 48,421 Avalon Court   Melville, NY   494   596,874   1997   1,208   95.9 %   96.3 % 96.2 % 2,785   2.31 62,199 The Avalon   Bronxville, NY   110   118,952   1999   1,081   94.5 %   93.6 % 93.2 % (2) 4,519   4.18 39,206 Avalon at Glen Cove (12)   Glen Cove, NY   256   261,425   2004   1,021   94.9 %   96.2 % 96.9 % 2,672   2.62 68,937 Avalon Pines   Coram, NY   450   545,989   2005   1,213   95.6 %   96.9 % 96.8 % 2,226   1.83 72,252 Avalon Glen Cove North (12)   Glen Cove, NY   111   100,754   2007   908   93.7 %   96.1 % 96.5 % 2,546   2.80 40,145 Avalon White Plains   White Plains, NY   407   372,406   2009   915   95.8 %   95.6 % 96.2 % 3,019   3.30 152,790 Avalon Charles Pond   Coram, NY   200   208,532   2009   1,043   95.0 %   96.6 % 96.6 % 1,958   1.88 48,403 Avalon Rockville Centre   Rockville Centre, NY   349   349,048   2012   1,000   96.8 %   96.4 % 96.7 % 2,966   2.97 111,019 Avalon Green II   Elmsford, NY   444   533,544   2012   1,202   96.4 %   94.8 % 95.9 % 2,684   2.23 105,325 Avalon Garden City   Garden City, NY   204   288,443   2013   1,414   95.6 %   97.2 % 95.4 % (3) 3,680   2.60 67,577 Avalon Westbury   Westbury, NY   396   401,496   2006/2013   1,014   95.7 %   96.5 % 96.6 % (3) 2,719   2.68 120,811 Avalon Ossining   Ossining, NY   168   184,137   2014   1,096   97.6 %   61.5 % (3) N/A (3) 2,388   2.18 (3) 36,484 Avalon Huntington Station   Huntington Station, NY   303   364,602   2014   1,203   90.7 %   40.9 % (3) N/A (3) 2,393   1.99 (3) 79,415                                               New Jersey                                             Avalon Cove   Jersey City, NJ   504   574,339   1997   1,140   96.4 %   96.5 % 96.1 % 3,419   3.00 112,242 Avalon Run (9)   Lawrenceville, NJ   632   707,592   1994   1,120   95.9 %   95.3 % 96.1 % 1,597   1.43 80,662 Avalon Princeton Junction   West Windsor, NJ   512   486,069   1988/1993   949   96.7 %   95.9 % 96.7 % 1,719   1.81 48,758 Avalon at Edgewater (15)   Edgewater, NJ   408   428,792   2002   1,051   97.5 %   96.4 % 96.5 % 2,725   2.59 79,070 23 Table of Contents             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   Avalon at Florham Park   Florham Park, NJ   270   330,410   2001   1,224   94.4 %   96.0 % 96.7 % 2,895   2.37 43,732 Avalon at Freehold   Freehold, NJ   296   317,356   2002   1,072   94.9 %   95.8 % 96.7 % 1,904   1.78 35,533 Avalon Run East   Lawrenceville, NJ   312   341,320   2005   1,094   96.8 %   96.0 % 96.5 % 1,945   1.78 53,051 Avalon Lyndhurst   Lyndhurst, NJ   328   330,408   2007   1,007   95.7 %   96.9 % 96.2 % 2,274   2.26 79,078 Avalon at Tinton Falls   Tinton Falls, NJ   216   237,747   2008   1,101   96.3 %   95.7 % 96.4 % 1,908   1.73 41,208 Avalon at West Long Branch   West Long Branch, NJ   180   193,511   2011   1,075   96.7 %   95.9 % 96.8 % 2,051   1.91 25,661 Avalon North Bergen   North Bergen, NJ   164   146,170   2012   891   95.7 %   97.5 % 97.0 % 2,212   2.48 40,513 Avalon at Wesmont Station   Wood-Ridge, NJ   266   242,637   2012   912   96.2 %   96.7 % 95.9 % 2,093   2.29 57,192 Avalon Hackensack at Riverside (12)   Hackensack, NJ   226   228,393   2013   1,011   96.4 %   96.8 % 49.3 % (3) 2,401   2.38 44,530 Avalon Somerset   Somerset, NJ   384   390,365   2013   1,017   95.6 %   95.5 % 51.9 % (3) 1,911   1.88 76,567 Avalon at Wesmont Station II   Wood-Ridge, NJ   140   146,799   2013   1,049   95.7 %   97.2 % 65.8 % (3) 1,992   1.90 23,364 Avalon Bloomingdale   Bloomingdale, NJ   174   176,542   2014   1,015   96.0 %   90.8 % (3) 27.2 % (3) 1,948   1.92 (3) 30,726                                               New York, NY                                             Avalon Riverview I (12)   Long Island City, NY   372   332,991   2002   895   97.8 %   97.6 % 96.8 % 3,534   3.95 98,955 Avalon Bowery Place   New York, NY   206   152,725   2006   741   94.2 %   96.9 % 96.7 % 5,306   7.16 95,576 Avalon Riverview North (12)   Long Island City, NY   602   477,665   2008   793   97.3 %   97.2 % 96.6 % 3,367   4.24 167,212 Avalon Bowery Place II   New York, NY   90   73,596   2007   818   96.7 %   96.9 % 96.5 % 4,969   6.08 57,938 Avalon Morningside Park (12)   New York, NY   295   245,320   2009   832   95.6 %   96.5 % 96.2 % 3,655   4.40 115,197 Avalon Fort Greene   Brooklyn, NY   631   498,651   2010   790   94.8 %   97.0 % 96.0 % 3,241   4.10 302,124 Avalon Midtown West   New York, NY   550   393,480   1998/2013   715   95.5 %   95.2 % 93.4 % (3) 3,985   5.57 346,995 Avalon Clinton North   New York, NY   339   222,862   2008/2013   657   93.8 %   94.0 % 94.6 % (3) 3,265   4.97 196,242 Avalon Clinton South   New York, NY   288   196,798   2007/2013   683   93.8 %   94.3 % 93.7 % (3) 3,298   4.83 166,447                                               MID-ATLANTIC                                             Washington Metro                                             Avalon at Foxhall   Washington, DC   308   297,875   1982/1994   967   92.8 %   92.4 % 94.6 % 2,708   2.80 46,133 Avalon at Gallery Place   Washington, DC   203   184,157   2003   907   96.0 %   95.7 % 96.1 % 2,901   3.20 50,015 Avalon at Fairway Hills (9)   Columbia, MD   720   724,027   1987/1996   1,006   94.6 %   95.4 % 95.9 % (2) 1,552   1.54 59,071 Eaves Washingtonian Center I   North Potomac, MD   192   191,280   1996   996   93.7 %   96.9 % 97.0 % 1,549   1.55 14,944 Eaves Washingtonian Center II   North Potomac, MD   96   99,386   1998   1,035   94.8 %   95.7 % 96.7 % 1,709   1.65 8,465 Eaves Columbia Town Center   Columbia, MD   392   395,860   1986/1993   1,010   97.2 %   96.5 % 96.1 % 1,558   1.54 55,767 Avalon at Grosvenor Station   Bethesda, MD   497   476,687   2004   959   96.6 %   95.4 % 95.2 % 1,956   2.04 84,162 Avalon at Traville   Rockville, MD   520   574,825   2004   1,105   95.8 %   96.2 % 96.8 % 1,928   1.74 70,626 Avalon Russett   Laurel, MD   238   274,663   1999/2013   1,154   97.5 %   96.6 % 95.1 % (3) 1,808   1.57 60,383 Eaves Fair Lakes   Fairfax, VA   420   355,228   1989/1996   846   95.9 %   96.7 % 96.4 % 1,571   1.86 38,742 AVA Ballston   Arlington, VA   344   294,271   1990   855   93.0 %   94.4 % 95.3 % 2,183   2.55 52,585 Eaves Fairfax City   Fairfax, VA   141   148,282   1988/1997   1,052   86.5 %   96.4 % 96.1 % 1,693   1.61 16,449 Avalon Tysons Corner   Tysons Corner, VA   558   613,426   1996   1,099   93.2 %   94.4 % (2) 95.8 % 2,037   1.85 69,354 Avalon at Arlington Square   Arlington, VA   842   895,781   2001   1,064   95.5 %   95.3 % (2) 95.4 % 2,096   1.97 (2) 115,155 24 Table of Contents             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   Avalon Park Crest   Tysons Corner, VA   354   288,231   2013   814   93.8 %   96.3 % 83.7 % (3) 2,085   2.56 77,081 Eaves Fairfax Towers   Falls Church, VA   415   336,051   1978/2011   810   96.6 %   96.4 % 96.4 % 1,741   2.15 94,334 AVA H Street   Washington, DC   138   95,594   2013   693   94.2 %   95.5 % 72.2 % (3) 2,185   3.15 32,707 Avalon First and M   Washington, DC   469   410,812   2012/2013   876   95.3 %   93.1 % 80.6 % (3) 2,779   3.17 200,061 Avalon The Albemarle   Washington, DC   228   254,591   1966/2013   1,117   93.4 %   95.6 % 96.9 % (3) 2,642   2.37 81,316 Eaves Tunlaw Gardens   Washington, DC   166   113,512   1944/2013   684   96.4 %   96.8 % 96.3 % (3) 1,763   2.58 41,357 The Statesman   Washington, DC   281   190,420   1961/2013   678   90.7 %   94.0 % 96.1 % (3) 1,967   2.90 76,945 Eaves Glover Park   Washington, DC   120   104,162   1953/2013   868   95.8 %   95.2 % 96.6 % (3) 2,258   2.60 38,066 AVA Van Ness   Washington, DC   269   225,592   1978/2013   839   95.9 %   94.3 % 94.2 % (3) 2,121   2.53 85,036 Avalon Ballston Place   Arlington, VA   383   333,225   2001/2013   870   95.8 %   94.9 % 95.3 % (3) 2,482   2.85 165,903 Eaves Tysons Corner   Vienna, VA   217   209,940   1980/2013   967   96.3 %   96.4 % 96.8 % (3) 1,786   1.85 64,004 Avalon Ballston Square   Arlington, VA   714   626,170   1992/2013   877   96.2 %   96.0 % 94.8 % (3) 2,334   2.66 297,777 Avalon Courthouse Place   Arlington, VA   564   478,896   1999/2013   849   95.2 %   94.6 % 94.9 % (3) 2,404   2.83 242,713 Avalon Reston Landing   Reston, VA   400   398,192   2000/2013   995   96.8 %   96.4 % 96.5 % (3) 1,792   1.80 114,148 Oakwood Arlington (14)   Arlington, VA   184   154,376   1987/2013   839   N/A   N/A N/A (3) N/A   N/A 59,251 Avalon Mosaic   Merrifield, VA   531   458,198   2014   863   88.5 %   52.0 % (3) 6.5 % (3) 2,030   2.35 (3) 108,564 Avalon Arlington North   Arlington, VA   228   268,618   2014   1,178   97.8 %   55.3 % (3) 0.6 % (3) 2,769   2.35 (3) 80,363                                               PACIFIC NORTHWEST                                             Seattle, WA                                             Avalon Redmond Place   Redmond, WA   222   211,450   1991/1997   952   98.2 %   95.8 % 95.4 % 1,683   1.77 32,805 Avalon at Bear Creek   Redmond, WA   264   288,250   1998/1998   1,092   95.8 %   95.1 % 95.6 % 1,681   1.54 37,854 Avalon Bellevue   Bellevue, WA   201   165,504   2001   823   94.0 %   94.9 % 95.6 % 1,857   2.26 32,468 Avalon RockMeadow   Bothell, WA   206   243,958   2000/2000   1,184   96.6 %   95.4 % 95.5 % 1,497   1.26 26,443 Avalon ParcSquare   Redmond, WA   124   127,251   2000/2000   1,026   94.4 %   94.8 % 95.9 % 1,852   1.80 21,558 Avalon Brandemoor   Lynnwood, WA   424   453,602   2001/2001   1,070   94.3 %   94.8 % 95.9 % 1,389   1.30 46,943 AVA Belltown   Seattle, WA   100   82,418   2001   824   96.0 %   95.5 % 96.1 % 2,019   2.45 19,207 Avalon Meydenbauer   Bellevue, WA   368   331,945   2008   902   97.3 %   96.3 % 96.5 % 1,980   2.19 91,084 Avalon Towers Bellevue (12)   Bellevue, WA   397   331,366   2011   835   99.2 %   95.4 % 95.3 % 2,317   2.78 123,841 AVA Queen Anne   Seattle, WA   203   164,644   2012   811   96.0 %   95.4 % 95.6 % 2,109   2.60 54,046 Avalon Brandemoor II   Lynnwood, WA   82   93,320   2011   1,138   98.8 %   94.2 % 96.3 % 1,603   1.41 13,998 AVA Ballard   Seattle, WA   265   190,043   2013   717   97.3 %   96.2 % 47.9 % (3) 1,808   2.52 63,351 Eaves Redmond Campus   Redmond, WA   422   429,190   1991/2013   1,017   94.5 %   94.4 % 94.4 % (3) 1,844   1.81 115,829 Archstone Redmond Lakeview   Redmond, WA   166   141,000   1987/2013   849   90.4 %   95.9 % 96.0 % (3) 1,543   1.82 38,923 AVA University District   Seattle, WA   283   201,389   2014   712   95.7 %   67.3 % (3) 22.6 % (3) 2,133   3.00 (3) 73,454                                               NORTHERN CALIFORNIA                                             Oakland-East Bay, CA                                             Avalon Fremont   Fremont, CA   308   316,052   1992/1994   1,026   97.7 %   96.9 % 96.3 % 2,218   2.16 59,204 Eaves Dublin   Dublin, CA   204   179,004   1989/1997   877   94.0 %   96.0 % (2) 96.4 % 1,998   2.28 (2) 34,085 25 Table of Contents             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   Eaves Pleasanton   Pleasanton, CA   456   366,062   1988/1994   803   94.5 %   96.2 % 96.5 % 1,960   2.44 79,416 Eaves Union City   Union City, CA   208   150,225   1973/1996   722   97.1 %   96.4 % 96.4 % 1,715   2.37 23,901 Eaves Fremont   Fremont, CA   235   191,935   1985/1994   817   96.6 %   96.1 % 96.4 % 2,055   2.52 42,894 Avalon Union City   Union City, CA   439   429,800   2009   979   96.8 %   96.4 % 96.7 % 1,986   2.03 119,051 Avalon Walnut Creek (12)   Walnut Creek, CA   418   410,218   2010   981   97.6 %   96.3 % 95.8 % 2,532   2.58 147,549 Eaves Walnut Creek   Walnut Creek, CA   510   380,542   1987/2013   746   94.5 %   96.3 % 95.7 % (3) 1,712   2.29 118,292 Avalon Walnut Ridge I   Walnut Creek, CA   106   80,942   2000/2013   764   95.3 %   96.9 % 95.0 % (3) 1,986   2.60 30,588 Avalon Walnut Ridge II   Walnut Creek, CA   360   251,901   1989/2013   700   94.7 %   96.5 % 94.7 % (3) 1,778   2.54 87,530 Avalon Berkeley   Berkeley, CA   94   78,858   2014   839   93.6 %   66.3 % (3) N/A (3) 2,625   3.13 (3) 33,146 Avalon Dublin Station   Dublin, CA   253   247,430   2014   978   82.0 %   63.8 % (3) 0.8 % (3) 2,369   2.42 (3) 78,797                                               San Francisco, CA                                             Eaves Daly City   Daly City, CA   195   141,411   1972/1997   725   95.9 %   96.9 % 96.0 % 2,100   2.90 32,551 AVA Nob Hill   San Francisco, CA   185   108,962   1990/1995   589   96.2 %   95.7 % 97.0 % 2,689   4.57 33,858 Eaves San Rafael   San Rafael, CA   254   221,780   1973/1996   873   97.6 %   97.1 % 97.4 % 2,099   2.40 47,064 Eaves Foster City   Foster City, CA   288   222,364   1973/1994   772   96.2 %   96.5 % 95.2 % 2,248   2.91 50,504 Eaves Pacifica   Pacifica, CA   220   186,800   1971/1995   849   98.2 %   97.6 % 96.9 % 2,053   2.42 33,462 Avalon Sunset Towers   San Francisco, CA   243   171,836   1961/1996   707   96.7 %   95.4 % 95.2 % 2,571   3.64 39,776 Eaves Diamond Heights   San Francisco, CA   154   123,047   1972/1994   799   98.1 %   96.7 % 96.7 % 2,480   3.10 29,646 Avalon at Mission Bay North   San Francisco, CA   250   241,788   2003   967   97.2 %   96.6 % 96.1 % 4,120   4.26 94,963 Avalon at Mission Bay III   San Francisco, CA   260   261,169   2009   1,004   96.9 %   96.2 % 96.2 % 4,127   4.11 147,917 Avalon Ocean Avenue   San Francisco, CA   173   161,083   2012   931   94.8 %   96.1 % 96.5 % 3,265   3.51 58,167 Avalon San Bruno   San Bruno, CA   300   267,171   2004/2013   891   97.3 %   96.1 % 94.9 % (3) 2,471   2.78 112,355 Avalon San Bruno II   San Bruno, CA   185   156,583   2007/2013   846   96.2 %   96.6 % 95.8 % (3) 2,394   2.83 70,389 Avalon San Bruno III   San Bruno, CA   187   232,147   2010/2013   1,241   97.3 %   96.1 % 95.6 % (3) 3,389   2.73 98,562 AVA 55 Ninth   San Francisco, CA   273   236,907   2014   868   96.3 %   56.3 % (3) N/A (3) 3,620   4.17 (3) 116,558                                               San Jose, CA                                             Avalon Campbell   Campbell, CA   348   326,796   1995   939   96.0 %   95.3 % 95.2 % (2) 2,316   2.47 73,089 Eaves San Jose   San Jose, CA   440   387,420   1985/1996   881   97.5 %   96.4 % 96.5 % 2,098   2.38 84,777 Avalon on the Alameda   San Jose, CA   305   299,762   1999   983   96.7 %   96.0 % 96.5 % 2,535   2.58 57,988 Avalon Silicon Valley   Sunnyvale, CA   710   653,929   1998   921   96.5 %   96.0 % (2) 96.2 % 2,503   2.72 (2) 125,273 Avalon Mountain View   Mountain View, CA   248   211,525   1986   853   96.4 %   96.3 % 96.0 % 2,714   3.18 58,659 Eaves Creekside   Mountain View, CA   294   215,680   1962/1997   734   96.9 %   95.2 % (2) 95.9 % (2) 2,211   3.01 (2) 53,793 Avalon at Cahill Park   San Jose, CA   218   218,177   2002   1,001   96.3 %   96.2 % 96.2 % 2,581   2.58 53,798 Avalon Towers on the Peninsula   Mountain View, CA   211   218,392   2002   1,035   97.6 %   96.8 % 96.0 % 3,520   3.40 66,799 Avalon Willow Glen   San Jose, CA   412   382,147   2002/2013   928   95.9 %   95.2 % 95.0 % (3) 2,276   2.45 132,051 Eaves West Valley   San Jose, CA   789   504,813   1970/2013   640   97.1 %   96.6 % 95.0 % (3) 1,738   2.72 211,537 Eaves Mountain View at Middlefield   Mountain View, CA   402   261,600   1969/2013   651   97.5 %   96.1 % 96.0 % (3) 2,253   3.46 137,935 Eaves West Valley II   San Jose, CA   84   71,136   2013   847   98.8 %   93.1 % 26.2 % (3) 2,215   2.62 18,411 26 Table of Contents             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   Avalon Morrison Park   San Jose, CA   250   277,710   2014   1,111   95.2 %   66.8 % (3) 4.0 % (3) 2,741   2.47 (3) 78,174                                               SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA                                             Orange County, CA                                             AVA Newport   Costa Mesa, CA   145   122,415   1956/1996   844   95.9 %   93.3 % 96.0 % 2,043   2.42 15,591 Avalon Mission Viejo   Mission Viejo, CA   166   124,550   1984/1996   750   96.4 %   96.1 % 95.9 % 1,433   1.91 14,557 Eaves South Coast   Costa Mesa, CA   258   207,672   1973/1996   805   95.7 %   95.8 % 95.4 % 1,699   2.11 33,544 Eaves Santa Margarita   Rancho Santa Margarita, CA   301   229,593   1990/1997   763   95.7 %   95.3 % 96.2 % 1,587   2.08 31,765 Eaves Huntington Beach   Huntington Beach, CA   304   268,000   1971/1997   882   95.0 %   95.9 % 96.0 % 1,706   1.94 34,146 Avalon Anaheim Stadium   Anaheim, CA   251   302,480   2009   1,205   98.8 %   95.7 % 96.1 % 2,346   1.95 97,675 Avalon Irvine   Irvine, CA   279   243,157   2010   872   94.2 %   95.9 % 95.0 % 1,919   2.20 77,504 Eaves Lake Forest   Lake Forest, CA   225   215,319   1975/2011   957   98.2 %   94.8 % 96.4 % 1,608   1.68 28,447 Avalon Irvine II   Irvine, CA   179   160,844   2013   899   95.5 %   94.6 % 76.1 % (3) 2,029   2.26 45,264 Eaves Seal Beach   Seal Beach, CA   549   388,244   1971/2013   707   95.1 %   95.8 % 94.7 % (3) 1,848   2.61 151,424                                               San Diego, CA                                             AVA Pacific Beach   San Diego, CA   564   402,285   1969/1997   713   90.7 %   95.7 % (2) 96.5 % 1,615   2.26 (2) 81,429 Eaves Mission Ridge   San Diego, CA   200   207,700   1960/1997   1,039   95.5 %   96.0 % 96.3 % 1,834   1.77 24,897 AVA Cortez Hill (12)   San Diego, CA   299   230,395   1973/1998   771   95.3 %   95.6 % 95.8 % 1,795   2.33 46,366 Avalon Fashion Valley   San Diego, CA   161   183,802   2008   1,142   95.6 %   95.3 % 96.8 % 2,216   1.94 64,889 Eaves San Marcos   San Marcos, CA   184   161,352   1988/2011   877   97.3 %   96.6 % 96.2 % 1,627   1.86 17,522 Eaves Rancho Penasquitos   San Diego, CA   250   191,256   1986/2011   765   95.2 %   95.4 % 96.2 % 1,561   2.04 35,669 Avalon La Jolla Colony   San Diego, CA   180   137,036   1987/2013   761   92.2 %   96.6 % 97.0 % (3) 1,707   2.24 46,553 Eaves La Mesa   La Mesa, CA   168   139,428   1989/2013   830   93.5 %   95.5 % 95.8 % (3) 1,586   1.91 39,307                                               Los Angeles, CA                                             AVA Burbank   Burbank, CA   748   530,160   1961/1997   709   95.3 %   96.0 % (2) 95.1 % (2) 1,723   2.43 (2) 98,663 Avalon Woodland Hills   Woodland Hills, CA   663   594,396   1989/1997   897   95.9 %   96.4 % 96.7 % 1,795   2.00 111,146 Eaves Warner Center   Woodland Hills, CA   227   191,443   1979/1998   843   96.0 %   96.8 % 97.4 % 1,727   2.05 29,335 Avalon at Glendale (12)   Glendale, CA   223   241,714   2003   1,084   96.8 %   97.1 % 95.6 % 2,452   2.26 43,719 Avalon Burbank   Burbank, CA   400   360,587   1988/2002   901   96.5 %   96.8 % 96.3 % 2,378   2.64 94,722 Avalon Camarillo   Camarillo , CA   249   233,273   2006   937   97.2 %   96.8 % 96.1 % 1,792   1.91 48,878 Avalon Wilshire   Los Angeles, CA   123   125,093   2007   1,017   95.1 %   96.9 % 95.1 % 2,961   2.91 47,686 Avalon Encino   Encino, CA   131   131,220   2008   1,002   99.2 %   96.9 % 97.7 % 2,765   2.76 62,257 Avalon Warner Place   Canoga Park, CA   210   186,402   2008   888   96.2 %   96.8 % 97.0 % 1,778   2.00 52,951 Eaves Phillips Ranch   Pomona, CA   501   498,036   1989/2011   994   94.6 %   96.2 % 96.6 % 1,588   1.60 51,782 Eaves San Dimas   San Dimas, CA   102   94,200   1978/2011   924   95.1 %   97.2 % (3) 97.2 % 1,404   1.52 (3) 10,254 Eaves San Dimas Canyon   San Dimas, CA   156   144,669   1981/2011   927   95.5 %   96.6 % 97.1 % 1,517   1.64 15,572 AVA Pasadena   Pasadena, CA   84   70,648   1973/2012   841   98.8 %   94.1 % (2) 87.8 % (2) 2,045   2.43 (2) 25,335 Eaves Cerritos   Artesia, CA   151   106,961   1973/2012   708   96.7 %   97.3 % 95.2 % 1,503   2.12 30,892 27 Table of Contents             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   Avalon Del Rey   Los Angeles, CA   309   283,183   2006/2012   916   94.2 %   96.3 % 96.8 % 2,204   2.40 103,562 Avalon Simi Valley   Simi Valley, CA   500   430,218   2007/2013   860   95.0 %   96.0 % 96.4 % (3) 1,705   1.98 119,792 Avalon Studio City II   Studio City, CA   101   83,936   1991/2013   831   91.1 %   94.9 % 94.0 % (3) 2,004   2.41 28,790 Avalon Studio City III   Studio City, CA   276   263,512   2002/2013   955   93.5 %   93.7 % 94.4 % (3) 2,373   2.49 97,352 Avalon Calabasas   Calabasas, CA   600   506,522   1988/2013   844   96.3 %   95.9 % 95.5 % (3) 1,826   2.16 157,011 Avalon Oak Creek   Agoura Hills, CA   336   364,176   2004/2013   1,084   97.0 %   96.3 % 94.8 % (3) 2,294   2.12 127,791 Avalon Santa Monica on Main   Santa Monica, CA   133   122,460   2007/2013   921   93.2 %   95.9 % (2) 93.8 % (3) 4,127   4.48 (2) 96,129 Avalon Del Mar Station   Pasadena, CA   347   338,390   2006/2013   975   95.4 %   95.6 % 94.3 % (3) 2,286   2.34 130,393 Eaves Old Town Pasadena   Pasadena, CA   96   66,420   1972/2013   692   99.0 %   96.9 % 96.4 % (3) 1,771   2.56 25,669 Eaves Thousand Oaks   Thousand Oaks, CA   154   134,388   1992/2013   873   99.4 %   96.9 % 95.7 % (3) 1,927   2.21 36,214 Eaves Los Feliz   Los Angeles, CA   263   201,830   1989/2013   767   94.7 %   95.6 % 96.0 % (3) 1,789   2.33 65,761 Oakwood Toluca Hills (14)   Los Angeles, CA   1,151   578,668   1973/2013   503   N/A   N/A N/A (3) N/A   N/A 256,639 Eaves Woodland Hills   Woodland Hills, CA   883   578,668   1971/2013   655   96.9 %   97.0 % 95.8 % (3) 1,411   2.15 168,503 Avalon Thousand Oaks Plaza   Thousand Oaks, CA   148   140,464   2002/2013   949   94.6 %   95.8 % 96.5 % (3) 2,019   2.13 37,198 Avalon Pasadena   Pasadena, CA   120   102,516   2004/2013   854   98.3 %   96.1 % 95.1 % (3) 2,435   2.85 43,606 Avalon Studio City   Studio City, CA   450   331,324   1987/2013   736   96.0 %   96.5 % 94.9 % (3) 1,849   2.51 112,467 Avalon San Dimas   San Dimas, CA   156   159,937   2014   1,025   95.5 %   47.7 % N/A (3) 1,794   1.75 39,585 Avalon Mission Oaks   Camarillo, CA   160   157,200   2014   983   95.0 %   100.0 % (3) N/A (3) 1,872   1.91 (3) 47,000                                                Non-Core                                             Archstone Lexington   Flower Mound, TX   222   218,309   2000/2013   983   94.1 %   95.9 % 96.3 % (3) 1,320   1.34 32,309 Archstone Toscano   Houston, TX   474   460,983   2014   973   84.3 %   72.1 % (3) 37.9 % (3) 1,702   1.75 (3) 87,766 Memorial Heights Villages   Houston, TX   318   305,055   2014   959   77.6 %   35.4 % (3) — % (3) 1,703   1.78 (3) 51,771                                               DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITIES                                             Avalon West Chelsea/AVA High Line (12)   New York, NY   710   497,880   N/A   701   82.4 %   47.8 % (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 272,585 Avalon North Station   Boston, MA   503   403,610   N/A   802   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 46,268 Avalon at Assembly Row/AVA Somerville (12)   Somerville, MA   445   382,117   N/A   859   51.5 %   29.5 % (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 129,251 Avalon Framingham   Framingham, MA   180   211,275   N/A   1,174   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 18,335 Avalon West Hollywood   West Hollywood, CA   294   290,701   N/A   989   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 58,128 Avalon Dublin Station II   Dublin, CA   252   243,851   N/A   968   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 43,422 Avalon Wharton   Wharton, NJ   247   245,531   N/A   994   39.8 %   18.3 % (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 48,647 Avalon Green III   New York, NY   68   77,669   N/A   1,142   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 1,447 AVA Little Tokyo   Los Angeles, CA   280   285,220   N/A   1,019   46.4 %   18.9 % (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 105,827 AVA Theater District   Boston, MA   398   329,146   N/A   827   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 133,082 Avalon Marlborough   Boston, MA   350   417,553   N/A   1,193   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 46,903 Avalon Vista   Vista, CA   221   222,814   N/A   1,008   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 36,630 Avalon Bloomfield Station   Bloomfield, NJ   224   211,102   N/A   942   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 29,680 Avalon Willoughby Square/AVA DoBro   Brooklyn, NY   826   239,284   N/A   290   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 266,318 Avalon Alderwood I   Lynnwood, WA   367   352,238   N/A   960   64.2 %   30.1 % (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 66,106 28 Table of Contents             Approx. rentable area (Sq. Ft.)   Year of completion/ acquisition   Average size (Sq. Ft.)   Physical occupancy at 12/31/14   Average economic occupancy   Average rental rate   Financial reporting cost (5)     City and state   Number of homes           2014   2013   $ per Apt (4)   $ per Sq. Ft.   AVA Capitol Hill   Seattle, WA   249   175,707   N/A   706   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 39,870 Avalon Esterra Park   Redmond, WA   482   440,863   N/A   915   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 33,523 Avalon Hayes Valley   San Francisco, CA   182   135,082   N/A   742   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 79,572 Avalon Baker Ranch   Lake Forest, CA   430   425,497   N/A   990   10.1 %   5.7 % (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 110,802 Avalon Irvine III   Irvine, CA   156   151,363   N/A   970   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 26,303 Avalon Huntington Beach   Huntington Beach, CA   378   322,107   N/A   852   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 40,739 Avalon Glendora   Glendora, CA   280   264,753   N/A   946   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 52,146 Avalon Falls Church   Falls Church, VA   384   396,498   N/A   1,033   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 69,631 Avalon Roseland   Roaseland, NJ   136   192,530   N/A   1,416   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 33,143 Avalon Princeton   Princeton, NJ   280   287,078   N/A   1,025   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 35,456 Avalon Union   Union, NJ   202   230,638   N/A   1,142   N/A   N/A (3) N/A (3) N/A   N/A (3) 12,717                                               UNCONSOLIDATED COMMUNITIES (13)                                             Avalon at Mission Bay North II (11)   San Francisco, CA   313   291,655   2006   932   95.2 %   96.1 % 96.5 % 4,025   4.32 N/A Eaves Tustin (6)   Tustin, CA   628   511,992   1972/2010   815   96.8 %   96.3 % 96.0 % 1,536   1.88 N/A Eaves Los Alisos (6)   Lake Forest, CA   140   126,480   1978/2010   903   97.9 %   96.9 % 97.4 % 1,530   1.69 N/A Eaves Carlsbad (6)   Carlsbad, CA   450   340,371   1985/2011   756   94.2 %   96.2 % 96.4 % 1,499   1.98 N/A Eaves Rancho San Diego (6)   El Cajon, CA   676   587,500   1986/2011   869   95.7 %   95.9 % 95.7 % 1,527   1.76 N/A Briarwood Apartments (6)   Owings Mills, MD   348   340,868   1999/2010   980   94.5 %   96.6 % 96.2 % 1,310   1.34 N/A Eaves Gaithersburg (6)   Gaithersburg, MD   684   658,846   1974/2010   963   95.8 %   96.4 % 96.4 % 1,351   1.40 N/A Eaves Rockville (6)   Rockville, MD   210   403,912   1970/2011   1,923   96.7 %   96.6 % 96.9 % 2,213   1.15 N/A Eaves Plainsboro (6)   Plainsboro, NJ   776   553,320   1973/2010   713   95.6 %   95.4 % 96.4 % 1,287   1.81 N/A Captain Parker Arms (6)   Lexington, MA   94   88,680   1965/2011   943   95.7 %   93.8 % 95.8 % 2,189   2.32 N/A Avalon Watchung (6)   Watchung, NJ   334   336,586   2003/2012   1,008   94.6 %   96.2 % 96.3 % 1,991   1.98 N/A Avalon North Point (8)   Cambridge, MA   426   383,537   2008/2013   900   96.0 %   92.0 % 94.0 % 3,310   3.68 N/A Avalon Station 250 (7)   Dedham, MA   285   305,862   2011/2013   1,073   96.1 %   94.7 % 94.9 % 2,092   1.95 N/A Avalon North Point Lofts (8)    Cambridge, MA   103   46,506   2014   452   82.4 %   33.9 % (3) N/A (3) 1,975   4.37 (3) N/A Avalon Kips Bay (7)   New York, NY   209   152,865   1998/2013   731   93.8 %   95.4 % 93.3 % 4,651   6.36 N/A Brandywine (11)   Washington, DC   305   308,050   1954/2013   1,010   N/A   92.4 % 92.0 % 2,418   2.39 N/A Avalon Woodland Park (8)   Herndon, VA   392   393,112   2000/2013   1,003   95.4 %   95.6 % 95.0 % 1,654   1.65 N/A Avalon Grosvenor Tower (7)   North Bethesda, MD   237   230,439   1987/2013   972   95.3 %   94.6 % 94.1 % 2,017   2.07 N/A Eaves Sunnyvale (7)   Sunnyvale, CA   192   204,060   1991/2013   1,063   96.9 %   96.7 % 95.7 % 2,704   2.54 N/A Archstone Boca Town Center (7)   Boca Raton, FL   252   268,200   1988/2013   1,064   93.3 %   94.5 % 95.1 % 1,592   1.50 N/A Avalon Kirkland at Carillon (7)   Kirkland, WA   131   176,160   1990/2013   1,345   98.5 %   94.4 % 95.6 % 2,580   1.92 N/A Avalon Studio 4041 (7)   Studio City, CA   149   120,354   2009/2013   808   97.3 %   96.0 % 94.9 % 2,213   2.74 N/A Avalon Marina Bay (7)(12)   Marina del Rey, CA   205   177,945   1968/2013   868   99.0 %   80.3 % 65.4 % 2,299   2.65 N/A Avalon Venice on Rose (7)   Venice, CA   70   84,508   2012/2013   1,207   92.9 %   95.6 % 93.3 % 4,895   4.05 N/A ____________________________ 1. We own a fee simple interest in the communities listed, excepted as noted below. 29 Table of Contents 2. Represents a community that was under redevelopment during the year, which could result in lower average economic occupancy and average rental rate per square foot for the year. 3. Represents a community that is under construction at the respective year end or that completed development or was purchased during the year, which could result in lower average economic occupancy and average rental rate per square foot for the year. 4. Represents the averages per occupied apartment home. 5. Dollars in thousands. Costs are presented in accordance with GAAP. For current Development Communities, cost represents total costs incurred through  December 31, 2014  without reduction for deprecation. Financial reporting costs are excluded for unconsolidated communities, see Note 6, "Investments in Real Estate Entities." 6. We own a  31.3%  combined general partnership and indirect limited partner equity interest in this community. 7. We own a  28.6%  combined general partnership and indirect limited partner equity interest in this community. 8. We own a  20.0%  combined general partnership and indirect limited partner equity interest in this community. 9. We own a general partnership interest in a partnership that owns a fee simple interest in this community. 10. We own a general partnership interest in a partnership structured as a DownREIT that owns this community. 11. We own a membership interest in a limited liability company that holds a fee simple interest in this community. 12. Community is located on land subject to a land lease. 13. Does not include our indirect interest in the joint venture formed with Equity Residential (as defined in this Form 10-K). 14. Community is master leased to a third party manager. 15. Includes 240 apartment homes which were destroyed and are uninhabitable as a result of the fire at Avalon at Edgewater in January 2015. 30 Table of Contents Development Communities As of  December 31, 2014 , we had  26  Development Communities under construction. We expect these Development Communities, when completed, to add a total of  8,524  apartment homes to our portfolio for a total capitalized cost, including land acquisition costs, of approximately  $3,011,000,000 . In addition, the land for  two  Development Communities that we control under long-term land lease agreements is subject to future minimum rental amounts of approximately  $7,704,000  in  2015  in the aggregate. We cannot assure you that we will meet our schedule for construction completion or that we will meet our budgeted costs, either individually, or in the aggregate. You should carefully review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a discussion of the risks associated with development activity and our discussion under Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" (including the factors identified under "Forward-Looking Statements") for further discussion of development activity. The following table presents a summary of the Development Communities. We hold a direct or indirect fee simple ownership interest in these communities, unless otherwise noted in the table. 31 Table of Contents   Number of apartment homes   Projected total capitalized cost (1) ($ millions)   Construction start   Initial  projected occupancy (2)   Estimated completion   Estimated stabilization (3) 1.   Avalon West Chelsea/AVA High Line (4) New York, NY 710   $ 276.1    Q4 2011     Q4 2013    Q1 2015   Q3 2015 2.   Avalon Assembly Row/AVA Somerville (4) Somerville, MA 445   122.1    Q2 2012     Q2 2014    Q1 2015   Q3 2015 3.   Avalon Alderwood I Lynnwood, WA 367   68.4    Q2 2013     Q2 2014    Q1 2015   Q3 2015 4.   AVA Little Tokyo Los Angeles, CA 280   109.8    Q4 2012     Q3 2014    Q2 2015   Q4 2015 5.   Avalon Wharton Wharton, NJ 247   53.9    Q4 2012     Q3 2014    Q2 2015   Q4 2015 6.   Avalon Baker Ranch Lake Forest, CA 430   132.9    Q4 2013     Q4 2014    Q4 2015   Q2 2016 7.   Avalon Hayes Valley San Francisco, CA 182   90.2    Q3 2013     Q1 2015    Q3 2015   Q1 2016 8.   Avalon Roseland Roseland, NJ 136   46.2    Q1 2014     Q1 2015    Q3 2015   Q1 2016 9.   Avalon Falls Church Falls Church, VA 384   109.8    Q1 2014     Q1 2015    Q1 2016   Q3 2016 10.   Avalon Vista Vista, CA 221   58.3    Q4 2013     Q2 2015    Q4 2015   Q2 2016 11.   Avalon Marlborough Marlborough, MA 350   77.1    Q1 2014     Q2 2015    Q2 2016   Q4 2016 12.   AVA Theater District Boston, MA 398   175.7    Q1 2013     Q2 2015    Q4 2015   Q2 2016 13.   Avalon Willoughby Square/AVA DoBro Brooklyn, NY 826   444.9    Q3 2013     Q3 2015    Q4 2016   Q2 2017 14.   Avalon Bloomfield Station Bloomfield, NJ 224   53.4    Q4 2013     Q2 2015    Q4 2015   Q2 2016 15.   Avalon Glendora Glendora, CA 280   82.5    Q4 2013     Q2 2015    Q1 2016   Q3 2016 16.   AVA Capitol Hill Seattle, WA 249   81.4    Q1 2014     Q4 2015    Q2 2016   Q4 2016 17   Avalon Irvine III Irvine, CA 156   55.0    Q2 2014     Q4 2015    Q1 2016   Q3 2016 18.   Avalon Dublin Station II Dublin, CA 252   83.7    Q2 2014     Q4 2015    Q2 2016   Q4 2016 19.   Avalon Huntington Beach Huntington Beach, CA 378   120.3    Q2 2014     Q3 2016    Q2 2017   Q4 2017 20.   Avalon West Hollywood West Hollywood, CA 294   162.4    Q2 2014     Q3 2016    Q2 2017   Q4 2017 21.   Avalon Framingham Framingham, MA 180   43.9    Q3 2014     Q3 2015    Q2 2016   Q4 2016 22.   Avalon Esterra Park Redmond, WA 482   137.8    Q3 2014     Q2 2016    Q2 2017   Q4 2017 23.   Avalon North Station Boston, MA 503   256.9    Q3 2014     Q4 2016    Q4 2017   Q2 2018 24.   Avalon Green III Elmsford, NY 68   22.1    Q4 2014     Q4 2015    Q2 2016   Q4 2016 25.   Avalon Union Union, NJ 202   50.7    Q4 2014     Q2 2016    Q4 2016   Q1 2017 26.   Avalon Princeton Princeton, NJ 280   95.5    Q4 2014     Q3 2016    Q2 2017   Q4 2017     Total 8,524   $ 3,011.0                 _________________________________ (1) Projected total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs projected to be or actually incurred to develop the respective Development Community, determined in accordance with GAAP, including land acquisition costs, construction costs, real estate taxes, capitalized interest and loan fees, permits, professional fees, allocated development overhead and other regulatory fees.  Projected total capitalized cost for communities identified as having joint venture ownership, either during construction or upon construction completion, represents the total projected joint venture contribution amount. (2) Future initial occupancy dates are estimates.  There can be no assurance that we will pursue to completion any or all of these proposed developments. 32 Table of Contents (3) Stabilized operations is defined as the earlier of (i) attainment of  95%  or greater physical occupancy or (ii) the  one -year anniversary of completion of development. (4) Development community subject to a ground lease. During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , the Company completed the development of the following communities:   Number of apartment homes   Total capitalized  cost (1) ($ millions)   Approximate rentable area  (sq. ft.)   Total capitalized cost per sq. ft.   Quarter of completion 1.   Archstone Toscano Houston, TX 474   $ 87.5   460,983   $ 190   Q1 2014 2.   Avalon Bloomingdale Bloomingdale, NJ 174   31.5   176,542   $ 178   Q1 2014 3.   AVA University District Seattle, WA 283   75.2   201,389   $ 373   Q2 2014 4.   Avalon Morrison Park San Jose, CA 250   79.1   277,710   $ 285   Q2 2014 5.   Avalon Ossining Ossining, NY 168   36.8   184,137   $ 200   Q2 2014 6.   Avalon Arlington North  Arlington, VA 228   82.0   268,618   $ 305   Q3 2014 7.   Avalon Dublin Station Dublin, CA 253   77.7   247,430   $ 314   Q3 2014 8.   AVA 55 Ninth San Francisco, CA 273   121.0   236,907   $ 511   Q3 2014 9.   Avalon Canton at Blue Hills Canton, MA 196   40.9   235,465   $ 174   Q3 2014 10.   Memorial Heights Villages  Houston, TX 318   52.7   305,055   $ 173   Q3 2014 11.   Avalon Berkeley  Berkeley, CA 94   33.7   78,858   $ 427   Q3 2014 12.   Avalon at Stratford Stratford, CT 130   29.7   148,136   $ 200   Q3 2014 13.   Avalon North Point Lofts (2) Cambridge, MA 103   28.0   46,506   $ 602   Q3 2014 14.   Avalon Exeter Boston, MA 187   126.6   200,641   $ 631   Q4 2014 15.   Avalon Mosaic Fairfax, VA 531   110.6   458,198   $ 241   Q4 2014 16.   Avalon Huntington Station Huntington Station, NY 303   81.2   364,602   $ 223   Q4 2014 17.   Avalon San Dimas San Dimas, CA 156   40.1   159,937   $ 251   Q4 2014     Total 4,121   $ 1,134.3             ____________________________________ (1) Total capitalized cost is as of  December 31, 2014 .  The Company generally anticipates incurring additional costs associated with these communities that are customary for new developments. (2) The Company has a  20.0%  ownership interest in this community through the AC JV. 33 Table of Contents Redevelopment Communities As of  December 31, 2014 , there were  eight  communities under redevelopment. We expect the total capitalized cost to redevelop these communities to be  $131,700,000 , excluding costs incurred prior to redevelopment. We have found that the cost to redevelop an existing apartment community is more difficult to budget and estimate than the cost to develop a new community. Accordingly, we expect that actual costs may vary from our budget by a wider range than for a new development community. We cannot assure you that we will meet our schedule for reconstruction completion or for attaining restabilized operations, or that we will meet our budgeted costs, either individually or in the aggregate. We anticipate maintaining or increasing our current level of redevelopment activity related to communities in our current operating portfolio. You should carefully review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a discussion of the risks associated with redevelopment activity. The following presents a summary of these Redevelopment Communities:         Number of apartment homes   Projected total capitalized cost (1) ($ millions)   Reconstruction start   Estimated reconstruction completion   Estimated restabilized operations (2) 1.   AVA Back Bay Boston, MA   271   $ 21.0    Q1 2013     Q1 2015     Q3 2015  2.   AVA Pacific Beach San Diego, CA   564   23.6    Q1 2014    Q1 2016    Q3 2016  3.   Eaves Dublin Dublin, CA   204   9.2    Q2 2014    Q2 2015    Q4 2015  4.   Avalon Green Elmsford, NY   105   6.5    Q4 2014    Q4 2015    Q2 2016  5.   Avalon Santa Monica on Main Santa Monica, CA   133   10.0    Q4 2014    Q4 2015    Q2 2016  6.   Avalon Towers Long Beach, NY   109   10.2    Q4 2014    Q4 2015    Q2 2016  7.   Avalon Silicon Valley Sunnyvale, CA   710   29.9    Q4 2014    Q1 2017    Q3 2017  8.   Avalon at Arlington Square Arlington, VA   842   21.3    Q4 2014    Q2 2016    Q4 2016      Total   2,938   $ 131.7             ____________________________________ (1) Projected total capitalized cost does not include capitalized costs incurred prior to redevelopment. (2) Restabilized operations is defined as the earlier of (i) attainment of 95% or greater physical occupancy or (ii) the one-year anniversary of completion of redevelopment. Development Rights At  December 31, 2014 , we had  $180,516,000  in acquisition and related capitalized costs for land parcels we own, and  $67,029,000  in capitalized costs (including legal fees, design fees and related overhead costs) related to Development Rights for which we control the land parcel, typically through an option to purchase or lease the land. Collectively, the land held for development and associated costs for deferred development rights relate to  37  Development Rights for which we expect to develop new apartment communities in the future. The cumulative capitalized costs for land held for development as of  December 31, 2014  includes  $144,099,000  in original land acquisition costs. The original land acquisition cost per home ranged from  $24,000  per home in  Connecticut  to  $74,000  per home in  New York . The Development Rights range from those beginning design and architectural planning to those that have completed site plans and drawings and can begin construction almost immediately. We estimate that the successful completion of all of these communities would ultimately add approximately  10,384  apartment homes to our portfolio. Substantially all of these apartment homes will offer features like those offered by the communities we currently own. For  24  Development Rights, we control the land through an option to purchase or lease the parcel. While we generally prefer to hold Development Rights through options to acquire land, for the  13  remaining Development Rights we either currently own the land or have executed a long term land lease for the parcel of land on which a community would be built if we proceeded with development. 34 Table of Contents The properties comprising the Development Rights are in different stages of the due diligence and regulatory approval process. The decisions as to which of the Development Rights to invest in, if any, or to continue to pursue once an investment in a Development Right is made, are business judgments that we make after we perform financial, demographic and other analyses. In the event that we do not proceed with a Development Right, we generally would not recover any of the capitalized costs incurred in the pursuit of those communities, unless we were to recover amounts in connection with the sale of land; however, we cannot guarantee a recovery. Pre-development costs incurred in the pursuit of Development Rights, for which future development is not yet considered probable, are expensed as incurred. In addition, if the status of a Development Right changes, making future development no longer probable, any capitalized pre-development costs are charged to expense. During  2014 , we incurred a charge of approximately  $3,964,000  for development pursuits that were not yet probable of future development at the time incurred, or for pursuits that we determined would not likely be developed. You should carefully review Item 1A. "Risk Factors," for a discussion of the risks associated with Development Rights. The following presents a summary of these Development Rights: Location   Number of rights   Estimated number of homes   Projected total capitalized cost ($ millions) (1)               Boston, MA   3   974   $ 240 Fairfield-New Haven, CT    1   160   40 New York City   2   429   401 New York Suburban   4   598   219 New Jersey   13   3,918   963 Baltimore, MD   1   332   73 Washington, DC Metro   6   1,929   509 Seattle, WA   3   772   201 Oakland-East Bay, CA   2   615   282 San Francisco, CA   1   326   168 Riverside-San Bernardino, CA   1   331   91 Total   37   10,384   $ 3,187 ____________________________________ (1) Projected total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs incurred to date (if any) and projected to be incurred to develop the respective community, determined in accordance with GAAP, including land acquisition costs, construction costs, real estate taxes, capitalized interest and loan fees, permits, professional fees, allocated development overhead and other regulatory fees. Land Acquisitions We select land for development and follow established procedures that we believe minimize both the cost and the risks of development. During  2014  we acquired land parcels for  12  Development Rights, as shown in the table below, for an aggregate investment of approximately  $139,685,000 .  35 Table of Contents       Estimated number of apartment homes   Projected total capitalized cost(1) ($ millions)   Date acquired 1.   Avalon Rockville Centre II Rockville Centre, NY 112   $ 42.3   January 2014 2.   Avalon Princeton Princeton, NJ 280   95.5   February 2014 3.   Avalon Sheepshead Bay (2) Brooklyn, NY 167   65.9   April 2014 4.   Avalon Esterra Park Redmond, WA 482   137.8   June 2014 5.   Avalon Chino Hills Chino Hills, CA 331   90.9   July 2014 6.   Avalon Glendora (3) Glendora, CA 24   7.4   July 2014 7.   Avalon Framingham Framingham, MA 180   43.9   August 2014 8.   Avalon Laurel Laurel, MD 344   68.8   September 2014 9.   Avalon Hunt Valley Baltimore, MD 332   73.0   December 2014 10.   Avalon Great Neck Great Neck, NY 191   79.1   December 2014 11.   Avalon Union Union, NJ 202   50.7   December 2014 12.   Avalon Alderwood II Lynnwood, WA 124   26.1   December 2014     Total 2,769   $ 781.4     ____________________________________ (1) Projected total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs incurred to date (if any) and projected to be incurred to develop the respective community, determined in accordance with GAAP, including land and related acquisition costs, construction costs, real estate taxes, capitalized interest and loan fees, permits, professional fees, allocated development overhead and other regulatory fees. (2) Land was acquired through a joint venture in which the Company owns a 70.0% interest. (3) In 2014, we acquired this additional parcel of land for the development of Avalon Glendora, expected to have a total of 280 apartment homes for a projected total capitalized cost of $82.5 million. In January 2015, we acquired land for  $325,000,000  associated with  three  Development Rights located in New York, NY and Bellevue, WA. If developed as expected, the development rights related to this land will contain  910  apartment homes for a projected total capital cost of  $509,717,000 .  Other Land and Real Estate Assets We own land parcels with a carrying value of approximately  $20,941,000 , which we do not currently plan to develop. These parcels consist of (i) land that we originally planned to develop and (ii) ancillary parcels acquired in connection with Development Rights that we had not planned to develop. We believe that the current carrying value for all of these land parcels is such that there is no indication of impaired value, or further need to record a charge for impairment in the case of assets previously impaired. However, we may be subject to the recognition of further charges for impairment in the event that there are indicators of such impairment and we determine that the carrying value of the assets is greater than the current fair value, less costs to dispose. Disposition Activity We (i) sell assets when they do not meet our long-term investment strategy or when capital and real estate markets allow us to realize a portion of the value created over the past business cycle and (ii) redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop, redevelop and acquire communities. Pending such redeployment, we will generally use the proceeds from the sale of these communities to reduce amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility or retain the cash proceeds on our balance sheet until it is redeployed into development or redevelopment activity. On occasion, we will set aside the proceeds from the sale of communities into a cash escrow account to facilitate a tax deferred, like-kind exchange transaction. From January 1, 2014 to  January 31, 2015 , we sold our interest in  five  wholly-owned communities, containing  1,660  apartment homes. The aggregate gross sales price for these assets was  $411,700,000 . 36 Table of Contents Insurance and Risk of Uninsured Losses We carry commercial general liability insurance and property insurance with respect to all of our communities.  These policies, and other insurance policies we carry, have policy specifications, insured and self-insured limits and deductibles that we consider commercially reasonable.  There are, however, certain types of losses (such as losses arising from acts of war) that are not insured, in full or in part, because they are either uninsurable or the cost of insurance makes it, in management’s view, economically impractical.  You should carefully review the discussion under Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K for a discussion of risks associated with an uninsured property or liability loss. Many of our West Coast communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. Many of our communities are near, and thus susceptible to, the major fault lines in California, including the San Andreas Fault and the Hayward Fault.  We cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels.  We have in place with respect to communities located in California and Washington, for any single occurrence and in the aggregate, $150,000,000 of coverage. Earthquake coverage outside of California and Washington is subject to a $175,000,000 limit for each occurrence and in the aggregate. In California the deductible for each occurrence is five percent of the insured value of each damaged building with a maximum of $25,000,000 per loss. Our earthquake insurance outside of California provides for a $100,000 deductible per occurrence except that the next $350,000 of loss per occurrence outside California will be treated as an additional self-insured retention until the total incurred self-insured retention exceeds $1,500,000.  We self-insure a portion of our primary property insurance which includes the earthquake risks.   Just as with office buildings, transportation systems and government buildings, there have been reports that apartment communities could become targets of terrorism.  In December 2007, Congress passed the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (“TRIPRA”) which is designed to make terrorism insurance available through a federal back-stop program. Congress reauthorized TRIPRA in January 2015 for six years. We have also purchased insurance for property damage due to terrorism up to $400,000,000 including insurance for certain terrorist acts, not covered under TRIPRA, such as domestic-based terrorism.  This insurance, often referred to as “non-certified” terrorism insurance, is subject to deductibles, limits and exclusions.  Our general liability policy provides terrorism coverage through TRIPRA (subject to deductibles and insured limits) for liability to third parties that result from terrorist acts at our communities.  An additional consideration for insurance coverage and potential uninsured losses is mold growth.  Mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time.  If a significant mold problem arises at one of our communities, we could be required to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected community and could be exposed to other liabilities.  For further discussion of the risks and the Company’s related prevention and remediation activities, please refer to the discussion under Item 1A. “Risk Factors - We may incur costs due to environmental contamination or non-compliance” elsewhere in this report.  We cannot provide assurance that we will have coverage under our existing policies for property damage or liability to third parties arising as a result of exposure to mold or a claim of exposure to mold at one of our communities. We also carry crime policies (also commonly referred to as a fidelity policy or employee dishonesty policy) that protect the Company, up to $30,000,000 per occurrence, from employee theft of money, securities or property.  This amount may not be sufficient to cover losses that may be in excess of the policy limits.   Edgewater Casualty Loss In January 2015 a fire occurred at our Avalon at Edgewater apartment community located in Edgewater, New Jersey ("Edgewater"). Edgewater consisted of two residential buildings. One building, which contained 240 apartment homes, was destroyed and is uninhabitable. The second building, which contains 168 apartment homes, has been reoccupied and we currently believe it only suffered minimal damage. We are currently assessing our direct losses resulting from the fire, which could vary based on costs and time to rebuild, as well as our liability to third parties who incurred damages on account of the fire. To date, a number of lawsuits on behalf of former residents have been filed against us, including three purported class actions. While we currently believe that our direct losses and liability to third parties will be substantially covered by our insurance policies, including coverage for the replacement cost of the building, third party claims, and business interruption loss, subject to deductibles as well as a self-insured portion of the property insurance for which we are obligated for 12% of the first $50,000,000 in losses, we can give no assurances in this regard and continue to evaluate this matter. 37 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2014, Edgewater was encumbered with a fixed-rate secured mortgage note with an effective interest rate of 5.95%, and an outstanding principal balance of $75,012,000, due in May 2019 (the “Edgewater Mortgage”). The Edgewater Mortgage stipulates that in the event of a casualty loss such as the Edgewater fire, the lender has absolute discretion to determine the disposition of the insurance proceeds, and can compel us (i) to direct the insurance proceeds to be used for the restoration of Edgewater, or (ii) to apply the insurance proceeds to repay the outstanding loan balance, at par.  As of the date of this Form 10-K, we are complying with all lender requirements, and are working with the lender to resolve open issues related to the Edgewater Mortgage. ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS As discussed immediately above, in January 2015 a fire occurred at the Company's Avalon at Edgewater apartment community in Edgewater, NJ.  The Company is aware that third parties including residents suffered significant property damage and other losses, such as relocation costs, associated with the fire, but the Company is not aware of any persons who suffered major personal injury. To date, a number of lawsuits have been filed on behalf of Edgewater residents, including the following three purported class actions:  DeMarco and Bayer et al v. AvalonBay Communities Inc. et al  and  Gutierrez v. AvalonBay Communities, Inc. et al , each filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey; and  Loposky and Kemp et al v. AvalonBay Communities, Inc. et al  filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey Bergen County - Law Division. While the Company currently believes that, subject to applicable deductibles, all of its liability to third parties resulting from the fire will be substantially covered by its insurance policies, the Company can give no assurances in this regard and continues to evaluate this matter. The Company is involved in various other claims and/or administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While no assurances can be given, the Company does not currently believe that any of these other outstanding litigation matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.  ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 38 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol AVB. The following table sets forth the quarterly high and low sales prices per share of our common stock for the years  2014  and  2013 , as reported by the NYSE. On  January 30, 2015  there were  547  holders of record of an aggregate of  132,049,857  shares of our outstanding common stock. The number of holders does not include individuals or entities who beneficially own shares but whose shares are held of record by a broker or clearing agency, but does include each such broker or clearing agency as one record holder.     2014   2013     Sales Price   Dividends declared   Sales Price   Dividends declared     High   Low   High   Low   Quarter ended March 31   $ 132.17   $ 114.16   $ 1.16   $ 139.15   $ 124.02   $ 1.07 Quarter ended June 30   $ 144.51   $ 130.04   $ 1.16   $ 141.46   $ 127.97   $ 1.07 Quarter ended September 30   $ 157.16   $ 139.27   $ 1.16   $ 141.04   $ 122.36   $ 1.07 Quarter ended December 31   $ 170.14   $ 141.00   $ 1.16   $ 134.25   $ 116.86   $ 1.07 At present, we expect to continue our policy of paying regular quarterly cash dividends. However, the form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and other factors as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The Board of Directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time. In January  2015 , we announced that our Board of Directors declared a dividend on our common stock for the first quarter of  2015  of  $1.25  per share, a  7.8%  increase over the previous quarterly dividend per share of  $1.16 . The dividend will be payable on April 15,  2015  to all common stockholders of record as of March 31,  2015 . Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period   (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased(1)   (b) Average Price Paid per Share   (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   (d) Maximum Dollar Amount that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) (2) October 1 - October 31, 2014   —   $ —   —   $ 200,000 November 1 - November 30, 2014   649   $ 156.93   —   $ 200,000 December 1 - December 31, 2014   891   $ 162.24   —   $ 200,000 _________________________________ (1) Reflects shares surrendered to the Company in connection with exercise of stock options as payment of exercise price, as well as for taxes associated with the vesting of restricted share grants. (2) As disclosed in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, represents amounts outstanding under the Company's $500,000,000 Stock Repurchase Program. There is no scheduled expiration date to this program. Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in the section entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters" in this Form 10-K. 39 Table of Contents ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following table provides historical consolidated financial, operating and other data for the Company. You should read the table with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes included in this report (dollars in thousands, except per share information).   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12   12/31/11   12/31/10 Revenue:                   Rental and other income $ 1,674,011   $ 1,451,419   $ 990,370   $ 890,431   $ 800,689 Management, development and other fees 11,050   11,502   10,257   9,656   7,354 Total revenue 1,685,061   1,462,921   1,000,627   900,087   808,043                     Expenses:                   Operating expenses, excluding property taxes 410,672   352,245   259,350   246,872   235,168 Property taxes 178,634   158,774   97,555   88,964   84,319 Interest expense, net 180,618   172,402   136,920   167,814   169,997 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 412   14,921   1,179   1,940   — Loss on interest rate contract —   51,000   —   —   — Depreciation expense 442,682   560,215   243,680   226,728   208,662 General and administrative expense 41,425   39,573   34,101   29,371   27,081 Expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries (3,717 )   45,050   11,350   2,967   2,741 Casualty and impairment loss —   —   1,449   14,052   — Total expenses 1,250,726   1,394,180   785,584   778,708   727,968                     Equity in (loss) income of unconsolidated entities 148,766   (11,154 )   20,914   5,120   762 Gain on sale of land 490   240   280   13,716   — Gain on sale of communities 84,925   —   —   —   — Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated entity —   —   14,194   —   —                     Income from continuing operations before taxes 668,516   57,827   250,431   140,215   80,837 Income tax expense 9,368   —   —   —   (235 )                     Income from continuing operations 659,148   57,827   250,431   140,215   81,072                     Discontinued operations:                   Income from discontinued operations 310   16,713   26,820   20,065   18,933 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 37,869   278,231   146,311   281,090   74,074 Total discontinued operations 38,179   294,944   173,131   301,155   93,007                     Net income 697,327   352,771   423,562   441,370   174,079 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (13,760 )   370   307   252   1,252           Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141 $ 423,869 $ 441,622 $ 175,331                     Per Common Share and Share Information:                                       Earnings per common share—basic:                   Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders (net of dividends attributable to preferred stock) $ 4.93   $ 0.46   $ 2.57   $ 1.55   $ 0.97 Discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders 0.29   2.32   1.77   3.34   1.11 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 5.22   $ 2.78   $ 4.34   $ 4.89   $ 2.08 Weighted average shares outstanding—basic (1) 130,586,718   126,855,754   97,416,401   89,922,465   83,859,936                     Earnings per common share—diluted:                   Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders (net of dividends attributable to preferred stock) $ 4.92   $ 0.46   $ 2.55   $ 1.55   $ 0.97 Discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders 0.29   2.32   1.77   3.32   1.10 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 5.21   $ 2.78   $ 4.32   $ 4.87   $ 2.07 Weighted average shares outstanding—diluted 131,237,502   127,265,903   98,025,152   90,777,462   84,632,869 Cash dividends declared $ 4.64   $ 4.28   $ 3.88   $ 3.57   $ 3.57 _________________________________ (1) Amounts do not include unvested restricted shares included in the calculation of Earnings per Share. Please refer to Note 1, "Organization and Basis of Presentation—Earnings per Common Share," of the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this report for a discussion of the calculation of Earnings per Share. 40 Table of Contents   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12   12/31/11   12/31/10 Other Information:                   Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141   $ 423,869   $ 441,622   $ 175,331 Depreciation—continuing operations 442,682   560,215   243,680   226,728   208,662 Depreciation—discontinued operations —   13,500   16,414   23,541   24,280 Interest expense, net—continuing operations (1) 181,030   238,323   138,099   169,754   169,997 Interest expense, net—discontinued operations (1) —   —   735   8,688   5,212 Income tax expense 9,368   —   —   —   (235 ) EBITDA (2) $ 1,316,647   $ 1,165,179   $ 822,797   $ 870,333   $ 583,247                     Funds from Operations (3) $ 951,035   $ 642,814   $ 521,047   $ 414,482   $ 338,353 Number of Current Communities (4) 251   244   180   181   172 Number of apartment homes 73,963   72,811   52,792   53,294   51,245                     Balance Sheet Information:                   Real estate, before accumulated depreciation $ 17,849,316   $ 16,800,321   $ 10,049,484   $ 9,288,496   $ 8,661,211 Total assets $ 16,176,723   $ 15,328,143   $ 11,160,078   $ 8,482,390   $ 7,821,488 Notes payable and unsecured credit facilities $ 6,525,852   $ 6,145,391   $ 3,851,033   $ 3,632,296   $ 4,067,657                     Cash Flow Information:                   Net cash flows provided by operating activities $ 886,641   $ 724,315   $ 540,819   $ 429,354   $ 332,106 Net cash flows used in investing activities $ (816,760 )   $ (1,181,174 )   $ (623,386 )   $ (443,141 )   $ (298,936 ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities $ 158,224   $ (1,995,404 )   $ 2,199,332   $ 326,233   $ 167,565 _________________________________ Notes to Selected Financial Data (1) Interest expense, net includes any loss or gain incurred from the extinguishment of debt. (2) EBITDA is defined as net income before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization from both continuing and discontinued operations. Under this definition, EBITDA includes gains on sale of assets and gain on sale of partnership interests. Management generally considers EBITDA to be an appropriate supplemental measure to net income of our operating performance because it helps investors to understand our ability to incur and service debt and to make capital expenditures. EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income (as determined in accordance with GAAP), as an indicator of our operating performance, or to cash flows from operating activities (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of liquidity. Our calculation of EBITDA may not be comparable to EBITDA as calculated by other companies. (3) We generally consider Funds from Operations, or "FFO," as defined below, to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our operating and financial performance because, by excluding gains or losses related to dispositions of previously depreciated property and excluding real estate depreciation, which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, FFO can help one compare the operating performance of a real estate company between periods or as compared to different companies. We believe that in order to understand our operating results, FFO should be examined with net income as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income included elsewhere in this report. Consistent with the definition adopted by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts® ("NAREIT"), we calculate FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for: • gains or losses on sales of previously depreciated operating communities; • extraordinary gains or losses (as defined by GAAP); • cumulative effect of change in accounting principle; • impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate assets; 41 Table of Contents • write-downs of investments in affiliates due to a decrease in the value of depreciable real estate assets held by those affiliates; • depreciation of real estate assets; and • adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. FFO does not represent net income in accordance with GAAP, and therefore it should not be considered an alternative to net income, which remains the primary measure, as an indication of our performance. In addition, FFO as calculated by other REITs may not be comparable to our calculation of FFO. FFO also does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net cash flows from operating activities, as determined by GAAP, as a measure of liquidity. Additionally, it is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. A presentation of GAAP based cash flow metrics is provided in "Cash Flow Information" in the table on the previous page. The following is a reconciliation of net income to FFO (dollars in thousands, except per share data).   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12   12/31/11   12/31/10 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141   $ 423,869   $ 441,622   $ 175,331 Depreciation—real estate assets, including discontinued operations and joint venture adjustments 449,769   582,325   265,627   256,986   237,041 Distributions to noncontrolling interests, including discontinued operations 35   32   28   27   55 Gain on sale of unconsolidated entities holding previously depreciated real estate assets (73,674 )   (14,453 )   (7,972 )   (3,063 )   — Gain on sale of previously depreciated real estate assets (1) (108,662 )   (278,231 )   (146,311 )   (281,090 )   (74,074 ) Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated real estate entity —   —   (14,194 )   —   — FFO attributable to common stockholders $ 951,035   $ 642,814   $ 521,047   $ 414,482   $ 338,353                     Weighted average shares outstanding—diluted 131,237,502   127,265,903   98,025,152   90,777,462   84,632,869 FFO per common share—diluted $ 7.25   $ 5.05   $ 5.32   $ 4.57   $ 4.00 _________________________________      (1)  Amount for 2014 excludes a gain of $14,132, representing our joint venture partners' portion of the gain on sale from a Fund I community which we consolidated for financial reporting purposes. (4) Current Communities consist of all communities other than those which are still under construction and for which a certificate or certificates of occupancy for the entire community have not been received 42 Table of Contents ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD&A") is intended to help provide an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. This report, including the following MD&A, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events or trends that should be read in conjunction with the factors described under "Forward-Looking Statements" included in this report. Actual results or developments could differ materially from those projected in such statements as a result of the factors described under "Forward-Looking Statements" as well as the risk factors described in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of this report. Capitalized terms used without definition have the meanings provided elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Executive Overview Business Description We develop, redevelop, acquire, own and operate multifamily apartment communities primarily in New England, the New York/New Jersey metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California.   We believe that apartment communities are an attractive long-term investment opportunity compared to other real estate investments, because a broad potential resident base should help reduce demand volatility over a real estate cycle, and shorter lease terms allow for a better ability to take advantage of inflationary environments.  We focus on leading metropolitan areas that we believe are characterized by growing employment in high wage sectors of the economy, lower housing affordability and a diverse and vibrant quality of life.  We believe these market characteristics offer the opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns on apartment community investment relative to other markets. We seek to create long-term shareholder value by accessing capital on cost effective terms; deploying that capital to develop, redevelop and acquire apartment communities in our selected markets; operating apartment communities; and selling communities when they no longer meet our long-term investment strategy or when pricing is attractive.  Our strategy is to be leaders in market research and capital allocation, delivering a range of multifamily offerings tailored to serve the needs of the most attractive customer segments in the best-performing submarkets of the United States. Our communities are predominately upscale and generally command among the highest rents in their markets. However, we also pursue the ownership and operation of apartment communities that target a variety of customer segments and price points, consistent with our goal of offering a broad range of products and services. Financial Highlights For the year ended  December 31, 2014 , net income attributable to common stockholders was  $683,567,000 , an increase of  $330,426,000 , or  93.6% , over the prior year. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in income from unconsolidated real estate entities resulting from the gains on sales of communities in various ventures, including the Company’s promoted interests, increased NOI from newly developed and acquired communities, losses on an interest rate contract in the prior year not present in 2014, a decrease in expensed acquisition costs related to the Archstone Acquisition, and a decrease in depreciation expense related to in-place leases acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. For the year ended  December 31, 2014 , Established Communities NOI increased by  $22,961,000 , or  3.5% , over the prior year. The increase was driven by an increase in rental revenue of  3.9% , partially offset by an increase in operating expenses of  4.9%  over  2013 . For purposes of the discussion in the MD&A, our Established Communities include those communities which we owned and had stabilized occupancy as of January 1, 2013, and therefore does not include communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. During  2014 , we raised approximately  $1,154,220,000  of gross capital through the issuance of common equity and unsecured notes, borrowing on the Term Loan and asset sales, exclusive of proceeds from the disposition of joint ventures. The funds raised from asset sales consist of the proceeds from the sale of  four  communities and  one  parcel of land for gross sales proceeds of  $304,250,000 . In addition, in January 2015 we sold one community, Avalon on Stamford Harbor, located in Stamford, CT, for  $115,500,000 . We believe that our current capital structure will continue to provide financial flexibility to access capital on attractive terms. We believe our development activity will continue to create long-term value. We increased development activity during  2014  from the prior year in anticipation of continued favorable economic conditions and apartment fundamentals. During  2014 , we completed the development of  17  communities for an aggregate total capitalized cost of  $1,134,300,000 . We also started the development of  14  communities, which are expected to be completed for an estimated total capitalized cost of  $1,342,800,000 . In addition, during  2014  we completed the redevelopment of  five  communities for a total investment of  $53,000,000 , excluding costs incurred prior to the redevelopment. 43 Table of Contents We believe that our balance sheet strength, as measured by our current level of indebtedness, our current ability to service interest and other fixed charges, and our current moderate use of financial encumbrances (such as secured financing) provide us with adequate access to liquidity from the capital markets and financial flexibility. We expect to be able to meet our reasonably foreseeable liquidity needs, as they arise, through a combination of one or more of the following sources: operating cash flows; borrowings under our Credit Facility and Term Loan; secured debt; the issuance of corporate securities (which could include unsecured debt, preferred equity and/or common equity, including common equity issued pursuant to the Forward); the sale of apartment communities; or through the formation of joint ventures. See the discussion under  Liquidity and Capital Resources. During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , we acquired Avalon Mission Oaks, located in Camarillo, CA. Avalon Mission Oaks contains  160  apartment homes and was acquired for a purchase price of  $47,000,000 . During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , we sold  four  communities, containing an aggregate of  1,337  apartment homes for an aggregate gross sales price of  $296,200,000  and an aggregate gain in accordance with GAAP of  $106,138,000 . During  2014 , we also sold a land parcel in Huntington Station, NY for  $8,050,000 , resulting in a gain in accordance with GAAP of  $490,000 . During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , three of the Company's joint ventures, excluding the Residual JV, sold operating communities.  • CVP I, LLC, the entity that owned Avalon Chrystie Place, located in New York, NY containing 361 apartment homes and approximately 71,000 square feet of retail space, sold the community for  $365,000,000 .  We own a 20.0% interest in the entity, and our share of the gain in accordance with GAAP for the disposition was  $50,478,000 .  In addition, we received  $58,128,000  for our promoted interest in CVP I, LLC. • Fund I sold its final  four  communities, containing an aggregate of  724  homes for an aggregate gross sales price of  $125,000,000 . Our share of the aggregate total gain in accordance with GAAP was  $3,317,000 .  • Fund II sold  two  communities containing an aggregate of  711  apartment homes for an aggregate sales price of  $166,950,000 . Our share of the total gain in accordance with GAAP was  $21,624,000 . In conjunction with the disposition of these communities, the respective ventures repaid  $224,178,000  of related secured indebtedness in advance of the scheduled maturity dates. This resulted in charges for prepayment penalties and a write off of deferred financing costs, of which the Company’s portion was approximately  $2,339,000 , and was reported as a reduction of equity in income of unconsolidated real estate entities.  Edgewater Casualty Loss As discussed under Item 2. "Communities — Insurance and Risk of Uninsured Losses — Edgewater Casualty Loss," in January 2015 a fire occurred at Edgewater. The Company is currently assessing its direct losses resulting from the fire, which could vary based on costs and time to rebuild, as well its liability to third parties who incurred damages on account of the fire. Communities Overview As of  December 31, 2014 , excluding indirect interests associated with the Residual JV, we owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in  277  apartment communities containing  82,487  apartment homes in  11  states and the District of Columbia, of which  26  communities were under construction and  eight  communities were under reconstruction. Of these communities,  24  were owned by entities that were not consolidated for financial reporting purposes, including  10  owned by subsidiaries of Fund II and  nine  owned by the U.S. Fund. In addition, we owned a direct or indirect ownership interest in Development Rights to develop an additional  37  wholly-owned communities that, if developed as expected, will contain an estimated  10,384  apartment homes. Our real estate investments consist primarily of current operating apartment communities, Development Communities and Development Rights. Our current operating communities are further distinguished as Established Communities, Other Stabilized Communities, Lease-Up Communities and Redevelopment Communities. Established Communities are generally operating communities that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes and were owned and had stabilized occupancy and operating expenses as of the beginning of the prior year, which allows the performance of these communities to be compared between years. Other Stabilized Communities are generally all other consolidated operating communities that have stabilized occupancy and operating expenses during the current year, but had not achieved stabilization as of the beginning of the prior year. Lease-Up Communities consist of communities where construction is complete but stabilization has not been achieved. Redevelopment Communities consist of communities where substantial redevelopment is in progress or is planned to begin during the current year. A more detailed description of our reportable segments and other related operating information can be found in Note 9, "Segment Reporting," of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 44 Table of Contents Although each of these categories is important to our business, we generally evaluate overall operating, industry and market trends based on the operating results of Established Communities, for which a detailed discussion can be found in "Results of Operations" as part of our discussion of overall operating results. We evaluate our current and future cash needs and future operating potential based on acquisition, disposition, development, redevelopment and financing activities within Other Stabilized, Redevelopment and Development Communities. Discussions related to current and future cash needs and financing activities can be found in "Liquidity and Capital Resources." NOI of our current operating communities is one of the financial measures that we use to evaluate community performance. NOI is affected by the demand and supply dynamics within our markets, our rental rates and occupancy levels and our ability to control operating costs. Our overall financial performance is also impacted by the general availability and cost of capital and the performance of newly developed, redeveloped and acquired apartment communities. 45 Table of Contents Results of Operations Our year-over-year operating performance is primarily affected by both overall and individual geographic market conditions and apartment fundamentals and reflected in changes in NOI of our Established Communities; NOI derived from acquisitions and development completions; the loss of NOI related to disposed communities; and capital market and financing activity. A comparison of our operating results for  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  follows (dollars in thousands):   2014   2013   $ Change   % Change   2013   2012   $ Change   % Change Revenue:                               Rental and other income $ 1,674,011   $ 1,451,419   $ 222,592   15.3  %   $ 1,451,419   $ 990,370   $ 461,049   46.6  %    Management, development and other fees 11,050   11,502   $ (452 )   (3.9 )%   11,502   10,257   1,245   12.1  % Total revenue 1,685,061   1,462,921   222,140   15.2  %   1,462,921   1,000,627   462,294   46.2  %                                 Expenses:                               Direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes 345,846   295,150   50,696   17.2  %   295,150   211,086   84,064   39.8  % Property taxes 178,634   158,774   19,860   12.5  %   158,774   97,555   61,219   62.8  % Total community operating expenses 524,480   453,924   70,556   15.5  %   453,924   308,641   145,283   47.1  %                                 Corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses 60,341   53,105   7,236   13.6  %   53,105   42,193   10,912   25.9  % Investments and investment management expense 4,485   3,990   495   12.4  %   3,990   6,071   (2,081 )   (34.3 )% Expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries (3,717 )   45,050   (48,767 )   N/A (1)   45,050   11,350   33,700   296.9  % Interest expense, net 180,618   172,402   8,216   4.8  %   172,402   136,920   35,482   25.9  % Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 412   14,921   (14,509 )   (97.2 )%   14,921   1,179   13,742   1,165.6  % Loss on interest rate contract  —   51,000   (51,000 )   (100.0 )%   51,000   —   51,000   100.0  % Depreciation expense 442,682   560,215   (117,533 )   (21.0 )%   560,215   243,680   316,535   129.9  % General and administrative expense 41,425   39,573   1,852   4.7  %   39,573   34,101   5,472   16.0  % Casualty and impairment loss —   —   —   —  %   —   1,449   (1,449 )   (100.0 )% Total other expenses 726,246   940,256   (214,010 )   (22.8 )%   940,256   476,943   463,313   97.1  %                                 Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities 148,766   (11,154 )   159,920   N/A (1)   (11,154 )   20,914   (32,068 )   N/A (1) Gain on sale of land 490   240   250   104.2  %   240   280   (40 )   (14.3 )%    Gain on sale of communities 84,925   —   84,925   100.0  %   —   —   —   —  %    Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated         real estate entity —   —   —   —  %   —   14,194   (14,194 )   (100.0 )% Income from continuing operations before taxes 668,516   57,827   610,689   1,056.1  %   57,827   250,431   (192,604 )   (76.9 )% Income tax expense 9,368   —   9,368   100.0  %   —   —   —   —  %                                 Income from continuing operations 659,148   57,827   601,321   1,039.9  %   57,827   250,431   (192,604 )   (76.9 )%                                 Discontinued operations:                               Income from discontinued operations 310   16,713   (16,403 )   (98.1 )%   16,713   26,820   (10,107 )   (37.7 )% Gain on sale of communities 37,869   278,231   (240,362 )   (86.4 )%   278,231   146,311   131,920   90.2  % Total discontinued operations 38,179   294,944   (256,765 )   (87.1 )%   294,944   173,131   121,813   70.4  %                                 Net income  697,327   352,771   344,556   97.7  %   352,771   423,562   (70,791 )   (16.7 )%                                 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (13,760 )   370   (14,130 )   N/A (1)   370   307   63   20.5  %                                 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141   $ 330,426   93.6  %   $ 353,141   $ 423,869   $ (70,728 )   (16.7 )% _________________________________ (1)  Percentage change is not meaningful. 46 Table of Contents Net income attributable to common stockholders  increased  $330,426,000 , or  93.6% , to  $683,567,000  in  2014  primarily due to an increase in income from unconsolidated real estate entities resulting from the gains on sales of communities in various ventures, including the Company’s promoted interests, increased NOI from newly developed and acquired communities, losses on an interest rate contract in the prior year not present in 2014, a decrease in expensed acquisition costs related to the Archstone Acquisition and a decrease in depreciation expense related to in-place leases acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. Net income attributable to common stockholders decreased  $70,728,000 , or  16.7% , in  2013  from  2012  primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense and expensed transaction costs associated with the Archstone Acquisition, coupled with the recognition of losses on an interest rate contract. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in NOI from communities acquired in the Archstone Acquisition and our existing and newly developed communities in 2013, as well as an increase in gain on sale of communities as compared to the prior year.  NOI  is considered by management to be an important and appropriate supplemental performance measure to net income because it helps both investors and management to understand the core operations of a community or communities prior to the allocation of any corporate-level or financing-related costs.  NOI reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easy comparison of the operating performance of individual assets or groups of assets.  In addition, because prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impacts to overhead as a result of acquiring real estate, NOI is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. We define NOI as total property revenue less direct property operating expenses, including property taxes, and excluding corporate-level income (including management, development and other fees), corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses, investments and investment management expenses, expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net interest expense, gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, general and administrative expense, joint venture income (loss), depreciation expense, casualty loss, impairment loss on land holdings, gain on sale of real estate assets, income from discontinued operations and net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations. NOI does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. Therefore, NOI should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance. NOI should also not be considered an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities, as determined by GAAP, as a measure of liquidity, nor is NOI indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. Reconciliations of NOI for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  to net income for each year are as follows (dollars in thousands):   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Net income $ 697,327   $ 352,771   $ 423,562 Indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income 49,055   41,554   31,911 Investments and investment management expense 4,485   3,990   6,071 Expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries (3,717 )   45,050   11,350 Interest expense, net (1) 180,618   172,402   136,920 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 412   14,921   1,179 Loss on interest rate contract —   51,000   — General and administrative expense 41,425   39,573   34,101 Equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated real estate entities (148,766 )   11,154   (20,914 ) Depreciation expense (1) 442,682   560,215   243,680 Income tax expense 9,368   —   — Casualty and impairment loss  —   —   1,449 Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated real estate entity —   —   (14,194 ) Gain on sale of real estate assets (85,415 )   (240 )   (280 ) Gain on sale of discontinued operations (37,869 )   (278,231 )   (146,311 ) Income from discontinued operations (310 )   (16,713 )   (26,820 ) Net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations  (15,199 )   (19,448 )   (13,776 )         Net operating income $ 1,134,096   $ 977,998 $ 667,928 _________________________________ (1)  Includes amounts associated with assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations. 47 Table of Contents The NOI increases for both  2014  and  2013 , as compared to the prior year, consist of changes in the following categories (dollars in thousands):   Full Year   2014   2013 Established Communities $ 22,961   $ 26,417 Other Stabilized Communities 74,307   248,545 Development and Redevelopment Communities 58,830   35,108 Total $ 156,098   $ 310,070 The increase in our Established Communities' NOI in  2014  is due to increased rental rates, partially offset by decreased economic occupancy and increased operating expenses. The increase in  2013  is due to increased rental rates and increased economic occupancy, partially offset by increased operating expenses. Rental and other income  increased in both  2014  and  2013  as compared to the prior years due to additional rental income generated from newly developed and acquired communities, including those acquired in the Archstone Acquisition in 2013, and an increase in rental rates and economic occupancy, in 2013, at our Established Communities. Overall Portfolio—The weighted average number of occupied apartment homes for consolidated communities increased to  61,686  apartment homes for  2014 , as compared to  57,240  homes for  2013  and  43,411  homes for  2012 . The weighted average monthly revenue per occupied apartment home increased to  $2,254  for  2014  as compared to  $2,171  in  2013  and  $2,017  in  2012 . Established Communities—Rental revenue increased  $36,096,000 , or  3.9% , to  $963,917,000  for 2014 from  $927,821,000  in the prior year. The increase is due to an increase in average rental rates of  4.0%  to  $2,273  per apartment home, partially offset by a decrease in economic occupancy of  0.1%  to  96.0% . Rental revenue increased  $34,749,000 , or  4.3% , for  2013 , as compared to the prior year. Economic occupancy takes into account the fact that apartment homes of different sizes and locations within a community have different economic impacts on a community's gross revenue. Economic occupancy is defined as gross potential revenue less vacancy loss, as a percentage of gross potential revenue. Gross potential revenue is determined by valuing occupied homes at leased rates and vacant homes at market rents. We experienced increases in rental revenue for all of our Established Communities regions, except the Mid-Atlantic, in  2014  as compared to the prior year, as discussed in more detail below. The Metro New York/New Jersey region, which accounted for approximately  33.0%  of the Established Community rental revenue for  2014 , experienced an increase in rental revenue of  3.4%  for  2014  as compared to  2013 , as a result of an increase in average rental rates to  $2,680  per apartment home. Economic occupancy remained consistent at  96.4%  for  2014  as compared to  2013 . Apartment demand in the Metro New York/New Jersey region is being driven by job growth across a diverse group of industries including healthcare, professional business services, technology, retail, hospitality and education. We expect to see continued growth in the Metro New York/New Jersey region in 2015. New York City is beginning to see a larger pipeline of new apartment deliveries, but suburban markets surrounding the city are more insulated from this new competition. The New England region accounted for approximately  18.6%  of the Established Community rental revenue for  2014  and experienced a rental revenue increase of  2.5%  over the prior year. Average rental rates increased  2.9%  to  $2,189  per apartment home, and were partially offset by a  0.4%  decrease in economic occupancy to  95.3%  for  2014  as compared to  2013 . Accelerating employment growth in the medical, education and technology fields is supporting apartment demand in the Boston metro area.  The Fairfield market continues to experience moderate economic growth due to the area’s greater exposure to the financial services sector, which has experienced slower job growth during this recovery than other industries.  The Northern California region accounted for approximately  18.1%  of the Established Community rental revenue for  2014  and experienced a rental revenue increase of  7.7%  over the prior year. Average rental rates increased  7.6%  to  $2,524  per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased  0.1%  to  96.3%  for  2014  as compared to  2013 . While new apartment supply may slow revenue growth in future periods, we expect the strength in the technology industry to continue to fuel demand for apartment homes in 2015. 48 Table of Contents The Southern California region accounted for approximately  14.5%  of the Established Community rental revenue for  2014  and experienced a rental revenue increase of  4.6%  over the prior year. Average rental rates increased  4.7%  to  $1,873  per apartment home, and were partially offset by a  0.1%  decrease in economic occupancy to  96.2%  for  2014  as compared to  2013 . Southern California has seen steady job growth and limited new apartment supply, which we expect will continue to support favorable operating results in 2015. The Mid-Atlantic region, which represented approximately  10.2%  of the Established Community rental revenue during  2014 , experienced a decrease in rental revenue of  0.5%  as compared to  2013 . Average rental rates decreased by  0.2%  to  $1,969  per apartment home, and economic occupancy decreased  0.3%  to  95.5%  for  2014  as compared to  2013 . A combination of elevated levels of new apartment deliveries and job growth slightly below the expected national average are expected to challenge the region’s apartment fundamentals for 2015. The Pacific Northwest region accounted for approximately  5.6%  of the Established Community rental revenue for  2014  and experienced a rental revenue increase of  5.9%  over the prior year. Average rental rates increased  6.2%  to  $1,824 , and were partially offset by a decrease in economic occupancy of  0.3%  to  95.4%  for  2014  as compared to  2013 . The region’s on-line retail, technology and manufacturing sectors continue to support growth in the economy and apartment fundamentals. Rental revenue growth may be tempered in 2015 by the delivery of new apartment homes, particularly in the urban core of Seattle. Management, development and other fees  decreased  $452,000  or  3.9% , in  2014  and increased  $1,245,000 , or  12.1% , in  2013 , as compared to the prior years. The decrease in 2014 was primarily due to lower property and asset management fees earned as a result of dispositions from Fund I and Fund II, partially offset by increased property and asset management fees related to the Archstone Acquisition and related private real estate investment management funds (the U.S. Fund and the AC JV). The increase in 2013 was primarily due to increased property and asset management fees related to the Archstone Acquisition and related private real estate investment management funds (the U.S. Fund and the AC JV), partially offset by lower property and asset management fees earned as a result of dispositions from Fund I and Fund II. Direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes  increased  $50,696,000 , or  17.2% , and  $84,064,000 , or  39.8% , in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. The increases in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment homes, including the communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition in February 2013.  For Established Communities, direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes, increased  $7,475,000 , or  4.0% , and  $4,374,000 , or  2.6% , in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. The increases in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to increased repairs and maintenance, utilities and payroll costs. Property taxes  increased  $19,860,000 , or  12.5% , and  $61,219,000 , or  62.8% , in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. The increases in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the net impact of the communities acquired in the Archstone Acquisition as well as the addition of newly developed apartment communities, coupled with increased tax rates and assessments across our portfolio. The increase in 2014 was partially offset by reductions in expected supplemental billings related to communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition.  For Established Communities, property taxes increased  $6,206,000 , or  6.7% , and  $4,282,000 , or  5.4% , in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to higher rates and assessments, as well as refunds received in the prior year in excess of the current year period.  The increase in 2013 was primarily due to higher rates and assessments, partially offset by higher successful appeals and refunds received in 2013, as compared to the prior year. For communities in California, property tax changes are determined by the change in the California Consumer Price Index, with increases limited by law (Proposition 13). Massachusetts also has laws that limit property tax increases. We evaluate property tax increases internally and also engage third-party consultants to assist in our evaluations. We appeal property tax increases when appropriate. Corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses  increased  $7,236,000 , or  13.6% , and  $10,912,000 , or  25.9% , in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to an increase in compensation related costs, coupled with increased activities related to re-branding and corporate initiatives, as well as increases associated with the Archstone Acquisition. The increase in 2013 was primarily due to increased compensation related costs, as well as the increase in corporate-level personnel and expenses associated with the Archstone Acquisition.  Investments and investment management  costs increased  $495,000 , or  12.4% , in  2014  and decreased by  $2,081,000 , or  34.3% , in  2013  as compared to the prior years. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to increases in compensation costs, partially offset by a decline in our investment fund management activity. The decrease in 2013 was primarily due to reductions in compensation costs related to the relative decrease in our investment fund management activity. 49 Table of Contents Expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries  primarily reflect the costs incurred related to our asset investment activity, abandoned pursuit costs, which include costs incurred for development pursuits not yet considered probable for development, as well as the abandonment of Development Rights, acquisition pursuits and disposition pursuits, offset by any recoveries associated with acquisitions for periods prior to our ownership. These costs can be volatile, particularly in periods of increased acquisition activity, periods of economic downturn or when there is limited access to capital, and the costs may vary significantly from period to period. These costs decreased  $48,767,000 , in  2014  and increased  $33,700,000 , or  296.9% , in  2013 , as compared to the prior years, The decrease in 2014 was primarily due to receipts related to communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition for periods prior to the Company’s ownership, which are primarily comprised of property tax and mortgage insurance refunds. The increase in 2013 over the prior year is due primarily to costs associated with the Archstone Acquisition. Interest expense, net  increased  $8,216,000 , or  4.8% , and  $35,482,000 , or  25.9% , in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. This category includes interest costs offset by capitalized interest pertaining to development activity, amortization of the mark to market adjustment on debt assumed as part of the Archstone Acquisition, and interest income. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to increased unsecured debt outstanding, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest related to our increased development activity. The increase in 2013 was primarily due to net interest costs on debt assumed in the Archstone Acquisition, partially offset by increased capitalized interest related to our increased development activity. Loss on the extinguishment of debt, net  reflects   prepayment penalties, the expensing of deferred financing costs from our debt repurchase and retirement activity, or payments to acquire our outstanding debt at amounts above or below the carrying basis of the debt acquired, excluding costs related to debt secured by assets sold or held for sale. Loss on interest rate contract  reflects the loss recorded by the Company related to the forward interest rate protection agreement that matured in May 2013. Based on changes in the Company's capital markets outlook in 2013, the Company did not issue the anticipated debt for which the interest rate protection agreement was transacted. Depreciation expense  decreased  $117,533,000 , or  21.0% , in  2014  and increased  $316,535,000 , or  129.9% , in  2013 , as compared to the prior years. The decrease in 2014 was primarily due to the impact of amortization for lease intangibles in 2013 not present in 2014, from communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. The increase in 2013 was primarily due to additional depreciation expense from the Archstone Acquisition, consisting largely of the depreciation of in-place lease intangibles, which were depreciated over a six month period.  General and administrative expense  ("G&A") increased  $1,852,000 , or  4.7% , and  $5,472,000 , or  16.0% , in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to an increase in compensation expense, partially offset by legal recoveries in 2014 not present in the prior year. The increase in 2013 over 2012 was primarily due to increased compensation costs, including costs related to the Archstone Acquisition.  Casualty and impairment loss  for 2012 consists of the losses we incurred associated with Superstorm Sandy.  Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities  increased by  $159,920,000 , in  2014  and decreased  $32,068,000 , in  2013 , as compared to the prior years. The increase in 2014 was primarily due to gains on the sales of communities in various ventures, including the Company's promoted interests, coupled with certain expensed transaction costs associated with the Archstone Acquisition that were incurred in 2013 through the unconsolidated joint venture entities owned with Equity Residential that were not present in 2014. The decrease in 2013 is primarily due to costs of approximately $39,543,000 associated with the Archstone Acquisition that were incurred through the unconsolidated joint venture entities owned with Equity Residential during the year.  Gain on sale of land  increased in  2014  and decreased  2013  as compared to the prior years, due to changes in volume and associated gains on the sale of land parcels. Gain on sale of communities  increased in  2014  over  2013 , due to our implementation of new accounting guidance under ASU 2014-08 effective January 1, 2014, which impacted where we report income from operations as well as gains or losses from the disposition of operating communities. Gain on disposition for communities classified as held for sale subsequent to the adoption of the guidance is presented as part of this line item. For communities classified as held for sale prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-08, gain on sale is presented as gain on sale of discontinued operations. Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated real estate entity  for 2012 represents the amount by which the fair value of our prior ownership interest in the joint venture that owned Avalon Del Rey exceeded our carrying value. Income tax expense  for 2014 consists of federal income tax expense related to dispositions of the Company's direct and indirect interests in certain real estate assets acquired in the Archstone Acquisition, which were owned through a taxable REIT subsidiary. 50 Table of Contents Income from discontinued operations  represents the net income generated by real estate sold and qualifying as discontinued operations during the period from January 1, 2012 through  December 31, 2014 . Income from discontinued operations decreased in  2014  and  2013 , as compared to the prior years. The decrease in 2014 was due to the change in accounting guidance for discontinued operations under ASU 2014-08, with individual community dispositions no longer classified as such. The decrease in 2013 was due to changes in the number of communities sold, the size and carrying value of those communities and the market conditions in the local area as compared to the prior year. See Note 7, "Real Estate Disposition Activities," to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Gain on sale of discontinued operations  decreased in  2014  and increased in  2013 , as compared to the prior years. The amount of gain realized in a given period depends on many factors, including the number of communities sold, the size and carrying value of the communities sold and the market conditions in the local area. After our adoption of ASU 2014-08 as of January 1, 2014, gain on sale of communities is presented as gain on sale of communities.  Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests  resulted in an allocation of income of  $13,760,000  in  2014 , and an allocation of loss of  $370,000  and  $307,000  in  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The amount for 2014 includes our joint venture partners' 84.8% interest in the gain on the sale of a Fund I community that was consolidated for financial reporting purposes, in the amount of $14,132,000. Liquidity and Capital Resources We believe our principal short-term liquidity needs are to fund: • development and redevelopment activity in which we are currently engaged; • the minimum dividend payments on our common stock required to maintain our REIT qualification under the Code; • debt service and principal payments either at maturity or opportunistically before maturity; and • normal recurring operating expenses. Factors affecting our liquidity and capital resources are our cash flows from operations, financing activities and investing activities (including dispositions) as well as general economic and market conditions. Operating cash flow has historically been determined by: (i) the number of apartment homes currently owned, (ii) rental rates, (iii) occupancy levels and (iv) operating expenses with respect to apartment homes. The timing and type of capital markets activity in which we engage, as well as our plans for development, redevelopment, acquisition and disposition activity, are affected by changes in the capital markets environment, such as changes in interest rates or the availability of cost-effective capital. We regularly review our liquidity needs, the adequacy of cash flows from operations and other expected liquidity sources to meet these needs. In  2015 , we expect to meet our liquidity needs from a variety of internal and external sources, which may include the physical settlement of the Forward, real estate dispositions, cash balances on hand, borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility and/or the Term Loan, secured and unsecured debt financings, and other public or private sources of liquidity including the issuance of common and preferred equity, as well as cash generated from our operating activities. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the real estate industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the perception of lenders regarding our long or short-term financial prospects. Capital raising activities in  2014  included asset sales, the Term Loan entered into in March, the issuance of common stock under CEP III (as defined below), and the issuance of unsecured notes in November. Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents totaled  $509,460,000  at  December 31, 2014 , an increase of  $228,105,000  from  $281,355,000  at  December 31, 2013 . The following discussion relates to changes in cash due to operating, investing and financing activities, which are presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included elsewhere in this report. Operating Activities—Net cash provided by operating activities increased to  $886,641,000  in  2014  from  $724,315,000  in  2013 . The increase was driven primarily by increased NOI from existing and newly developed communities, a decrease in acquisition costs, and the timing of payments of corporate obligations. Investing Activities—Net cash used in investing activities of  $816,760,000  in  2014  is related to investments in assets primarily through development and redevelopment, partially offset by proceeds received for dispositions and distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures. In  2014 , we invested  $1,341,657,000  in the following areas: • we invested  $1,241,832,000  in the development and redevelopment of communities;  • we had capital expenditures of  $52,825,000  for our operating communities and non-real estate assets; and • we acquired one operating community for  $47,000,000 . 51 Table of Contents We received proceeds from dispositions of  $297,466,000 , and distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures in the amount of  $203,945,000 , associated primarily with the disposition of communities from CVP I, LLC, Fund I and Fund II. Financing Activities—Net cash provided by financing activities totaled  $158,224,000  in  2014 . The net cash provided is due to: • issuance of $300,000,000 principal amount of unsecured notes; • issuance of common stock in the amount of  $295,465,000  through CEP III;  • borrowing $250,000,000 under the Term Loan; and • secured borrowings of  $53,000,000 . These amounts are partially offset by: • payment of cash dividends in the amount of  $593,643,000 ; • repayment of unsecured notes in the amount of  $150,000,000 ; and • repayment of secured notes in the amount of  $32,859,000 . Variable Rate Unsecured Credit Facility The Company has a  $1,300,000,000  revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "Credit Facility") which matures in April 2017. We may extend the maturity for up to  one  year through the exercise of  two ,  six  month extension options for an aggregate fee of  $1,950,000 . The Credit Facility bears interest at varying levels based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), rating levels achieved on our unsecured notes and on a maturity schedule selected by us. The current stated pricing is  LIBOR  plus  1.05%  ( 1.22%  at  January 31, 2015  assuming a one month borrowing rate). The annual facility fee is  0.15%  (or approximately  $1,950,000  annually based on the  $1,300,000,000  facility size and based on our current credit rating). We did not have any borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and had  $47,963,000  outstanding in letters of credit that reduced our borrowing capacity as of  January 31, 2015 . Financial Covenants We are subject to financial and other covenants contained in the Credit Facility, the Term Loan and the indenture under which our unsecured notes were issued. The principal financial covenants include the following: • limitations on the amount of total and secured debt in relation to our overall capital structure; • limitations on the amount of our unsecured debt relative to the undepreciated basis of real estate assets that are not encumbered by property-specific financing; and • minimum levels of debt service coverage. We were in compliance with these covenants at  December 31, 2014 . In addition, our secured borrowings may include yield maintenance, defeasance, or prepayment penalty provisions, which would result in us incurring an additional charge in the event of a full or partial prepayment of outstanding principal before the scheduled maturity. These provisions in our secured borrowings are generally consistent with other similar types of debt instruments issued during the same time period in which our borrowings were secured. Continuous Equity Offering Program  In August 2012, we commenced a third continuous equity program ("CEP III"), under which we are authorized by our Board of Directors to sell up to  $750,000,000  of shares of our common stock from time to time during a  36 -month period. In conjunction with CEP III we have engaged sales agents who receive compensation of approximately  1.5%  of the gross sales price for shares sold. During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , we sold  2,069,538  shares at an average sales price of  $144.95  per share, for net proceeds of  $295,465,000 .  As of  January 31, 2015 , we had  $346,304,000  of shares remaining authorized for issuance under this program. 52 Table of Contents Forward Equity Contract On September 9, 2014, based on a market closing price of $155.83 per share on that date, we entered into a forward contract to sell 4,500,000 shares of common stock for an initial forward price of $151.74 per share, net of offering fees and discounts (the "Forward"). The sales price and proceeds achieved will be determined on the date or dates of settlement, with adjustments during the term of the contract for our dividends as well as for a daily interest factor that varies with changes in the Fed Funds rate. We generally have the ability to determine the date(s) and method of settlement, subject to certain conditions and the right of the Forward counterparty to accelerate settlement under certain circumstances. Settlement may be (i) physical sale of shares of our common stock for cash, (ii) net cash settlement, whereby we will either pay or receive the difference between the Forward price and the weighted average market price for our common stock at the time of settlement, or (iii) net share settlement, whereby we will either receive or issue shares of our common stock, with the number of shares issued or received determined by the difference between the Forward price and the weighted average market price for its common stock at the time of settlement. The Forward price and the weighted average market price would in both cases by determined under the applicable terms of the Forward. Under either of the net settlement provisions, we will pay to the counterparty either cash or shares of common stock when the weighted average market price of our common stock at the time of settlement exceeds the Forward, and will receive either cash or issue shares of common stock to the extent that the weighted average market price of our common stock at the time of settlement is less than the price under the Forward. Settlement of the Forward will occur on one or more dates not later than September 8, 2015. Future Financing and Capital Needs—Debt Maturities One of our principal long-term liquidity needs is the repayment of long-term debt at maturity.  For both our unsecured and secured notes, a portion of the principal of these notes may be repaid prior to maturity. Early retirement of our unsecured or secured notes could result in gains or losses on extinguishment. If we do not have funds on hand sufficient to repay our indebtedness as it becomes due, it will be necessary for us to refinance or otherwise provide liquidity to satisfy the debt at maturity. This refinancing may be accomplished by uncollateralized private or public debt offerings, equity issuances, additional debt financing that is secured by mortgages on individual communities or groups of communities or borrowings under our Credit Facility or Term Loan. Although we believe we will have the capacity to meet our currently anticipated liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that additional debt financing or debt or equity offerings will be available or, if available, that they will be on terms we consider satisfactory. The following debt activity occurred during  2014 : • In March 2014, we entered into a  $300,000,000  variable rate unsecured term loan that matures in March 2021 (the “Term Loan”).  At  December 31, 2014 , we had drawn  $250,000,000  of the available  $300,000,000 , with the option to draw the additional  $50,000,000  until March 2015. • In April 2014, in conjunction with certain requirements associated with the development of an apartment community, we entered into a  $53,000,000  secured mortgage loan maturing in 2019, with an option to extend the maturity to 2024.  The mortgage is comprised of a  $15,000,000  fixed rate note with an interest rate of  2.99%  and a  $38,000,000  variable rate note at LIBOR plus  2.00% . • Pursuant to its scheduled maturity in April 2014, we repaid  $150,000,000  principal amount of unsecured notes with a stated coupon of  5.375% . • In June 2014, in conjunction with the disposition of an operating community, we repaid a fixed rate secured mortgage loan in the amount of  $10,427,000  with an interest rate of  6.19%  in advance of its November 2015 maturity date. In accordance with the requirements of the master credit agreement governing this and certain other secured borrowings, we repaid an additional  $5,914,000  principal amount of secured borrowings for eight other operating communities. We incurred a charge for early debt extinguishment of  $412,000 . • In November 2014, we issued  $300,000,000  principal amount of unsecured notes in a public offering under its existing shelf registration statement for net proceeds of approximately  $295,803,000 . The notes mature in  November 2024  and were issued at a stated coupon of  3.50% .  The following table details our consolidated debt maturities for the next five years, excluding our Credit Facility and amounts outstanding related to communities classified as held for sale, for debt outstanding at  December 31, 2014  (dollars in thousands) as compared to the amounts of debt outstanding as of at  December 31, 2013 . We are not directly or indirectly (as borrower or guarantor) obligated in any material respect to pay principal or interest on the indebtedness of any unconsolidated entities in which we have an equity or other interest. 53 Table of Contents     All-In interest rate (1)   Principal maturity date   Balance Outstanding   Scheduled Maturities Community       12/31/2013   12/31/2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   Thereafter Tax-exempt bonds (4)                                         Fixed rate                                         Eaves Washingtonian Center I   7.84 %   May-2027   $ 8,401   $ 8,011   $ 419   $ 449   $ 482   $ 517   $ 554   $ 5,590 Avalon Oaks   7.50 %   Feb-2041   16,094   15,887   222   238   255   276   293   14,603 Avalon Oaks West   7.54 %   Apr-2043   16,032   15,847   198   211   225   241   257   14,715 Avalon at Chestnut Hill   6.15 %   Oct-2047   39,979   39,545   457   482   509   536   566   36,995 Avalon Westbury   4.13 %   Nov-2036 (5) 62,200   62,200   —   —   —   —   —   62,200             142,706   141,490   1,296   1,380   1,471   1,570   1,670   134,103                                           Variable rate (2)                                         Avalon at Mountain View   0.78 %   Feb-2017   18,300   18,100 (3) —   —   18,100   —   —   — Avalon at Mission Viejo   1.21 %   Jun-2025   7,635   7,635 (3) —   —   —   —   —   7,635 AVA Nob Hill   1.14 %   Jun-2025   20,800   20,800 (3) —   —   —   —   —   20,800 Avalon Campbell   1.47 %   Jun-2025   38,800   38,800 (3) —   —   —   —   —   38,800 Eaves Pacifica   1.49 %   Jun-2025   17,600   17,600 (3) —   —   —   —   —   17,600 Avalon Bowery Place I   3.01 %   Nov-2037   93,800   93,800 (3) —   —   —   —   —   93,800 Avalon Acton   1.51 %   Jul-2040   45,000   45,000 (3) —   —   —   —   —   45,000 Avalon Walnut Creek   1.36 %   Mar-2046 (5) 116,000   116,000 (6) —   —   —   —   —   116,000 Avalon Walnut Creek   1.36 %   Mar-2046 (5) 10,000   10,000 (6) —   —   —   —   —   10,000 Avalon Morningside Park   1.60 %   May-2046 (5) 100,000   100,000   —   —   —   —   —   100,000 Avalon Clinton North   1.72 %   Nov-2038   147,000   147,000 (3) —   —   —   —   —   147,000 Avalon Clinton South   1.72 %   Nov-2038   121,500   121,500 (3) —   —   —   —   —   121,500 Avalon Midtown West   1.63 %   May-2029   100,500   100,500 (3) —   —   —   —   —   100,500 Avalon San Bruno   1.61 %   Dec-2037   64,450   64,450 (3) —   —   —   —   —   64,450 Avalon Calabasas   1.71 %   Apr-2028   44,410   44,410 (3) —   —   —   128   403   43,879             945,795   945,595   —   —   18,100   128   403   926,964 Conventional loans (4)                                         Fixed rate                                         $150 Million unsecured notes   — %   Apr-2014   150,000   —   —   —   —   —   —   — $250 Million unsecured notes   5.89 %   Sep-2016   250,000   250,000   —   250,000   —   —   —   — $250 Million unsecured notes   5.82 %   Mar-2017   250,000   250,000   —   —   250,000   —   —   — $250 Million unsecured notes   6.19 %   Mar-2020   250,000   250,000   —   —   —   —   —   250,000 $250 Million unsecured notes   4.04 %   Jan-2021   250,000   250,000   —   —   —   —   —   250,000 $450 Million unsecured notes   4.30 %   Sep-2022   450,000   450,000   —   —   —   —   —   450,000 $250 Million unsecured notes   3.00 %   Mar-2023   250,000   250,000   —   —   —   —   —   250,000 $400 Million unsecured notes   3.78 %   Oct-2020   400,000   400,000   —   —   —   —   —   400,000 $350 Million unsecured notes   4.30 %   Dec-2023   350,000   350,000   —   —   —   —   —   350,000 $300 Million unsecured notes   3.66 %   Nov-2024   —   300,000   —   —   —   —   —   300,000 Avalon Orchards   7.79 %   Jul-2033   17,530   17,091   470   503   539   577   619   14,383 Avalon Darien   6.22 %   Dec-2015   48,484   47,700 (7) 47,700   —   —   —   —   — AVA Stamford   6.13 %   Dec-2015   58,385   57,423 (7) 57,423   —   —   —   —   — Avalon Walnut Creek   4.30 %   Jul-2066   3,042   3,042   —   —   —   —   —   3,042 Avalon Shrewsbury   5.92 %   May-2019   20,464   20,174   307   323   346   367   18,831   — Eaves Trumbull   5.93 %   May-2019   40,018   39,452   601   631   676   717   36,827   — Avalon on Stamford Harbor    5.93 %   May-2019   63,624   62,724 (9) 955   1,003   1,075   1,140   58,551   — Avalon Freehold   5.95 %   May-2019   35,475   34,973   532   559   599   636   32,647   — Avalon Run East   5.95 %   May-2019   38,013   37,475   571   599   642   681   34,982   — Eaves Nanuet   6.06 %   May-2019   64,149   63,242   963   1,011   1,083   1,150   59,035   — Avalon at Edgewater (10)   5.95 %   May-2019   76,088   75,012   1,142   1,199   1,285   1,363   70,023   — Avalon Foxhall   6.06 %   May-2019   57,150   56,341   858   901   965   1,024   52,593   — Avalon at Gallery Place   6.06 %   May-2019   44,405   43,776   667   700   750   796   40,863   — Avalon at Traville   5.91 %   May-2019   75,251   74,186   1,130   1,186   1,271   1,348   69,251   — Avalon Bellevue   5.92 %   May-2019   25,856   25,491   388   408   437   463   23,795   — Avalon on The Alameda   5.91 %   May-2019   52,278   51,539   785   824   883   937   48,110   — Avalon at Mission Bay North   5.90 %   May-2019   70,959   69,955   1,065   1,118   1,198   1,272   65,302   — AVA Pasadena   4.05 %   Jun-2018   11,869   11,683   195   202   213   11,073   —   — 54 Table of Contents Eaves Seal Beach   3.12 %   Nov-2015   86,167   85,122 (8) 85,122   —   —   —   —   — Oakwood Toluca Hills   3.12 %   Nov-2015   167,595   165,561 (8) 165,561   —   —   —   —   — Eaves Mountain View at Middlefield   3.12 %   Nov-2015   72,374   71,496 (8) 71,496   —   —   —   —   — Eaves Tunlaw Gardens   3.12 %   Nov-2015   28,844   28,494 (8) 28,494   —   —   —   —   — Eaves Glover Park   3.12 %   Nov-2015   23,858   23,569 (8) 23,569   —   —   —   —   — Oakwood Arlington   3.12 %   Nov-2015   42,703   42,185 (8) 42,185   —   —   —   —   — Eaves North Quincy   3.12 %   Nov-2015   37,212   36,761 (8) 36,761   —   —   —   —   — Avalon Thousand Oaks Plaza   3.12 %   Nov-2015   28,742   28,394 (8) 28,394   —   —   —   —   — Avalon La Jolla Colony   3.36 %   Nov-2017   27,176   27,176   —   —   27,176   —   —   — Eaves Old Town Pasadena   3.36 %   Nov-2017   15,669   15,669   —   —   15,669   —   —   — Eaves Thousand Oaks   3.36 %   Nov-2017   27,411   27,411   —   —   27,411   —   —   — Avalon Walnut Ridge I   3.36 %   Nov-2017   20,754   20,754   —   —   20,754   —   —   — Eaves Los Feliz   3.36 %   Nov-2017   43,258   43,258   —   —   43,258   —   —   — Avalon Oak Creek   3.36 %   Nov-2017   85,288   85,288   —   —   85,288   —   —   — Avalon Del Mar Station   3.36 %   Nov-2017   76,471   76,471   —   —   76,471   —   —   — Avalon Courthouse Place   3.36 %   Nov-2017   140,332   140,332   —   —   140,332   —   —   — Avalon Pasadena   3.34 %   Nov-2017   28,079   28,079   —   —   28,079   —   —   — Eaves West Valley   3.36 %   Nov-2017   83,087   83,087   —   —   83,087   —   —   — Eaves Woodland Hills   3.36 %   Nov-2017   104,694   104,694   —   —   104,694   —   —   — Avalon Russett   3.36 %   Nov-2017   39,972   39,972   —   —   39,972   —   —   — Avalon First & M   5.56 %   May-2053   142,061   140,964   954   987   1,067   1,129   1,195   135,632 Avalon San Bruno II   3.85 %   Apr-2021   31,398   30,968   454   475   506   534   564   28,435 Avalon Westbury   4.13 %   Nov-2036 (5) 21,260   20,145   1,172   1,231   1,293   1,358   1,426   13,665 Archstone Lexington   3.32 %   Mar-2016   16,780   16,525   270   16,255   —   —   —   — Avalon San Bruno III   4.87 %   Jun-2020   56,210   56,210   561   1,147   1,188   1,226   1,264   50,824 Avalon Andover   3.28 %   Apr-2018   14,821   14,505   325   336   346   13,498   —   — Avalon Natick   3.13 %   Apr-2019   —   14,818   319   329   339   349   13,482   —             4,865,256   5,009,187   601,389   281,927   958,892   41,638   629,360   2,495,981                                           Variable rate (2)                                         Avalon Walnut Creek   1.70 %   Mar-2046 (5) 8,500   8,500 (6) —   —   —   —   —   8,500 Avalon Calabasas   2.41 %   Aug-2018   57,314   55,827 (3) 1,084   1,152   1,225   52,366   —   — Avalon Natick   2.44 %   Apr-2019   —   37,539 (3) 809   833   858   884   34,155   — Term Loan   1.77 %   Mar-2021   —   250,000   —   —   —   —   —   250,000             65,814   351,866   1,893   1,985   2,083   53,250   34,155   258,500                                           Total indebtedness - excluding Credit Facility           $ 6,019,571   $ 6,448,138   $ 604,578   $ 285,292   $ 980,546   $ 96,586   $ 665,588   $ 3,815,548 _________________________________ (1)  Includes credit enhancement fees, facility fees, trustees' fees, the impact of interest rate hedges, offering costs, mark to market amortization and other fees. (2)  Variable rates are given as of  December 31, 2014 . (3)  Financed by variable rate debt, but interest rate is capped through an interest rate protection agreement. (4)  Balances outstanding represent total amounts due at maturity, and are net of  $6,735  of debt discount and  $5,291  of debt discount and basis adjustments associated with the hedged unsecured notes as of  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013 , respectively, and  $84,449  and  $120,071  of premium associated with secured notes as of  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013 , respectively, as reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets included elsewhere in this report. (5)  Maturity date reflects the contractual maturity of the underlying bond. There is also an associated earlier credit enhancement maturity date.  (6) In July 2013 we remarketed the bonds and converted them to variable rate through July 2018. (7)  Borrowing is scheduled to mature in December 2015, and contractually includes an automatic one-year extension of the loan through December 2016. (8)  Outstanding principal balance was reduced in June 2014 in conjunction with the prepayment of a secured mortgage note under the master credit agreement. 55 Table of Contents (9) This community was sold in January 2015, at which time we substituted another operating community as collateral for the borrowing. (10) In January 2015, we experienced a fire at Edgewater.  As of the date of this Form 10-K there has been no change in the terms and conditions of the financing secured by Edgewater, and we are complying with all lender requirements.  The mortgage note stipulates that in the event of a casualty loss such as the Edgewater fire, the lender has absolute discretion to determine the disposition of the insurance proceeds, and can compel us (i) to direct the insurance proceeds to be used for the restoration of Edgewater, or (ii) to apply the insurance proceeds to repay the outstanding loan balance, at par.  We are currently working with the lender to resolve open issues related to this matter. Future Financing and Capital Needs—Portfolio and Other Activity As of  December 31, 2014 , we had  26  wholly-owned communities under construction and  eight  wholly-owned communities under reconstruction. Substantially all of the capital expenditures necessary to complete the communities currently under construction and reconstruction and fund development costs related to pursuing Development Rights will be funded from: • our  $1,300,000,000  Credit Facility; • the remaining  $50,000,000  capacity under our Term Loan; • cash currently on hand, invested in highly liquid overnight money market funds and repurchase agreements, and short-term investment vehicles; • retained operating cash; • the net proceeds from sales of existing communities; • the issuance of debt or equity securities, including through the Forward; and/or • private equity funding, including joint venture activity. Before planned construction or reconstruction activity, including activity related to communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures begins, or the construction of a Development Right begins, we intend to arrange adequate financing to complete these undertakings, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such financing. In the event that financing cannot be obtained, we may have to abandon Development Rights, write off associated pre-development costs that were capitalized and/or forego reconstruction activity. In such instances, we will not realize the increased revenues and earnings that we expected from such Development Rights or reconstruction activity and significant losses could be incurred. From time to time we use joint ventures to hold or develop individual real estate assets. We generally employ joint ventures primarily to mitigate asset concentration or market risk and secondarily as a source of liquidity. We may also use joint ventures related to mixed-use land development opportunities where our partners bring development and operational expertise to the venture. Each joint venture or partnership agreement has been individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture or partnership agreement. We cannot assure you that we will achieve our objectives through joint ventures. In evaluating our allocation of capital within our markets, we sell assets that do not meet our long-term investment criteria or when capital and real estate markets allow us to realize a portion of the value created over the past business cycle and redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop and redevelop communities. Because the proceeds from the sale of communities may not be immediately redeployed into revenue generating assets, the immediate effect of a sale of a community for a gain is to increase net income, but reduce future total revenues, total expenses and NOI. However, we believe that the absence of future cash flows from communities sold will have a minimal impact on our ability to fund future liquidity and capital resource needs. 56 Table of Contents Unconsolidated Real Estate Investments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Unconsolidated Investments Fund I, Fund II and the U.S. Fund (collectively the “Funds”) were established to engage in real estate acquisition programs through discretionary investment funds.  We believe this investment format provides the following attributes: (i) third-party joint venture equity as an additional source of financing to expand and diversify our portfolio; (ii) additional sources of income in the form of property management and asset management fees and, potentially, incentive distributions if the performance of the Funds exceeds certain thresholds; and (iii) additional visibility into the transactions occurring in multi-family assets that helps us with other investment decisions related to our wholly-owned portfolio. Fund I has  nine  institutional investors, including us. One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries is the general partner of Fund I, has a  15.2%  combined general partner and limited partner equity interest, and has fully recovered its basis as of  December 31, 2014 , with any additional liquidation proceeds to be recognized in earnings as received. Fund I was our principal vehicle for acquiring apartment communities from its formation in March 2005 through the close of its investment period in March 2008. Fund I has a term that expires in March 2015. In 2014, Fund I sold its final  four  apartment communities. Fund II has  six  institutional investors, including us. One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries is the general partner of Fund II and, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of Fund II, we have an equity investment of  $92,162,000  (net of distributions), representing a  31.3%  combined general partner and limited partner equity interest. Fund II served as the exclusive vehicle for acquiring apartment communities from its formation in 2008 through the close of its investment period in August 2011. Fund II has a term that expires in August 2020, assuming the exercise of two, one-year extension options. The U.S. Fund has  six  institutional investors, including us. We are the general partner of the U.S. Fund and, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the U.S. Fund, we have an equity investment of  $88,220,000  (net of distributions), representing a  28.6%  combined equity interest. The U.S. Fund was formed in July 2011 and is fully invested. The U.S. Fund has a term that expires in July 2023, assuming the exercise of two, one-year extension options. We acquired our interest in the U.S. Fund as part of the Archstone Acquisition. In addition, as part of the Archstone Acquisition, we acquired an interest in the AC JV, which has  four  institutional investors, including us. Excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the AC JV, we have an equity investment of  $69,633,000  (net of distributions), representing a  20.0%  equity interest. The AC JV was formed in 2011. As of  December 31, 2014 , we had investments in the following unconsolidated real estate accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  Refer to Note 6, “Investments in Real Estate Entities,” of the Consolidated Financial Statements located elsewhere in this report, which includes information on the aggregate assets, liabilities and equity, as well as operating results, and our proportionate share of their operating results. Detail of the real estate and associated funding underlying our unconsolidated investments is presented in the following table (dollars in thousands). 57 Table of Contents               Debt (2) Unconsolidated Real Estate Investments Company Ownership Percentage   # of Apartment Homes   Total Capitalized Cost (1)   Principal Amount   Type   Interest Rate (3)   Maturity Date                             Fund II                           1. Briarwood Apartments—Owings Mills, MD     348   $ 45,765   $ 26,318   Fixed   3.64 %   Nov 2017 2. Eaves Gaithersburg—Gaithersburg, MD (4)     684   102,638   63,200   Fixed   5.42 %   Jan 2018 3. Eaves Tustin—Tustin, CA     628   100,837   59,100   Fixed   3.81 %   Oct 2017 4. Eaves Los Alisos—Lake Forest, CA     140   27,466   —   N/A   N/A   N/A 5. Eaves Plainsboro—Plainsboro, NJ (5)     776   91,862   9,412   Fixed   5.04 %   Jan 2016 6. Eaves Carlsbad—Carlsbad, CA     450   80,943   46,141   Fixed   4.68 %   Feb 2018 7. Eaves Rockville—Rockville, MD     210   51,608   30,277   Fixed   4.26 %   Aug 2019    8. Captain Parker Arms - Lexington, MA     94   22,181   13,500   Fixed   3.90 %   Sep 2019    9. Eaves Rancho San Diego—San Diego, CA     676   127,847   69,913   Fixed   3.45 %   Nov 2018   10. Avalon Watchung—Watchung, NJ     334   66,425   40,950   Fixed   3.37 %   Apr 2019 Total Fund II 31.3 %   4,340   $ 717,572   $ 358,811       4.15 %                                 U.S. Fund                           1. Eaves Sunnyvale—Sunnyvale, CA (4)     192   $ 67,031   $ 33,806   Fixed   5.33 %   Nov 2019 2. Avalon Studio 4041—Studio City, CA     149   56,774   30,150   Fixed   3.34 %   Nov 2022 3. Marina Bay—Marina del Rey, CA      205   76,986   —   N/A   N/A   N/A 4. Avalon Venice on Rose—Venice, CA     70   56,405   31,114   Fixed   3.31 %   Jun 2020 5. Archstone Boca Town Center—Boca Raton, FL (6)     252   46,251   27,706   Fixed/Variable   3.54 %   Feb 2019 6. Avalon Station 250—Dedham, MA     285   95,111   59,733   Fixed   3.73 %   Sep 2022 7. Avalon Grosvenor Tower—Bethesda, MD     237   79,088   46,294   Fixed   3.74 %   Sep 2022 8. Avalon Kips Bay—New York, NY     209   134,470   68,920   Fixed   4.25 %   Jan 2019 9. Avalon Kirkland at Carillon—Kirkland, WA     131   50,023   30,157   Fixed   3.75 %   Feb 2019 Total U.S. Fund 28.6 %   1,730   $ 662,139   $ 327,880       3.92 %                                 AC JV                           1. Archstone North Point—Cambridge, MA (7)     426   $ 186,668   $ 111,653   Fixed   6.00 %    Aug 2021  2. Archstone Woodland Park—Herndon, VA (7)     392   85,324   50,647   Fixed   6.00 %    Aug 2021  3. Avalon North Points Lofts — Cambridge, MA (8)     103   26,503   —   N/A   N/A   N/A Total AC JV 20.0 %   921   $ 298,495   $ 162,300       6.00 %                                 Residual JV (9)                           1. SWIB     1,410   $ 261,740   $ 148,866   Fixed/Variable   2.32 %   Dec 2015 (10) Total Residual JV 8.0 %   1,410   $ 261,740   $ 148,866       2.32 %                                 Other Operating Joint Ventures                           1. MVP I, LLC 25.0 %   313   $ 124,344   $ 105,000   Variable (11)   2.65 %   Dec 2015 2. Brandywine Apartments of Maryland, LLC 28.7 %   305   17,802   24,346   Fixed   3.40 %   Jun 2028 Total Other Joint Ventures     618   $ 142,146   $ 129,346       2.79 %                                 Total Unconsolidated Investments     9,019   $ 2,082,092   $ 1,127,203       3.95 %     _________________________________ (1)  Represents total capitalized cost as of  December 31, 2014 . (2)  We have not guaranteed the debt of unconsolidated investees and bear no responsibility for the repayment. (3)  Represents weighted average rate on outstanding debt as of  December 31, 2014 . (4)  Borrowing on this community is comprised of two mortgage loans. 58 Table of Contents (5)  Fund II repaid an outstanding mortgage loan secured by this community at par during  2014 .  (6)  The debt secured by this community is a variable rate note, of which $24,868 has been converted to an effective fixed rate borrowing with an interest rate swap. (7)  Borrowing is comprised of four mortgage loans made by the equity investors in the venture in proportion to their equity interests. (8)  Development of this community was completed during  2014 . (9)  Our ownership interest of 8.0% is determined by our 40.0% ownership interest in the Residual JV entity with Equity Residential, which owns a 20.0% interest in SWIB. (10)  Maturity date represents the earliest of the maturity dates on the  two  loans and  four  draws on the credit facility relating to the  four  communities owned by SWIB, as defined below. Maturity dates range from December 2015 to December 2029. (11)  In December 2014 the interest rate converted from fixed to variable through the December 2015 maturity. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements In addition to our investment interests in consolidated and unconsolidated real estate entities, we have certain off-balance sheet arrangements with the entities in which we invest. Additional discussion of these entities can be found in Note 6, "Investments in Real Estate Entities," of our Consolidated Financial Statements located elsewhere in this report. • As of  December 31, 2014 , subsidiaries of Fund II have  10  loans secured by individual assets with aggregate amounts outstanding of  $358,811,000  with varying maturity dates (and, in some cases, dates after which the loans can be prepaid without penalty), ranging from January 2016 to September 2019. The mortgage loans are payable by the subsidiaries of Fund II with operating cash flow or disposition proceeds from the underlying real estate. We have not guaranteed the debt of Fund II, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should Fund II be unable to do so. In addition, as part of the formation of Fund II, we have provided to one of the limited partners a guarantee. The guarantee provides that if, upon final liquidation of Fund II, the total amount of all distributions to that partner during the life of Fund II (whether from operating cash flow or property sales) does not equal a minimum of the total capital contributions made by that partner, then we will pay the partner an amount equal to the shortfall, but in no event more than  10%  of the total capital contributions made by the partner (maximum of approximately  $8,910,000  as of  December 31, 2014 ). As of  December 31, 2014 , the expected realizable value of the real estate assets owned by Fund II is considered adequate to cover the guaranteed distribution amount to that partner under the expected Fund II liquidation scenario. The estimated fair value of, and our obligation under, this guarantee, both at inception and as of  December 31, 2014 , was not significant and therefore we have not recorded any obligation for this guarantee as of  December 31, 2014 . Each individual mortgage loan of Fund II was made to a special purpose, single asset subsidiary of Fund II. Each mortgage loan provides that it is the obligation of the respective subsidiary only, except under exceptional circumstances (such as fraud or misapplication of funds) in which case Fund II could also have obligations with respect to the mortgage loan. In no event do the mortgage loans provide for recourse against investors in Fund II, including against us or our wholly-owned subsidiaries that invest in Fund II. A default by Fund II or a Fund II subsidiary on any loan to it would not constitute a default under any of our loans or any loans of our other non-Fund subsidiaries or affiliates. If Fund II or a subsidiary of Fund II were unable to meet its obligations under a loan, the value of our investment in Fund II would likely decline and we might also be more likely to be obligated under the guarantee we provided to Fund II partners as described above.  If a Fund II subsidiary or Fund II were unable to meet its obligations under a loan, we and/or the other investors might evaluate whether it was in our respective interests to voluntarily support Fund II through additional equity contributions and/or take other actions to avoid a default under a loan or the consequences of a default (such as foreclosure of a Fund II asset). In the future, in the event Fund II was unable to meet its obligations under a loan, we cannot predict at this time whether we would provide any voluntary support, or take any other action, as any such action would depend on a variety of factors, including the amount of support required and the possibility that such support could enhance the return of Fund II and/or our returns by providing time for performance to improve. • As of  December 31, 2014 , subsidiaries of the U.S. Fund have  nine  loans secured by individual assets with aggregate amounts outstanding of  $327,880,000  with varying maturity dates, ranging from January 2019 to November 2022. The mortgage loans are payable by the subsidiaries of the U.S. Fund with operating cash flow or disposition proceeds from the underlying real estate. We have not guaranteed the debt of the U.S. Fund, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should the U.S. Fund be unable to do so. 59 Table of Contents • As of  December 31, 2014 , subsidiaries of the AC JV have  eight  unsecured loans outstanding in the aggregate amount of  $162,300,000  which mature in August 2021, and which were made by the investors in the venture, including us, in proportion to the investors' respective equity ownership interest. The unsecured loans are payable by the subsidiaries of the AC JV with operating cash flow from the venture. We have not guaranteed the debt of the AC JV, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should the AC JV be unable to do so. • MVP I, LLC, the entity that owns Avalon at Mission Bay North II, has a loan secured by the underlying real estate assets of the community for  $105,000,000 . In December 2014, the loan converted from fixed rate to a variable rate, interest-only note bearing interest at  LIBOR  plus  2.50% , maturing in December 2015. We have not guaranteed the debt of MVP I, LLC, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should MVP I, LLC be unable to do so. In January 2015, we received  $20,700,000  from the joint venture partner associated with MVP I, LLC upon agreement to modify the joint venture agreement to eliminate our promoted interest for future return calculations and associated distributions. Prospectively, earnings and distributions will be based on the Company's  25.0%  equity interest in the venture. • As of  December 31, 2014 , Brandywine has an outstanding  $24,346,000  fixed rate mortgage loan that is payable by Brandywine. We have not guaranteed the debt of Brandywine, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should Brandywine be unable to do so. • As of  December 31, 2014 , SWIB, the joint venture for which we have an 8.0% indirect interest in through the Residual JV,  has  two  loans and  four  draws on a credit facility secured by individual assets with aggregate amounts outstanding of  $148,866,000  with varying maturity dates, ranging from December 2015 to December 2029. We have not guaranteed the debt of SWIB, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should SWIB be unable to do so. There are no other material lines of credit, side agreements, financial guarantees or any other derivative financial instruments related to or between our unconsolidated real estate entities and us. In evaluating our capital structure and overall leverage, management takes into consideration our proportionate share of the indebtedness of unconsolidated entities in which we have an interest. Contractual Obligations Scheduled contractual obligations required for the next five years and thereafter are as follows as of  December 31, 2014  (dollars in thousands):   Payments due by period   Total   Less than 1 Year   1-3 Years   3-5 Years   More than 5 Years Debt Obligations $ 6,448,138   $ 604,578   $ 1,265,838   $ 762,174   $ 3,815,548 Interest on Debt Obligations 1,932,230   269,081   459,352   319,925   883,872 Capital Lease Obligations (1) (2) 62,599   1,885   19,931   1,696   39,087 Operating Lease Obligations (1) 1,332,711   20,337   41,464   43,056   1,227,854   $ 9,775,678   $ 895,881   $ 1,786,585   $ 1,126,851   $ 5,966,361 _________________________________ (1)  Includes land leases expiring between October 2026 and March 2142. Amounts do not include any adjustment for purchase options available under the land leases. (2)  Aggregate capital lease payments include  $28,318  in interest costs. 60 Table of Contents Inflation and Deflation Substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. In an inflationary environment, this may allow us to realize increased rents upon renewal of existing leases or the beginning of new leases. Similarly, in a deflationary rent environment, we may be exposed to declining rents more quickly under these shorter-term leases. Forward-Looking Statements This Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify forward-looking statements by our use of the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "assume," "project," "plan," "may," "shall," "will" and other similar expressions in this Form 10-K, that predict or indicate future events and trends and that do not report historical matters. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding our intent, belief or expectations with respect to: • our potential development, redevelopment, acquisition or disposition of communities; • the timing and cost of completion of apartment communities under construction, reconstruction, development or redevelopment; • the timing of lease-up, occupancy and stabilization of apartment communities; • the pursuit of land on which we are considering future development; • the anticipated operating performance of our communities; • cost, yield, revenue, NOI and earnings estimates; • our declaration or payment of distributions; • our joint venture and discretionary fund activities; • our policies regarding investments, indebtedness, acquisitions, dispositions, financings and other matters; • our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code; • the real estate markets in Northern and Southern California and markets in selected states in the Mid-Atlantic, New England, Metro New York/New Jersey and Pacific Northwest regions of the United States and in general; • the availability of debt and equity financing; • interest rates; • general economic conditions including the potential impacts from economic conditions; and • trends affecting our financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure the future results or outcome of the matters described in these statements; rather, these statements merely reflect our current expectations of the approximate outcomes of the matters discussed. We do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, and therefore they may not represent our estimates and assumptions after the date of this report. You should not rely on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should carefully review the discussion under Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this report for further discussion of risks associated with forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: • our preliminary expectations and assumptions as of the date of this filing regarding insurance coverage, lender payoff and refinancing requirements and potential uninsured loss amounts resulting from the Edgewater fire, as well as the ultimate cost and timing of replacing the Edgewater building and achieving stabilized occupancy, are subject to change and could materially affect our current expectations regarding the impact of the fire on our financial condition and results of operations; 61 Table of Contents • the expected proceeds from settlement of the Forward are subject to adjustment for changes in the Fed Funds rate and the amount of dividends we pay on our common stock, and our receipt of settlement proceeds assumes that we will settle the Forward by physical delivery; • we may fail to secure development opportunities due to an inability to reach agreements with third parties to obtain land at attractive prices or to obtain desired zoning and other local approvals; • we may abandon or defer development opportunities for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions which make development less desirable, increases in costs of development, increases in the cost of capital or lack of capital availability, resulting in losses; • construction costs of a community may exceed our original estimates; • we may not complete construction and lease-up of communities under development or redevelopment on schedule, resulting in increased interest costs and construction costs and a decrease in our expected rental revenues; • occupancy rates and market rents may be adversely affected by competition and local economic and market conditions which are beyond our control; • financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all, and our cash flows from operations and access to cost effective capital may be insufficient for the development of our pipeline which could limit our pursuit of opportunities; • our cash flows may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest, and we may be unable to refinance existing indebtedness or the terms of such refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness; • we may be unsuccessful in our management of Fund I, Fund II, the U.S. Fund, the AC JV or the REIT vehicles that are used with each of them; and • we may be unsuccessful in managing changes in our portfolio composition. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or a different presentation of our financial statements. Below is a discussion of the accounting policies that we consider critical to an understanding of our financial condition and operating results that may require complex or significant judgment in their application or require estimates about matters which are inherently uncertain. A discussion of our significant accounting policies, including further discussion of the accounting policies described below, can be found in Note 1, "Organization and Basis of Presentation," of our Consolidated Financial Statements. Principles of Consolidation We may enter into various joint venture agreements with unrelated third parties to hold or develop real estate assets. We must determine for each of these ventures whether to consolidate the entity or account for our investment under the equity or cost basis of accounting. We determine whether to consolidate certain entities based on our rights and obligations under the joint venture agreements, applying the applicable accounting guidance. For investment interests that we do not consolidate, we evaluate the guidance to determine the accounting framework to apply. The application of the rules in evaluating the accounting treatment for each joint venture is complex and requires substantial management judgment. Therefore, we believe the decision to choose an appropriate accounting framework is a critical accounting estimate. If we were to consolidate the joint ventures that we accounted for using the equity method, excluding joint venture entities the company formed with Equity Residential as part of the Archstone Acquisition, at  December 31, 2014 , our assets would have increased by  $1,391,602,000  and our liabilities would have increased by  $1,005,012,000 . We would be required to consolidate those joint ventures currently not consolidated for financial reporting purposes if the facts and circumstances changed, including but not limited to the following reasons, none of which are currently expected to occur: • For entities not considered to be variable interest entities, the nature of the entity changed such that it would be considered a variable interest entity and we were considered the primary beneficiary. • For entities in which we do not hold a controlling voting and/or variable interest, the contractual arrangement changed resulting in our investment interest being either a controlling voting and/or variable interest. 62 Table of Contents We evaluate our accounting for investments on a regular basis including when a significant change in the design of an entity occurs. Cost Capitalization We capitalize costs during the development of assets. Capitalization begins when we determine that development of a future asset is probable and continues until the asset, or a portion of the asset, is delivered and is ready for its intended use. For redevelopment efforts, we capitalize costs either (i) in advance of taking apartment homes out of service when significant renovation of the common area has begun and continue until the redevelopment is completed, or (ii) when an apartment home is taken out of service for redevelopment and continue until the redevelopment is completed and the apartment home is available for a new resident. Rental income and operating expenses incurred during the initial lease-up or post-redevelopment lease-up period are fully recognized in earnings as they accrue. We defer costs associated with originating new leases, recognizing the impact of these costs in earnings over the term of the lease During the development and redevelopment efforts we capitalize all direct costs and indirect costs which have been incurred as a result of the development and redevelopment activities. These costs include interest and related loan fees, property taxes as well as other direct and indirect costs. Interest is capitalized for any project-specific financing, as well as for general corporate financing to the extent of our aggregate investment in the projects. Indirect project costs, which include personnel and office and administrative costs that are clearly associated with our development and redevelopment efforts, are also capitalized. Capitalized indirect costs associated with our development and redevelopment activities are comprised primarily of compensation related costs for associates dedicated to our development and redevelopment efforts and total  $37,433,000 ,  $38,128,000  and  $26,513,000  for  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The estimation of the direct and indirect costs to capitalize as part of our development and redevelopment activities requires judgment and, as such, we believe cost capitalization to be a critical accounting estimate. There may be a change in our operating expenses in the event that there are changes in accounting guidance governing capitalization or changes to our levels of development or redevelopment activity. If changes in the accounting guidance limit our ability to capitalize costs or if we reduce our development and redevelopment activities without a corresponding decrease in indirect project costs, there may be an increase in our operating expenses. For example, if in  2014  our development activities decreased by 10%, and there were no corresponding decrease in our indirect project costs, our costs charged to expense would have increased by  $3,743,000 . We capitalize pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of Development Rights. These costs include legal fees, design fees and related overhead costs. Future development of these pursuits is dependent upon various factors, including zoning and regulatory approval, rental market conditions, construction costs and availability of capital. Pre-development costs incurred for pursuits for which future development is not yet considered probable are expensed as incurred. In addition, if the status of a Development Right changes, making future development no longer probable, any capitalized pre-development costs are written off with a charge to expense. Due to the subjectivity in determining whether a pursuit will result in the development of an apartment community, and therefore should be capitalized, the accounting for pursuit costs is a critical accounting estimate. If we had determined that 10% of our capitalized pursuit costs were associated with Development Rights that were no longer probable of occurring, net income for the year ended  December 31, 2014  would have decreased by  $6,703,000 . Abandoned Pursuit Costs & Asset Impairment We evaluate our real estate and other long-lived assets for impairment when potential indicators of impairment exist. If events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property may not be recoverable, we assess its recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the property to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying amount exceeds the aggregate undiscounted future cash flows, we recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. We assess land held for development for impairment if our intent changes with respect to the development of the land. We evaluate our unconsolidated investments for impairment, considering both the carrying value of the investment, estimated to be the expected proceeds that it would receive if the entity were dissolved and the net assets were liquidated, as well as our proportionate share of any impairment of assets held by unconsolidated investments. We expense costs related to abandoned pursuits, which include the abandonment of Development Rights and disposition pursuits. These costs can vary greatly, and the costs incurred in any given period may be significantly different in future years.  Our focus on value creation through real estate development presents an impairment risk in the event of a future deterioration of the real estate and/or capital markets or a decision by us to reduce or cease development. We cannot predict the occurrence of future events that may cause an impairment assessment to be performed, or the likelihood of any future impairment charges, if any. You should also review Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K. 63 Table of Contents REIT Status We are a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated, for federal income tax purposes, as a REIT. We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for the year ended December 31, 1994 and have not revoked such election. A corporate REIT is a legal entity which holds real estate interests and must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distribute at least 90% of its adjusted taxable income to stockholders. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to corporate level federal income tax on taxable income if we distribute 100% of our taxable income to our stockholders over time periods allowed under the Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal and state income taxes at regular corporate rates (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax) and may not be able to elect to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years. For example, if we failed to qualify as a REIT in  2014 , our net income would have decreased by approximately  $274,794,000 . Our qualification as a REIT requires management to exercise significant judgment and consideration with respect to operational matters and accounting treatment. Therefore, we believe our REIT status is a critical accounting estimate. Acquisition of Investments in Real Estate We account for our acquisitions of investments in real estate in accordance with the authoritative guidance for the initial measurement, which requires the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree to be recognized at fair value. Typical assets and liabilities acquired include land, building, furniture, fixtures and equipment and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above-below market leases and in-place leases. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, we utilize various sources, including our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data. 64 Table of Contents ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risks from our financial instruments primarily from changes in market interest rates. We do not have exposure to any other significant market risk. We monitor interest rate risk as an integral part of our overall risk management, which recognizes the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effect on our results of operations. Our operating results are affected by changes in interest rates, primarily in short-term LIBOR and the SIFMA index as a result of borrowings under our Credit Facility and outstanding bonds with variable interest rates. In addition, the fair value of our fixed rate unsecured and secured notes are impacted by changes in market interest rates. The effect of interest rate fluctuations on our results of operations historically has been small relative to other factors affecting operating results, such as rental rates and occupancy. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , we had  $1,297,461,000  and  $1,011,609,000 , respectively, in variable rate debt outstanding, with no amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility. If interest rates on the variable rate debt had been 100 basis points higher throughout  2014  and  2013 , our annual interest costs would have increased by approximately  $13,035,000  and  $9,680,000 , respectively, based on balances outstanding during the applicable years. In 2013, in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition, we assumed approximately  $2,034,482,000  secured fixed and floating rate indebtedness, which impacted the Company's overall exposure to interest rate risk. In May 2013, a  $215,000,000  forward interest rate protection agreement matured, resulting in a payment to the counterparty of  $51,000,000 , the fair value at time of settlement. Because the counterparties providing the interest rate cap and swap agreements are major financial institutions which have an A or better credit rating by the Standard & Poor's Ratings Group and the current valuation of the position is a net liability for us, we do not believe there is exposure at this time to a default by a counterparty provider. In addition, changes in interest rates affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt, computed using quoted market prices for our unsecured notes or a discounted cash flow model for our secured notes, considering our current market yields, which impacts the fair value of our aggregate indebtedness. Debt securities and notes payable (including amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility) with an aggregate carrying value of  $6,448,138,000  at  December 31, 2014  had an estimated aggregate fair value of  $6,558,022,000  at  December 31, 2014 . Contractual fixed rate debt represented  $5,443,736,000  of the fair value at  December 31, 2014 . If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher as of  December 31, 2014 , the fair value of this fixed rate debt would have decreased by approximately  $365,417,000 . ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The response to this Item 8 is included as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. We continue to review and document our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014  based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2014 . 65 Table of Contents Our internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014  has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included elsewhere herein. (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION None. 66 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by Item 10 pertaining to directors and executive officers of the Company and the Company's Code of Conduct is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on  May 21, 2015 . ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by Item 11 pertaining to executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on  May 21, 2015 . ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by Item 12 pertaining to security ownership of management and certain beneficial owners of the Company's common stock is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on  May 21, 2015 , to the extent not set forth below. The Company maintains the 2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "2009 Plan") and the 1996 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"), pursuant to which common stock or other equity awards may be issued or granted to eligible persons. The following table gives information about equity awards under the 2009 Plan, the Company's prior 1994 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "1994 Plan") under which awards were previously made, and the ESPP as of  December 31, 2014 :   (a)   (b)   (c) Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 1,204,107 (2) $ 114.79 (3) 1,673,193 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (4) —   N/A   714,827 Total 1,204,107   $ 114.79 (3) 2,388,020 _________________________________ (1)  Consists of the 2009 Plan. (2)  Includes  93,749  deferred units granted under the 2009 Plan and the 1994 Plan, which, subject to vesting requirements, will convert in the future to common stock on a one-for-one basis. Also includes the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon settlement of outstanding Performance Awards awarded to officers and maturing on December 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016. Does not include  190,240  shares of restricted stock that are outstanding and that are already reflected in the Company's outstanding shares. (3)  Excludes performance awards and deferred units granted under the 2009 Plan and the 1994 Plan, which, subject to vesting requirements, will convert in the future to common stock on a one-for-one basis. (4)  Consists of the ESPP. The ESPP, which was adopted by the Board of Dir ectors on October 29, 1996, has not been approved by our shareholders. A further description of the ESPP appears in Note 10, "Stock-Based Compensation Plans," of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 67 Table of Contents ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by Item 13 pertaining to certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on  May 21, 2015 . ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by Item 14 pertaining to the fees paid to and services provided by the Company's principal accountant is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on  May 21, 2015 . 68 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 15(a)(1)   Financial Statements       Index to Financial Statements       Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule:       Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 F-3     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 F-4     Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 F-5     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 F-6     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9     15(a)(2)   Financial Statement Schedule       Schedule III—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation F-37     All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted.       15(a)(3)   Exhibits       The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed as a part of this report. 69 Table of Contents INDEX TO EXHIBITS 3(i).1   —   Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of June 4, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 1, 2007.) 3(i).2   —   Articles of Amendment, dated as of October 2, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).2 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 1, 2007.) 3(i).3   —   Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 22, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).3 to Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 22, 2013.) 3(ii).1   —   Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as adopted by the Board of Directors on May 21, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii).1 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed November 2, 2012.) 3(ii).2   —   Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of AvalonBay Communities, Inc., dated February 10, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii).2 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed November 2, 2012.) 3(ii).3   —   Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of AvalonBay Communities, Inc., dated September 19, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K of the Company filed September 20, 2012.) 4.1   —   Indenture for Senior Debt Securities, dated as of January 16, 1998, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 of the Company (File No. 333-139839), filed January 8, 2007.) 4.2   —   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 20, 1998, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 of the Company (File No. 333-139839), filed January 8, 2007.) 4.3   —   Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 7, 1998, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 of the Company (File No. 333-139839), filed January 8, 2007.) 4.4   —   Amended and Restated Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 10, 2000 between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 of the Company (File No. 333-139839), filed January 8, 2007.) 4.5   —   Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2006, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 of the Company (File No. 333-139839), filed January 8, 2007.) 4.6   __   Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 21, 2014, between the Company and the Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 21, 2014.) 4.7   —   Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 8.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 of the Company (File No. 333-87063), filed September 14, 1999.) 4.8   —   Amendment to the Company's Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan filed on December 17, 1999. (Incorporated by reference to the Prospectus Supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 on December 17, 1999.) 70 Table of Contents 4.9   —   Amendment to the Company's Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan filed on March 26, 2004. (Incorporated by reference to the Prospectus Supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 on March 26, 2004.) 4.10   —   Amendment to the Company's Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan filed on May 15, 2006. (Incorporated by reference to the Prospectus Supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 on May 15, 2006.) 10.1   —   Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of AvalonBay Value Added Fund, L.P., dated as of March 16, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 23, 2011.) 10.2   —   Master Cross-Collateralization Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2009, between Deutsche Bank Berkshire Mortgage, Inc., parties identified on Exhibit A-Schedule 1 attached thereto, and Shady Grove Financing, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed August 10, 2009.) 10.3   —   Master Substitution Agreement, dated April 23, 2009, between Deutsche Bank Berkshire Mortgage, Inc., AvalonBay Traville, LLC and the entities identified on Schedule B attached thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed August 10, 2009.) 10.4   —   Form of Multifamily Note, dated April 24, 2009. (Used in connection with the properties identified on Exhibit B to the Master Cross-Collateralization Agreement dated April 24, 2009.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed August 10, 2009.) 10.5   —   Form of Guaranty, dated April 24, 2009. (Used in connection with the properties identified on Exhibit B to the Master Cross-Collateralization Agreement dated April 24, 2009.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed August 10, 2009.) 10.6+   —   Endorsement Split Dollar Agreements and Amendments thereto with Messrs. Naughton, Sargeant, and Horey. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 23, 2011.) 10.7+   —   Form of Amendment to Endorsement Split Dollar Agreement with Messrs. Naughton, Sargeant, and Horey. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 2, 2009.) 10.8+   —   Employment Agreement between the Company and Timothy J. Naughton, dated as of December 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed December 21, 2011.) 10.9+   —   Employment Agreement between the Company and Leo S. Horey dated as of December 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K of the Company filed December 21, 2011.) 10.10+   —   AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed May 28, 2009.) 10.11+   __   Amendment to the AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan approved by the Board of Directors on May 21, 2014 following a stockholder vote.  (Filed herewith.) 71 Table of Contents 10.12+   —   Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed May 22, 2009.) 10.13+   —   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed May 22, 2009.) 10.14+   —   Form of Stock Grant and Restricted Stock Agreement (2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed May 22, 2009.) 10.15+   —   Form of Director Restricted Stock Agreement (2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed May 22, 2009.) 10.16+   —   Form of Director Restricted Unit Agreement (2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed May 22, 2009.) 10.17+   —   1996 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan, dated June 26, 1997, as amended and restated. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company (File No. 333-16837), filed June 26, 1997.) 10.18+   —   1996 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan—Plan Information Statement dated June 26, 1997. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company (File No. 333-16837), filed November 26, 1996.) 10.19+   —   Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and its Directors. (Filed herewith.) 10.20+   —   The Company's Officer Severance Plan, as amended and restated on November 9, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed November 15, 2011.) 10.21+   —   AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated in full on December 8, 2004. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 2, 2009.) 10.22+   —   Amendment dated February 9, 2006, to the AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on December 8, 2004. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 22, 2013.) 10.23+   —   Amendment, dated December 6, 2006, to the AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on December 8, 2004. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 22, 2013.) 10.24+   —   Amendment, dated September 20, 2007, to the AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on December 8, 2004. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 22, 2013.) 10.25+   —   Form of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 22, 2013.) 72 Table of Contents 10.26+   —   Form of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Agreement (1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 22, 2013.) 10.27+   —   Form of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Employee Stock Grant and Restricted Stock Agreement (1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 2, 2009.) 10.28+   —   Form of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Director Restricted Unit Agreement (1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 22, 2013.) 10.29+   —   Form of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Director Restricted Stock Agreement (1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 22, 2013.) 10.31   —   Third Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2011, with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing lender, issuing bank and a bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a bank and as syndication agent, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Morgan Stanley Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., each as a bank and as documentation agent, Barclays Bank PLC as a bank and as co-documentation agent, UBS Securities LLC as a co-documentation agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, BBVA Compass Bank, PNC Bank, National Association, and Suntrust Bank, each as a bank and as a managing agent, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., and Citizens Bank, each as a bank and as a co-agent, and the other bank parties signatory thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed November 7, 2011.) 10.32   —   Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2012, among the Company, as Borrower, the banks signatory thereto, each as a Bank, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K of the Company, filed December 21, 2012.) 10.33+   —   Rules and Procedures for Non-Employee Directors' Deferred Compensation Program, as adopted on November 20, 2006, as amended on December 11, 2008, February 10, 2010 and November 10, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Form 10-K of the Company filed February 23, 2011.) 10.34+   —   Amended and Restated AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed August 6, 2010.) 10.35   —   Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 26, 2012, by and among AvalonBay Communities, Inc., Equity Residential and its operating partnership, ERP Operating Partnership, LP, Lehman Brothers Holdings,  Inc., and Archstone Enterprise LP. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed November 26, 2012.) 10.36+   —   Retirement Agreement between the Company and Thomas J. Sargeant dated as of May 20, 2014. (Filed herewith.) 10.37+   —   Form of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Award Terms of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2013.) 10.38   —   Shareholders Agreement, dated February 27, 2013, by and among the Company, Archstone Enterprise LP and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K of the Company filed March 5, 2013.) 10.39   —   Archstone Residual JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K of the Company filed March 5, 2013.) 73 Table of Contents 10.40   —   Archstone Parallel Residual JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K of the Company filed March 5, 2013.) 10.41   —   Archstone Parallel Residual JV 2, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K of the Company filed March 5, 2013.) 10.42   —   Legacy Holdings JV, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K of the Company filed March 5, 2013.) 10.43   —   Master Credit Facility Agreement, dated February 27, 2013, by and among Federal National Mortgage Association and the parties named therein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K of the Company filed March 5, 2013.) 10.44   ---   Term Loan Agreement, dated March 31, 2014, among the Company, as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a bank, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent and a bank, and a syndicate of other financial institutions, serving as banks. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed April 2, 2014.) 12.1   —   Statements re: Computation of Ratios. (Filed herewith.) 21.1   —   Schedule of Subsidiaries of the Company. (Filed herewith.) 23.1   —   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. (Filed herewith.) 31.1   —   Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer). (Filed herewith.) 31.2   —   Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). (Filed herewith.) 32   —   Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer). (Furnished herewith.) 101   —   XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language). The following materials from AvalonBay Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, formatted in XBRL: (i) consolidated balance sheets, (ii) consolidated statements of operations, (iii) consolidated statements of cash flows, (iv) consolidated changes in stockholders' equity, and (v) notes to consolidated financial statements. _______________________________________________________________________________ + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K. 74 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.               AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ TIMOTHY J. NAUGHTON         Timothy J. Naughton, Director, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.           Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ TIMOTHY J. NAUGHTON         Timothy J. Naughton, Director, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ KEVIN P. O’SHEA         Kevin P. O’Shea, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ KERI A. SHEA         Keri A. Shea, Senior Vice President—Finance & Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ GLYN F. AEPPEL         Glyn F. Aeppel, Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ TERRY S. BROWN         Terry S. Brown, Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ ALAN B. BUCKELEW         Alan B. Buckelew, Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ BRUCE A. CHOATE         Bruce A. Choate, Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ RONALD L. HAVNER, JR.         Ronald L. Havner, Jr., Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ JOHN J. HEALY, JR.         John J. Healy, Jr., Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ LANCE R. PRIMIS         Lance R. Primis, Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ PETER S. RUMMELL         Peter S. Rummell, Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ H. JAY SARLES         H. Jay Sarles, Director Date: February 18, 2015   By:   /s/ W. EDWARD WALTER         W. Edward Walter, Director 75 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of AvalonBay Communities, Inc.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. at December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method for reporting discontinued operations effective January 1, 2014. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), AvalonBay Communities, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated  February 19, 2015  expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP McLean, Virginia February 19, 2015   F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Board of Directors and Stockholders of AvalonBay Communities, Inc.: We have audited AvalonBay Communities, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). AvalonBay Communities, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.   We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, AvalonBay Communities, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of AvalonBay Communities, Inc.  as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. and our report dated  February 19, 2015  expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  /s/ Ernst & Young LLP McLean, Virginia February 19, 2015   F-2 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)   12/31/14   12/31/13 ASSETS       Real estate:       Land and improvements $ 3,465,650   $ 3,251,780 Buildings and improvements 12,317,304   11,007,775 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 404,103   338,813   16,187,057   14,598,368 Less accumulated depreciation (2,891,254 )   (2,455,790 ) Net operating real estate 13,295,803   12,142,578 Construction in progress, including land 1,417,246   1,582,876 Land held for development 180,516   300,364 Operating real estate assets held for sale, net 42,175   258,391 Total real estate, net 14,935,740   14,284,209         Cash and cash equivalents 509,460   281,355 Cash in escrow 95,625   98,564 Resident security deposits 29,617   26,672 Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities 298,315   367,866 Deferred financing costs, net 39,728   40,460 Deferred development costs 67,029   31,592 Prepaid expenses and other assets 201,209   197,425 Total assets $ 16,176,723   $ 15,328,143         LIABILITIES AND EQUITY       Unsecured notes, net $ 2,993,265   $ 2,594,709 Variable rate unsecured credit facility —   — Mortgage notes payable 3,532,587   3,539,642 Dividends payable 153,207   138,476 Payables for construction 101,946   94,632 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 244,821   240,337 Accrued interest payable 41,318   42,854 Resident security deposits 49,502   44,594 Liabilities related to real estate assets held for sale 907   15,852 Total liabilities 7,117,553   6,711,096         Redeemable noncontrolling interests 12,765   17,320         Equity:       Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; $25 liquidation preference; 50,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; zero shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013 —   — Common stock, $0.01 par value; 280,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; 132,050,382 and 129,416,695 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 1,320   1,294 Additional paid-in capital 9,354,685   8,988,723 Accumulated earnings less dividends (267,085 )   (345,254 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (42,515 )   (48,631 ) Total stockholders' equity 9,046,405   8,596,132 Noncontrolling interest —   3,595 Total equity 9,046,405   8,599,727 Total liabilities and equity $ 16,176,723   $ 15,328,143 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-3 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Revenue:           Rental and other income $ 1,674,011   $ 1,451,419   $ 990,370 Management, development and other fees 11,050   11,502   10,257 Total revenue 1,685,061   1,462,921   1,000,627             Expenses:           Operating expenses, excluding property taxes 410,672   352,245   259,350 Property taxes 178,634   158,774   97,555 Interest expense, net 180,618   172,402   136,920 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 412   14,921   1,179 Loss on interest rate contract —   51,000   — Depreciation expense 442,682   560,215   243,680 General and administrative expense 41,425   39,573   34,101 Expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries (3,717 )   45,050   11,350 Casualty and impairment loss —   —   1,449 Total expenses 1,250,726   1,394,180   785,584             Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities 148,766   (11,154 )   20,914 Gain on sale of land 490   240   280 Gain on sale of communities 84,925   —   — Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated entity —   —   14,194             Income from continuing operations before taxes 668,516   57,827   250,431 Income tax expense 9,368   —   —             Income from continuing operations  659,148   57,827   250,431             Discontinued operations:           Income from discontinued operations 310   16,713   26,820 Gain on sale of real estate assets 37,869   278,231   146,311 Total discontinued operations 38,179   294,944   173,131             Net income 697,327   352,771   423,562 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (13,760 )   370   307             Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141   $ 423,869             Other comprehensive income:           Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges (121 )   —   (22,876 ) Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings 6,237   59,376   1,889 Comprehensive income $ 689,683   $ 412,517   $ 402,882             Earnings per common share—basic:           Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders $ 4.93   $ 0.46   $ 2.57 Discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders 0.29   2.32   1.77 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 5.22   $ 2.78   $ 4.34             Earnings per common share—diluted:           Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders $ 4.92   $ 0.46   $ 2.55 Discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders 0.29   2.32   1.77 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 5.21   $ 2.78   $ 4.32 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-4 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Dollars in thousands)   Shares issued           Additional paid-in capital   Accumulated earnings less dividends   Accumulated other comprehensive loss   Total AvalonBay stockholders' equity           Preferred stock   Common stock   Preferred stock   Common stock           Noncontrolling interests   Total equity Balance at December 31, 2011 —   95,175,677   $ —   $ 952   $ 4,652,457   $ (171,648 )   $ (87,020 )   $ 4,394,741   $ 7,151   $ 4,401,892 Net income attributable to common stockholders —   —   —   —   —   423,869   —   423,869   —   423,869 Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges —   —   —   —   —   —   (22,876 )   (22,876 )   —   (22,876 ) Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings —   —   —   —   —   —   1,889   1,889   —   1,889 Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   (375 )   —   (375 )   —   (375 ) Noncontrolling interest consolidation and income allocation —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (3,573 )   (3,573 ) Dividends declared to common stockholders —   —   —   —   —   (391,906 )   —   (391,906 )   —   (391,906 ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings —   19,227,795   —   192   2,416,852   (2,269 )   —   2,414,775   —   2,414,775 Amortization of deferred compensation —   —   —   —   17,098   —   —   17,098   —   17,098 Balance at December 31, 2012 —   114,403,472   —   1,144   7,086,407   (142,329 )   (108,007 )   6,837,215   3,578   6,840,793 Net income attributable to common stockholders —   —   —   —   —   353,141   —   353,141   —   353,141 Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings —   —   —   —   —   —   59,376   59,376   —   59,376 Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   (1,246 )   —   (1,246 )   —   (1,246 ) Noncontrolling interest consolidation and income allocation —   —   —   —   1,515   —   —   1,515   17   1,532 Dividends declared to common stockholders —   —   —   —   —   (553,829 )   —   (553,829 )   —   (553,829 ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings —   15,013,223   —   150   1,873,792   (991 )   —   1,872,951   —   1,872,951 Amortization of deferred compensation —   —   —   —   27,009   —   —   27,009   —   27,009 Balance at December 31, 2013 —   129,416,695   —   1,294   8,988,723   (345,254 )   (48,631 )   8,596,132   3,595   8,599,727 Net income attributable to common stockholders —   —   —   —   —   683,567   —   683,567   —   683,567 Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges —   —   —   —   —   —   (121 )   (121 )   —   (121 ) Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings —   —   —   —   —   —   6,237   6,237   —   6,237 Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   3,709   —   3,709   —   3,709 Noncontrolling interests income allocation —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   14,221   14,221 Noncontrolling interests derecognition —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (17,816 )   (17,816 ) Dividends declared to common stockholders —   —   —   —   —   (608,709 )   —   (608,709 )   —   (608,709 ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings —   2,633,687   —   26   339,186   (398 )   —   338,814   —   338,814 Amortization of deferred compensation —   —   —   —   26,776   —   —   26,776   —   26,776 Balance at December 31, 2014 —   132,050,382   $ —   $ 1,320   $ 9,354,685   $ (267,085 )   $ (42,515 )   $ 9,046,405   $ —   $ 9,046,405 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-5 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in thousands)   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Cash flows from operating activities:           Net income $ 697,327   $ 352,771   $ 423,562 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:           Depreciation expense 442,682   560,215   243,680 Depreciation expense from discontinued operations —   13,500   16,414 Amortization of deferred financing costs 6,383   6,803   6,427 Amortization of debt (premium) discount (34,961 )   (29,750 )   — Amortization of stock-based compensation 13,927   15,160   8,707 Equity in loss (income) of, and return on, unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests, net of eliminations 4,906   33,125   (12,103 ) Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings 6,237   59,376   1,889 Casualty loss and impairment of real estate assets —   —   1,449 Abandonment of development pursuits 1,455   —   — Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 412   14,921   1,781 Gain on sale of real estate assets (255,300 )   (278,471 )   (146,591 ) Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated entity —   —   (14,194 ) Decrease (increase) in cash in operating escrows 55   (28,960 )   6,543 (Increase) decrease in resident security deposits, prepaid expenses and other assets (3,441 )   (5,372 )   7,992 Decrease (increase) in accrued expenses, other liabilities and accrued interest payable 6,959   10,997   (4,737 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 886,641   724,315   540,819             Cash flows from investing activities:           Development/redevelopment of real estate assets including land acquisitions and deferred development costs (1,241,832 )   (1,285,715 )   (755,363 ) Acquisition of real estate assets, including partnership interest (47,000 )   (839,469 )   (155,755 ) Capital expenditures—existing real estate assets (46,902 )   (24,415 )   (23,452 ) Capital expenditures—non-real estate assets (5,923 )   (2,200 )   (3,076 ) Proceeds from sale of communities, net of selling costs 297,466   919,682   274,018 Mortgage note receivable repayment 21,748   —   — Increase in payables for construction 7,400   34,779   16,832 Decrease in cash in construction escrows —   —   16,824 Distributions from unconsolidated real estate entities 203,945   42,955   26,700 Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities (5,662 )   (26,791 )   (20,114 ) Net cash used in investing activities (816,760 )   (1,181,174 )   (623,386 )             Cash flows from financing activities:           Issuance of common stock 346,134   4,703   2,430,190 Dividends paid (593,643 )   (526,050 )   (365,572 ) Issuance of mortgage notes payable 53,000   84,928   — Repayments of mortgage notes payable, including prepayment penalties (32,859 )   (2,110,347 )   (110,013 ) Issuance of unsecured notes 550,000   750,000   700,000 Settlement of interest rate contract —   (51,000 )   (54,930 ) Repayment of unsecured notes (150,000 )   (100,000 )   (381,001 ) Payment of deferred financing costs and issuance discounts (7,820 )   (10,100 )   (15,664 ) Redemption of units for cash by minority partners —   (1,965 )   — Acquisition of joint venture partner equity interest —   —   (3,350 ) Distributions to DownREIT partnership unitholders (26 )   (32 )   (29 ) Distributions to joint venture and profit-sharing partners (262 )   (317 )   (299 ) Redemption of preferred interest obligation (6,300 )   (35,224 )   — Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 158,224   (1,995,404 )   2,199,332             Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 228,105   (2,452,263 )   2,116,765             Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 281,355   2,733,618   616,853 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 509,460   $ 281,355   $ 2,733,618 Cash paid during the year for interest, net of amount capitalized $ 191,966   $ 179,325   $ 119,268   See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-6 Table of Contents Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: During the year ended  December 31, 2014 : • As described in Note 4, “Equity,”  115,163  shares of common stock were issued as part of the Company's stock based compensation plan, of which  16,209  shares related to the conversion of restricted stock units to restricted shares, and the remaining  98,954  shares valued at  $12,799,000  were issued in connection with new stock grants;  2,434  shares valued at  $335,000  were issued through the Company’s dividend reinvestment plan;  55,523  shares valued at  $4,746,000  were withheld to satisfy employees’ tax withholding and other liabilities; and  7,970  restricted shares as well as restricted stock units with an aggregate value of  $2,938,000  previously issued in connection with employee compensation were canceled upon forfeiture. • Common dividends declared but not paid totaled  $153,207,000 . • The Company recorded a decrease of  $3,709,000  in redeemable noncontrolling interest with a corresponding increase to accumulated earnings less dividends to adjust the redemption value associated with the put options held by joint venture partners and DownREIT partnership units. For further discussion of the nature and valuation of these items, see Note 12, “Fair Value.” • The Company recorded a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets and a corresponding loss to other comprehensive income of  $121,000 , and reclassified  $6,237,000  of deferred cash flow hedge losses from other comprehensive income to interest expense, net, to record the impact of the Company’s derivative and hedge accounting activity. • The Company derecognized  $17,816,000  in noncontrolling interest in conjunction with the deconsolidation of a Fund I subsidiary. During the year ended  December 31, 2013 : • The Company issued  14,889,706  shares of common stock valued at  $1,875,210,000  as partial consideration for the Archstone Acquisition (as defined in this Form 10-K);  123,977  shares of common stock valued at  $16,019,000  were issued in connection with stock grants;  2,002  shares valued at  $269,000  were issued through the Company's dividend reinvestment plan;  48,310  shares valued at  $6,127,000  were withheld to satisfy employees' tax withholding and other liabilities; and  7,653  shares and certain options valued at  $1,105,000  previously issued in connection with employee compensation were cancelled upon forfeiture. In addition, the Company granted  215,230  options for common stock at a value of  $5,768,000 . • The Company reclassified  $5,892,000  of deferred cash flow hedge losses from other comprehensive income to interest expense, net, and  $53,484,000  to loss on interest rate contract, to record the impact of the Company's derivative and hedge accounting activity. • Common stock dividends declared but not paid totaled  $138,476,000 . • The Company recorded  $13,262,000  in redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with consolidated joint ventures acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. The Company also recorded an increase of  $1,246,000  in redeemable noncontrolling interest with a corresponding decrease to accumulated earnings less dividends to adjust the redemption value associated with the put options held by joint venture partners and DownREIT partnership units. • The Company assumed secured indebtedness with a principal amount of  $3,512,202,000  in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition. The Company also assumed an obligation related to outstanding preferred interests of approximately  $67,500,000 , included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. During the year ended  December 31, 2012 : • The Company issued  96,592  shares of common stock valued at  $12,883,000  in connection with stock grants,  2,331  shares valued at  $321,000  were issued through the Company's dividend reinvestment plan,  121,351  shares valued at  $15,543,000  were withheld to satisfy employees' tax withholding and other liabilities and  7,558  shares and options valued at  $393,000  previously issued in connection with employee compensation were cancelled upon forfeiture. In addition, the Company granted  115,303  options for common stock at a value of  $3,357,000 . • The Company recorded an increase to other liabilities and a corresponding loss to other comprehensive income of  $22,876,000 ; reclassified  $1,889,000  of deferred cash flow hedge losses from other comprehensive income to interest expense, net and recorded a decrease to prepaid expenses and other assets of  $11,000 , with a corresponding offset to the basis of unsecured notes, net to record the impact of the Company's hedge accounting activity. F-7 Table of Contents • Common stock dividends declared but not paid totaled  $110,966,000 . • The Company recorded an increase of  $375,000  in redeemable noncontrolling interests with a corresponding decrease to accumulated earnings less dividends to adjust the redemption value associated with the put option held by a joint venture partner and DownREIT partnership units. • The Company assumed a  4.61%  fixed rate mortgage loan with an outstanding balance of  $11,958,000  in conjunction with the acquisition of The Mark Pasadena. See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-8 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1.  Organization and Basis of Presentation Organization AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (the “Company,” which term, unless the context otherwise requires, refers to AvalonBay Communities, Inc. together with its subsidiaries), is a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) for federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”).  The Company focuses on the development, redevelopment, acquisition, ownership and operation of multifamily communities primarily in New England, the New York/New Jersey metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California.   At  December 31, 2014 , the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in  251  operating apartment communities containing  73,963  apartment homes in  11  states and the District of Columbia, of which  eight  communities containing  2,938  apartment homes were under reconstruction. In addition, the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in  26  communities under construction that are expected to contain an aggregate of  8,524  apartment homes when completed. The Company also owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in land or rights to land in which the Company expects to develop an additional  37  communities that, if developed as expected, will contain an estimated  10,384  apartment homes. Capitalized terms used without definition have meanings provided elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Principles of Consolidation The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, certain joint venture partnerships, subsidiary partnerships structured as DownREITs and any variable interest entities that qualified for consolidation. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company accounts for joint venture entities and subsidiary partnerships that are not variable interest entities in accordance with the guidance applicable to limited partnerships or similar entities. The Company evaluates the partnership of each joint venture entity and determines whether control over the partnership lies with the general partner or, when the limited partners have certain rights, with the limited partners. The Company consolidates an investment when both (i) the Company is the general partner and (ii) the limited partner interests do not overcome the Company's presumption of control by having either substantive participating rights, the ability to remove the Company as the general partner or the ability to dissolve the partnership. The Company generally uses the equity method under all other potential scenarios, including where (i) the Company holds a general partner interest but the presumption of control by the Company is overcome by the limited partner interests as described in the preceding paragraph or (ii) the Company holds a noncontrolling limited partner interest in a joint venture. Investments in which the Company has little or no influence are accounted for using the cost method. Revenue and Gain Recognition Rental income related to leases is recognized on an accrual basis when due from residents as required by the accounting guidance applicable to leases, which provides guidance on classification and recognition. In accordance with the Company's standard lease terms, rental payments are generally due on a monthly basis. Any cash concessions given at the inception of the lease are amortized over the approximate life of the lease, which is generally  one  year. The Company records a charge to income for outstanding receivables greater than 90 days past due as a component of operating expenses, excluding property taxes on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The Company accounts for the sale of real estate assets and any related gain recognition in accordance with the accounting guidance applicable to sales of real estate, which establishes standards for recognition of profit on all real estate sales transactions, other than retail land sales. The Company recognizes the sale, and associated gain or loss from the disposition, provided that the earnings process is complete and the Company is not obligated to perform significant activities after the sale. Real Estate Operating real estate assets are stated at cost and consist of land, buildings and improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, and other costs incurred during their development, redevelopment and acquisition. Significant expenditures which improve or extend the life of an asset are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. F-9 Table of Contents Improvements and upgrades are generally capitalized only if the item exceeds  $15,000 , extends the useful life of the asset and is not related to making an apartment home ready for the next resident. Purchases of personal property, such as computers and furniture, are generally capitalized only if the item is a new addition and exceeds  $2,500 . The Company generally expenses purchases of personal property made for replacement purposes. Project costs related to the development, construction and redevelopment of real estate projects (including interest and related loan fees, property taxes and other direct costs) are capitalized as a cost of the project. Indirect project costs that relate to several projects are capitalized and allocated to the projects to which they relate. Indirect costs not clearly related to development, construction and redevelopment activity are expensed as incurred. For development, capitalization (i) begins when the Company has determined that development of the future asset is probable, (ii) can be suspended if there is no current development activity underway, but future development is still probable and (iii) ends when the asset, or a portion of an asset, is delivered and is ready for its intended use, or the Company's intended use changes such that capitalization is no longer appropriate. For redevelopment efforts, the Company capitalizes costs either (i) in advance of taking homes out of service when significant renovation of the common area has begun until the redevelopment is completed, or (ii) when an apartment home is taken out of service for redevelopment until the redevelopment is completed and the apartment home is available for a new resident. Rental income and operating costs incurred during the initial lease-up or post-redevelopment lease-up period are recognized in earnings as incurred. The Company defers costs associated with originating new leases, recognizing the impact of these costs in earnings over the term of the lease. The Company acquired as a Development Right  one  land parcel partially improved with office buildings, industrial space and other commercial and residential ventures occupied by unrelated third parties. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company is actively pursuing development of this parcel. For the land parcel for which the Company intends to pursue development, the Company will manage the current improvements until such time as all tenant obligations have been satisfied or eliminated through negotiation, and construction of new apartment communities is ready to begin. Revenue from incidental operations received from the current improvements on these land parcels in excess of any incremental costs are being recorded as a reduction of total capitalized costs of the Development Right and not as part of net income. In connection with the acquisition of an operating community, the Company identifies and records each asset acquired and liability assumed in such transaction at its estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. The purchase price allocations to tangible assets, such as land, buildings and improvements, and furniture, fixtures and equipment, and the in-place lease intangible assets, are reflected in real estate assets and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Any purchase price allocation to intangible assets, other than in-place lease intangibles, is included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the term of the acquired intangible asset. The Company expenses all costs incurred related to acquisitions of operating communities. The Company values land based on a market approach, looking to recent sales of similar properties, adjusting for differences due to location, the state of entitlement as well as the shape and size of the parcel. Improvements to land are valued using a replacement cost approach and consider the structures and amenities included for the communities. The approach applies industry standard replacement costs adjusted for geographic specific considerations, and reduced by estimated depreciation. The value for furniture, fixtures and equipment is also determined based on a replacement cost approach, considering costs for both items in the apartment homes as well as common areas and is adjusted for estimated depreciation.  The fair value of buildings acquired is estimated using the replacement cost approach, assuming the buildings were vacant at acquisition. The replacement cost approach considers the composition of structures acquired, adjusted for an estimate of depreciation. The estimate of depreciation is made considering industry standard information and depreciation curves for the identified asset classes. The value of the acquired lease-related intangibles considers the estimated cost of leasing the apartment homes as if the acquired building(s) were vacant, as well as the value of the current leases relative to market-rate leases. The in-place lease value is determined using an average total lease-up time, the number of apartment homes and net revenues generated during the lease-up time. The lease-up period for an apartment community is assumed to be 12 months to achieve stabilized occupancy. Net revenues use market rent considering actual leasing and industry rental rate data. The value of current leases relative to a market-rate lease is based on market rents obtained for market comparables, and considered a market derived discount rate. Given the significance of unobservable inputs used in the value of real estate assets acquired, it classifies them as Level 3 prices in the fair value hierarchy.   Depreciation is calculated on buildings and improvements using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from  seven  to  30  years. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are generally depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from  three  years (primarily computer-related equipment) to  seven  years. Income Taxes As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not believe that there will be any material changes in its unrecognized tax positions over the next 12 months. The Company is subject to examination by the respective taxing authorities for the tax years  2011  through  2013 . The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code for its tax year ended December 31, 1994 and has not revoked such election. A corporate REIT is a legal entity which holds real estate interests and can deduct from its federally taxable income  F-10 Table of Contents qualifying dividends it pays if it meets a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distribute at least  90%  of its adjusted taxable income to stockholders. Therefore, as a REIT the Company generally will not be subject to corporate level federal income tax on taxable income if it distributes  100%  of its taxable income over the time period allowed under the Code to its stockholders. The states in which the Company operates have similar tax provisions which recognize the Company as a REIT for state income tax purposes. Management believes that all such conditions for the avoidance of income taxes on ordinary income have been or will be met for the periods presented. Accordingly, no provision for federal and state income taxes has been made. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and to federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable income. The Company did not incur any charges or receive refunds of excise taxes related to the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities performed through taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS") is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. The Company incurred income tax expense of  $9,368,000  in 2014 associated with disposition activities transacted through a TRS. See Note 6, "Investments in Real Estate Entities" and Note 7, "Real Estate Disposition Activities," for further discussion.  No  taxes were incurred during  2013  or  2012 . The following reconciles net income attributable to common stockholders to taxable net income for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  (dollars in thousands):   2014 Estimate   2013 Actual   2012 Actual Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141   $ 423,869 GAAP gain on sale of communities (in excess of) less than tax gain 17,688   29,388   37,525 Depreciation/amortization timing differences on real estate 42,195   180,293   9,572 Deductible acquisition costs (7,681 )   (26,427 )   — Amortization of debt/mark to market interest (38,202 )   (31,965 )   — Tax compensation expense less than (in excess of) GAAP (6,789 )   12,886   (26,314 ) Casualty and impairment loss —   —   1,449 Other adjustments (39,726 )   1,018   (9,034 ) Taxable net income $ 651,052   $ 518,334   $ 437,067 The following summarizes the tax components of the Company's common dividends declared for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 :   2014   2013   2012 Ordinary income 62 %   42 %   47 % 20% capital gain (15% for 2012) 29 %   40 %   33 % Unrecaptured §1250 gain 9 %   18 %   20 % Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs include fees and other expenditures necessary to obtain debt financing and are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the shorter of the term of the loan or the related credit enhancement facility, if applicable. Unamortized financing costs are charged to earnings when debt is retired before the maturity date. Accumulated amortization of deferred financing costs was  $24,444,000  as of  December 31, 2014  and  $19,719,000  as of  December 31, 2013 . Cash, Cash Equivalents and Cash in Escrow Cash and cash equivalents include all cash and liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less from the date acquired. Cash in escrow includes principal reserve funds that are restricted for the repayment of specified secured financing. The majority of the Company's cash, cash equivalents and cash in escrow are held at major commercial banks. Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income, as reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, is defined as all changes in equity during each period except for those resulting from investments by or distributions to shareholders. Accumulated other comprehensive loss, as reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Equity, reflects the effective portion of the cumulative changes in the fair value of derivatives in qualifying cash flow hedge relationships. F-11 Table of Contents Earnings per Common Share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. All outstanding unvested restricted share awards contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends and participate in undistributed earnings with common shareholders and, accordingly, are considered participating securities that are included in the two-class method of computing basic earnings per share ("EPS"). Both the unvested restricted shares and other potentially dilutive common shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted basis. The Company's earnings per common share are determined as follows (dollars in thousands, except per share data):   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Basic and diluted shares outstanding           Weighted average common shares—basic 130,586,718   126,855,754   97,416,401 Weighted average DownREIT units outstanding 7,500   7,500   7,500 Effect of dilutive securities 643,284   402,649   601,251 Weighted average common shares—diluted 131,237,502   127,265,903   98,025,152             Calculation of Earnings per Share—basic           Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141   $ 423,869 Net income allocated to unvested restricted shares (1,523 )   (563 )   (1,264 ) Net income attributable to common stockholders, adjusted $ 682,044   $ 352,578   $ 422,605             Weighted average common shares—basic 130,586,718   126,855,754   97,416,401             Earnings per common share—basic $ 5.22   $ 2.78   $ 4.34             Calculation of Earnings per Share—diluted           Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,567   $ 353,141   $ 423,869 Add: noncontrolling interests of DownREIT unitholders in consolidated partnerships, including discontinued operations 35   32   28 Adjusted net income attributable to common stockholders $ 683,602   $ 353,173   $ 423,897             Weighted average common shares—diluted 131,237,502   127,265,903   98,025,152             Earnings per common share—diluted $ 5.21   $ 2.78   $ 4.32             Dividends per common share $ 4.64   $ 4.28   $ 3.88 Certain options to purchase shares of common stock in the amount of  605,899  and  396,346  were outstanding as of  December 31, 2013  and  2012 , respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because such options were anti-dilutive for the period. All options to purchase shares of common stock outstanding as of  December 31, 2014  are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. The Company is required to estimate the forfeiture of stock options and recognize compensation cost net of the estimated forfeitures. The estimated forfeitures included in compensation cost are adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures at the end of the vesting period. The forfeiture rate at  December 31, 2014  was  1.4%  and is based on the average forfeiture activity over a period equal to the estimated life of the stock options. The application of estimated forfeitures did not materially impact compensation expense for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . Abandoned Pursuit Costs, Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Casualty Loss The Company evaluates its real estate and other long-lived assets for impairment when potential indicators of impairment exist. Such assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization, unless the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable. If events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property may not be recoverable, the Company  F-12 Table of Contents assesses its recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the property to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying amount exceeds the aggregate undiscounted future cash flows, the Company recognizes an impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. Based on periodic tests of recoverability of long-lived assets, for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , the Company did not recognize any impairment losses for wholly-owned operating real estate assets. The Company capitalizes pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of new development opportunities for which the Company currently believes future development is probable ("Development Rights"). Future development of these Development Rights is dependent upon various factors, including zoning and regulatory approval, rental market conditions, construction costs and the availability of capital. Initial pre-development costs incurred for pursuits for which future development is not yet considered probable are expensed as incurred. In addition, if the status of a Development Right changes, making future development by the Company no longer probable, any capitalized pre-development costs are written off with a charge to expense. The Company expensed costs related to the abandonment of Development Rights as well as costs incurred in pursuing the acquisition of assets or costs incurred pursuing the disposition of assets for which such acquisition and disposition activity did not occur, in the amounts of  $3,964,000 ,  $998,000  and  $1,757,000  during the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. These costs are included in expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Abandoned pursuit costs can vary greatly, and the costs incurred in any given period may be significantly different in future periods. The Company evaluates its real estate and other long-lived assets for impairment if the intent of the Company changes with respect to either the development of, or the expected hold period for, the land. The Company did not recognize any impairment charges for land holdings in  2014 ,  2013  or  2012 . The Company also evaluates its unconsolidated investments for other than temporary impairment, considering both the extent and amount by which the carrying value of the investment exceeds the fair value, and the Company’s intent and ability to hold the investment to recover its carrying value. The Company also evaluates its proportionate share of any impairment of assets held by unconsolidated investments. There were  no  other than temporary impairment losses recognized by any of the Company's investments in unconsolidated entities during the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  or  2012 . During the year ended  December 31, 2012  the Company incurred damages related to Superstorm Sandy at certain of its communities on the East Coast, and recognized a charge of  $1,449,000  for the casualty loss associated with this damage on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The Company did not incur a casualty loss in  2014  or  2013 . A casualty loss may also result in lost operating income from one or more communities that is covered by the Company’s business interruption insurance policies.  The Company recognizes income for amounts received under its business interruption insurance policies as a component of rental and other income in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Revenue is recognized upon resolution of all contingencies related to the receipt, typically upon written confirmation by the insurer or receipt of the actual proceeds.  The Company recognized  $2,494,000  and  $299,000  in income related business interruption insurance proceeds for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. There were  no  business interruption insurance proceeds received in 2012. See Note 14, "Subsequent Events," for discussion of the fire at Avalon at Edgewater. Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations The Company presents the assets and liabilities of any communities which have been sold, or otherwise qualify as held for sale, separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the results of operations for those assets that meet the definition of discontinued operations are presented as such in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Held for sale and discontinued operations classifications are provided in both the current and prior periods presented. Real estate assets held for sale are measured at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less the cost to sell. Both the real estate assets and corresponding liabilities are presented separately in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Subsequent to classification of an asset as held for sale, no further depreciation is recorded. For those assets qualifying for classification as discontinued operations, the specific components of net income presented as discontinued operations include net operating income, depreciation expense and interest expense, net. For periods prior to the asset qualifying for discontinued operations, the Company reclassifies the results of operations to discontinued operations. In addition, the net gain or loss (including any impairment loss) on the eventual disposal of assets held for sale will be presented as discontinued operations when recognized. A change in presentation for held for sale or discontinued operations will not have any impact on the Company's financial condition or results of operations. The Company combines the operating, investing and financing portions of cash flows attributable to discontinued operations with the respective cash flows from continuing operations on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company ha d   one  operating community that qualified for held for sale presentation at  December 31, 2014 . Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests F-13 Table of Contents Redeemable noncontrolling interests are comprised of potential future obligations of the Company, which allow the investors holding the noncontrolling interest to require the Company to purchase their interest. The Company classifies obligations under the redeemable noncontrolling interests at fair value, with a corresponding offset for changes in the fair value recorded in accumulated earnings less dividends. Reductions in fair value are recorded only to the extent that the Company has previously recorded increases in fair value above the redeemable noncontrolling interest's initial basis. The redeemable noncontrolling interests are presented outside of permanent equity as settlement in shares of the Company's common stock shares, where permitted, may not be within the Company's control. The nature and valuation of the Company's redeemable noncontrolling interests are discussed further in Note 12, "Fair Value." Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities The Company enters into interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements (collectively, "Hedging Derivatives") for interest rate risk management purposes and in conjunction with certain variable rate secured debt to satisfy lender requirements. The Company does not enter into Hedging Derivative transactions for trading or other speculative purposes. The Company assesses the effectiveness of qualifying cash flow and fair value hedges, both at inception and on an on-going basis. Hedge ineffectiveness is reported as a component of general and administrative expenses. The fair values of Hedging Derivatives that are in an asset position are recorded in prepaid expenses and other assets. The fair value of Hedging Derivatives that are in a liability position are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. Other than the  $51,000,000  loss on interest rate contract recorded during 2013, fair value changes for derivatives that are not in qualifying hedge relationships are reported as a component of interest expense, net. For the Hedging Derivative positions that the Company has determined qualify as effective cash flow hedges, the Company has recorded the effective portion of cumulative changes in the fair value of the Hedging Derivatives in other comprehensive income. Amounts recorded in other comprehensive income will be reclassified into earnings in the periods in which earnings are affected by the hedged cash flow. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the Hedging Derivatives that the Company has determined qualified as effective fair value hedges is reported as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the corresponding debt being hedged.  See Note 12, "Fair Value," for further discussion of derivative financial instruments. Noncontrolling Interests Noncontrolling interests represent our joint venture partners' claims on consolidated investments where the Company owns less than a  100%  interest. The Company records these interests at their initial fair value, adjusting the basis prospectively for the joint venture partners' share of the respective consolidated investments' results of operations and applicable changes in ownership. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to amounts in prior years' financial statements to conform to current year presentations as a result of discontinued operations and changes in held for sale classification as described in Note 7, “Real Estate Disposition Activities.” Recently Adopted Accounting Standards In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("FASB") (ASU) 2014-08, guidance updating the accounting and reporting for discontinued operations. Under the recently issued guidance, only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations (e.g., a disposal of a major geographic area, a major line of business or a major equity method investment) will be presented as discontinued operations. Additionally, the final standard requires expanded disclosures about dispositions that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of discontinued operations, as well as disposals of a significant part of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. The final standard is effective in the first quarter of 2015 and allows for early adoption. The Company adopted the guidance as of January 1, 2014, as discussed in Note 7, “Real Estate Disposition Activities.” In May 2014, the FASB issued a revenue recognition standard that will result in companies recognizing revenue from contracts when control for the service or product that is the subject of the contract is transferred from the seller to the buyer. The Company will be required to apply the new standard in the first quarter of 2017 and is assessing whether the new standard will have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. F-14 Table of Contents 2.  Interest Capitalized The Company capitalizes interest during the development and redevelopment of real estate assets. Capitalized interest associated with the Company's development or redevelopment activities totaled  $69,961,000 ,  $66,838,000  and  $49,556,000  for years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. 3.  Notes Payable, Unsecured Notes and Credit Facility The Company's mortgage notes payable, unsecured notes, Term Loan and Credit Facility, both as defined below, as of  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013  are summarized below. The following amounts and discussion do not include the mortgage notes related to the communities classified as held for sale, if any, as of  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013 , as shown in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in thousands) (see Note 7, "Real Estate Disposition Activities").   12/31/14   12/31/13 Fixed rate unsecured notes (1) $ 2,750,000   $ 2,600,000 Term Loan 250,000   — Fixed rate mortgage notes payable—conventional and tax-exempt (2) 2,400,677   2,407,962 Variable rate mortgage notes payable—conventional and tax-exempt 1,047,461   1,011,609 Total notes payable and unsecured notes 6,448,138   6,019,571 Credit Facility —   — Total mortgage notes payable, unsecured notes and Credit Facility $ 6,448,138   $ 6,019,571 _________________________________ (1)  Balances at  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013  exclude  $6,735  and  $5,291 , respectively, of debt discount as reflected in unsecured notes, net on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. (2)  Balances at  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013  exclude  $84,449  and  $120,071 , respectively, of debt premium as reflected in mortgage notes payable on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following debt activity occurred during the year ended  December 31, 2014 : • In March 2014, the Company entered into a  $300,000,000  variable rate unsecured term loan that matures in March 2021 (the “Term Loan”).  At  December 31, 2014 , the Company had drawn  $250,000,000  of the available  $300,000,000 , with the option to draw the additional  $50,000,000  until March 2015. • In April 2014, in conjunction with certain requirements associated with the development of an apartment community, the Company entered into a  $53,000,000  secured mortgage loan maturing in 2019, with an option to extend the maturity to 2024. The mortgage is comprised of a  $15,000,000  fixed rate note with an interest rate of  2.99%  and a  $38,000,000  variable rate note at the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus  2.00% . • Pursuant to its scheduled maturity in April 2014, the Company repaid  $150,000,000  principal amount of unsecured notes with a stated coupon of  5.375% . • In June 2014, in conjunction with the disposition of an operating community, the Company repaid a fixed rate secured mortgage loan in the amount of  $10,427,000  with an interest rate of  6.19%  in advance of its November 2015 maturity date. In accordance with the requirements of the master credit agreement governing this and certain other secured borrowings, the Company repaid an additional  $5,914,000  principal amount of secured borrowings for eight other operating communities. The Company incurred a charge for early debt extinguishment of  $412,000 . • In November 2014, the Company issued  $300,000,000  principal amount of unsecured notes in a public offering under its existing shelf registration statement for net proceeds of approximately  $295,803,000 . The notes mature in  November 2024  and were issued at a stated coupon of  3.50% .  The Company has a  $1,300,000,000  revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "Credit Facility") which matures in April 2017. The Company has the option to extend the maturity by up to  one  year under  two ,  six  month extension options for an aggregate fee of  $1,950,000 . The Credit Facility bears interest at varying levels based on LIBOR, rating levels achieved on the unsecured notes and on a maturity schedule selected by the Company. The current stated pricing is  LIBOR  plus  1.05%  ( 1.22%  at  December 31, 2014 ), assuming a  one  month borrowing rate. The annual facility fee is approximately  $1,950,000  based on the  $1,300,000,000  facility size and based on the Company's current credit rating. F-15 Table of Contents The Company had  no  borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and had  $49,407,000  and  $65,018,000  outstanding in letters of credit that reduced the borrowing capacity as of  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013 , respectively. In the aggregate, secured notes payable mature at various dates from November 2015 through July 2066, and are secured by certain apartment communities (with a net carrying value of  $4,413,855,000 , excluding communities classified as held for sale, as of  December 31, 2014 ). As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company has guaranteed approximately  $257,917,000  of mortgage notes payable held by wholly-owned subsidiaries; all such mortgage notes payable are consolidated for financial reporting purposes. The weighted average interest rate of the Company's fixed rate mortgage notes payable (conventional and tax-exempt) was  4.5%  at both  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013 . The weighted average interest rate of the Company's variable rate mortgage notes payable (conventional and tax exempt), the Term Loan and its Credit Facility, including the effect of certain financing related fees, was  1.8%   at both  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013 . Scheduled payments and maturities of mortgage notes payable and unsecured notes outstanding at  December 31, 2014  are as follows (dollars in thousands): Year Secured notes payments   Secured notes maturities   Unsecured notes maturities   Stated interest rate of unsecured notes                 2015 $ 17,873   $ 586,705   $ —   — %                 2016 19,037   16,255   250,000   5.750 %                 2017 20,255   710,291   250,000   5.700 %                 2018 19,649   76,937   —   — %                 2019 7,141   658,447   —   — %                 2020 6,209   50,824   250,000   6.100 %           400,000   3.625 %                 2021 5,984   27,844   250,000   3.950 %           250,000   LIBOR + 1.450%                 2022 6,351   —   450,000   2.950 %                 2023 6,742   —   350,000   4.200 %         250,000   2.850 %                 2024 4,858   —   300,000   3.500 %                 Thereafter —   1,206,736   —   — %                   $ 114,099   $ 3,334,039   $ 3,000,000     The Company's unsecured notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, generally at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i)  100%  of their principal amount or (ii) the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted at a rate equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities with a comparable maturity plus a spread between  25  and  45  basis points depending on the specific series of unsecured notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. The indenture under which the Company's unsecured notes were issued contains limitations on the amount of debt the Company can incur or the amount of assets that can be used to secure other financing transactions, and other customary financial and other covenants, with which the Company was in compliance at  December 31, 2014 . F-16 Table of Contents 4.  Equity As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company's charter had authorized for issuance a total of  280,000,000  shares of common stock and  50,000,000  shares of preferred stock. During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , the Company: (i) issued  2,069,538  common shares through public offerings under CEP III, discussed below; (ii) issued  500,197  shares of common stock in connection with stock options exercised; (iii) issued  2,434  common shares through the Company's dividend reinvestment plan; (iv) issued  115,163  common shares in connection with stock grants and the conversion of restricted stock units to restricted shares; (v) withheld  55,523  common shares to satisfy employees' tax withholding and other liabilities; (vi) canceled  7,970  shares of restricted stock upon forfeiture; and (vii)  issued  9,848  shares through the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Any deferred compensation related to the Company’s stock option and restricted stock grants during the year ended  December 31, 2014  is not reflected on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of  December 31, 2014 , and will not be reflected until earned as compensation cost. In August 2012, the Company commenced a third continuous equity program ("CEP III"), under which the Company is authorized by its Board of Directors to sell up to  $750,000,000  of shares of its common stock from time to time during a  36 -month period. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company, including market conditions, the trading price of the Company's common stock and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. In conjunction with CEP III, the Company engaged sales agents who receive compensation of approximately  1.5%  of the gross sales price for shares sold. During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , the Company sold  2,069,538  shares at an average sales price of  $144.95  per share, for net proceeds of  $295,465,000 . As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had  $346,304,000  of shares remaining authorized for issuance under this program. On September 9, 2014, based on a market closing price of  $155.83  per share on that date, the Company entered into a forward contract to sell  4,500,000  shares of common stock for an initial forward price of  $151.74  per share, net of offering fees and discounts (the "Forward"). The sales price and proceeds achieved by the Company will be determined on the date or dates of settlement, with adjustments during the term of the contract for the Company’s dividends as well as for a daily interest factor that varies with changes in the Fed Funds rate. The Company generally has the ability to determine the date(s) and method of settlement, subject to certain conditions and the right of the Forward counterparty to accelerate settlement under certain circumstances. Settlement may be (i) physical sale of shares of our common stock for cash, (ii) net cash settlement, whereby the Company will either pay or receive the difference between the forward contract price and the weighted average market price for its common stock at the time of settlement, or (iii) net share settlement, whereby the Company will either receive or issue shares of its common stock, with the number of shares issued or received determined by the difference between the Forward price and the weighted average market price for its common stock at the time of settlement. The Forward price and the weighted average market price would in both cases by determined under the applicable terms of the Forward.  Under either of the net settlement provisions, the Company will pay to the counterparty either cash or shares of its common stock when the weighted average market price of its common stock at the time of settlement exceeds the Forward price, and will receive either cash or issue shares of its common stock to the extent that the weighted average market price of its common stock at the time of settlement is less than the price under the Forward. Settlement of the Forward will occur on one or more dates not later than September 8, 2015. The Company accounts for the Forward as equity. Before the issuance of shares of the Company’s common stock, if any, upon physical or net share settlement of the Forward, the Company expects that the shares issuable upon settlement of the Forward will be reflected in its diluted earnings per share calculations using the treasury stock method. Under this method, the number of shares of the Company’s common stock used in calculating diluted earnings per share is deemed to be increased by the excess, if any, of the number of shares of common stock that would be issued upon full physical settlement of the Forward over the number of shares of common stock that could be purchased by the Company in the market (based on the average market price during the period) using the proceeds receivable upon full physical settlement (based on the adjusted forward sale price at the end of the reporting period). If and when the Company physically or net share settles the Forward, the delivery of shares of our common stock would result in an increase in the number of shares outstanding and dilution to our earnings per share. F-17 Table of Contents 5.  Archstone Acquisition On February 27, 2013, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) dated November 26, 2012, by and among the Company, Equity Residential and its operating partnership, ERP Operating Limited Partnership (together, “Equity Residential”), Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. (“Lehman,” which term is sometimes used in this report to refer to Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc., and/or its relevant subsidiary or subsidiaries), and Archstone Enterprise LP (“Archstone,” which has since changed its name to Jupiter Enterprise LP), the Company, together with Equity Residential, acquired, directly or indirectly, all of Archstone’s assets, including all of the ownership interests in joint ventures and other entities owned by Archstone, and assumed Archstone’s liabilities, both known and unknown, with certain limited exceptions. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired approximately  40.0%  of Archstone's assets and liabilities and Equity Residential acquired approximately  60.0%  of Archstone’s assets and liabilities (the “Archstone Acquisition”). The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination and recorded the purchase price to acquired tangible assets consisting primarily of direct and indirect interests in land and related improvements, buildings and improvements and construction in progress and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting primarily of the value of above and below market leases, the value of in-places leases and acquired management fees, at their fair values. The following table summarizes the Company's final purchase price allocation:   Acquisition Date Fair Value   (dollars in thousands) Land and land improvements $ 1,745,520 Buildings and improvements 3,711,853 FF&E 52,290 Construction-in-progress, including land and land held for development (1) 401,747 In-place lease intangibles 182,467 Other assets 109,717 Total consolidated assets 6,203,594 Interest in unconsolidated real estate entities 276,954 Total assets 6,480,548     Fair value of assumed mortgage notes payable 3,732,980 Liability for preferred obligations 67,493 Other liabilities 31,984 Noncontrolling interest 13,262 Net assets acquired 2,634,829 Common shares issued 1,875,210 Cash consideration $ 759,619 _________________________________ (1)  Includes amounts for in-place leases for development communities. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recognized  $83,594,000  in acquisition related expenses associated with the Archstone Acquisition, with  $39,543,000  reported as a component of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities, and the balance in expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries, on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Consideration Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and separate arrangements between the Company and Equity Residential governing the allocation of liabilities assumed under the Purchase Agreement, the Company's portion of consideration under the Purchase Agreement consisted of the following: • the issuance of  14,889,706  shares of the Company's common stock, valued at  $1,875,210,000  as of the market's close on the closing date, February 27, 2013; • cash payment of approximately  $760,000,000 ; F-18 Table of Contents • the assumption of consolidated indebtedness with a fair value of approximately  $3,732,980,000 , as of February 27, 2013, consisting of  $3,512,202,000  principal amount of consolidated indebtedness and  $220,777,000  representing the amount by which fair value of the aforementioned debt exceeds the principal face value,  $70,479,000  of which excess related to debt the Company repaid concurrent with the Archstone Acquisition; • the acquisition with Equity Residential of interests in entities that have preferred units outstanding, some of which may be presented for redemption from time to time. The Company's  40%  share of the fair value of the collective obligations, including accrued dividends on these outstanding Archstone preferred units as of February 27, 2013, was approximately  $67,500,000 ; and • the assumption with Equity Residential of all other liabilities, known or unknown, of Archstone, other than certain excluded liabilities. The Company shares  40%  of the responsibility for these liabilities. The following table presents information for assets acquired in the Archstone Acquisition that is included in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income from the closing date of the acquisition, February 27, 2013, through December 31, 2013 (in thousands).   For the period including February 28, 2013 through December 31, 2013 Revenues $ 353,427 Loss attributable to common shareholders (1) $ (105,589 ) _________________________________ (1)  Amounts exclude acquisition costs for the Archstone Acquisition. Pro Forma Information The following table presents the Company's supplemental consolidated pro forma information as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2012 (in thousands, except per share amounts):   For the year ended December 31, 2013   For the year ended December 31, 2012 Revenues $ 1,534,868   $ 1,411,504 Income from continuing operations $ 348,160   $ 158,738 Earnings per common share—diluted (from continuing operations) $ 2.67   $ 1.22 The pro forma consolidated results are prepared for informational purposes only, and are based on assumptions and estimates considered appropriate by the Company's management. However, they are not necessarily indicative of what the Company's consolidated financial condition or results of operations actually would have been assuming the Archstone Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2012, nor do they purport to represent the consolidated financial position or results of operations for future periods. 6.  Investments in Real Estate Entities Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated real estate entities under the equity method of accounting, except as otherwise noted below, as discussed in Note 1, "Organization and Basis of Presentation," under  Principles of Consolidation . The significant accounting policies of the Company's unconsolidated real estate entities are consistent with those of the Company in all material respects.   As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had investments in the following real estate entities: • AvalonBay Value Added Fund, LP ("Fund I") —In March 2005, the Company formed Fund I, a private, discretionary real estate investment vehicle, which acquired and operated communities in the Company's markets. Fund I served as the principal vehicle through which the Company acquired investments in apartment communities, subject to certain exceptions, until March 2008. Fund I has a term that expires in March 2015, after having exercised  two   one -year extension options. During 2014, Fund I sold its final  four  apartment communities. Fund I has  nine  institutional investors, including the Company.  A significant portion of the investments made in Fund I by its investors were made through AvalonBay Value Added Fund, Inc., a Maryland corporation that qualifies as a REIT under the Code (the "Fund I REIT"). A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company is the general partner of Fund I, has a  15.2%  combined general partner and limited partner equity interest, and  F-19 Table of Contents has fully recovered its basis as of  December 31, 2014 , with any additional liquidation proceeds to be recognized in earnings as received. During the period which Fund I was invested in apartment communities, the Company received asset management fees, property management fees and redevelopment fees. During  2014 , Fund I sold its final  four  communities: • Weymouth Place, located in Weymouth, MA, for  $25,750,000 ; • South Hills Apartments, located in West Covina, CA, for  $21,800,000 ; • The Springs, located in Corona, CA, for  $43,200,000 ; and • Avalon Rutherford Station, located in East Rutherford, NJ, for  $34,250,000 . The Company's proportionate share of the gain in accordance with GAAP recognized on the sale of these  four  communities was  $3,317,000 . The net assets and results of operations of The Springs were consolidated for financial reporting purposes. As a result,  100%  of the gain recognized of  $16,656,000  is included in gain on sale of communities in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, and the Company's joint venture partners'  84.8%  interest in this gain of  $14,132,000  is reported as a component of net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. Concurrent with the disposition of The Springs, Fund I repaid its obligation to the Company under a fixed rate secured mortgage loan in the amount of  $21,748,000  with an interest rate of  6.06%  in advance of its October 2014 maturity date. Upon repayment the Company deconsolidated the net assets of The Springs. In conjunction with the disposition of these communities, Fund I repaid  $43,771,000  of related secured indebtedness in advance of the scheduled maturity dates. This resulted in a charge for a prepayment penalty, of which the Company’s portion was  $328,000  and was reported as a reduction of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  • AvalonBay Value Added Fund II, LP ("Fund II") —In September 2008, the Company formed Fund II, a private, discretionary real estate investment vehicle which acquired and operates communities in the Company's markets. Fund II served as the exclusive vehicle through which the Company acquired investment interests in apartment communities, subject to certain exceptions, through the close of its investment period in August 2011. Fund II has  six  institutional investors, including the Company. One of the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries is the general partner of Fund II and at  December 31, 2014 , excluding costs incurred in excess of equity in the underlying net assets of Fund II, the Company has an equity investment of  $92,162,000  (net of distributions), representing a  31.3%  combined general partner and limited partner equity interest. During  2014 , Fund II sold  two  communities: • Avalon Fair Oaks, located in Fairfax, VA, for  $108,200,000  and • Avalon Bellevue Park, located in Bellevue, WA, for  $58,750,000 . The Company's proportionate share of the gain in accordance with GAAP for the  two  dispositions was  $21,624,000 . In conjunction with the disposition of these communities, Fund II repaid  $63,407,000  of related secured indebtedness in advance of the scheduled maturity dates. This resulted in charges for prepayment penalties, of which the Company’s portion was  $1,364,000  and was reported as a reduction of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. In addition, during  2014 , Fund II repaid an outstanding mortgage note at par in the amount of  $42,023,000 . Subsidiaries of Fund II have  10  loans secured by individual assets with aggregate amounts outstanding of  $358,811,000 , with maturity dates that vary from January 2016 to September 2019. The mortgage loans are payable by the subsidiaries of Fund II from operating cash flow or disposition proceeds from the underlying real estate. The Company has not guaranteed repayment of this debt, nor does the Company have any obligation to fund this debt should Fund II be unable to do so. In addition, as part of the formation of Fund II, the Company provided to one of the limited partners a guarantee. The guarantee provides that if, upon final liquidation of Fund II, the total amount of all distributions to that partner during the life of Fund II (whether from operating cash flow or property sales) does not equal a minimum of the total capital contributions made by that partner, then the Company will pay the partner an amount equal to the shortfall, but in no event more than  10%  of the total capital contributions made by the partner (maximum of approximately  $8,910,000  as of  December 31, 2014 ). Under the expected Fund II liquidation scenario, as of  December 31, 2014  the expected realizable value of the real estate assets owned by Fund II is considered adequate to avoid payment under such guarantee to that partner. The estimated  F-20 Table of Contents fair value of, and the Company's obligation under, this guarantee, both at inception and as of  December 31, 2014 , was not significant and therefore the Company has not recorded any obligation for this guarantee as of  December 31, 2014 . • Archstone Multifamily Partners AC LP (the "U.S. Fund") —The U.S. Fund was formed in July 2011 and is fully invested. The U.S. Fund has a term that expires in July 2023, assuming the exercise of  two ,  one -year extension options.  The U.S. Fund has  six  institutional investors, including the Company. The Company is the general partner of the U.S. Fund and, at  December 31, 2014  excluding costs incurred in excess of equity in the underlying net assets of the U.S. Fund, the Company has an equity investment of  $88,220,000  (net of distributions), representing a  28.6%  combined general partner and limited partner equity interest. The Company acquired its interest in the U.S. Fund as part of the Archstone Acquisition. Subsidiaries of the U.S. Fund have  nine  loans secured by individual assets with amounts outstanding in the aggregate of  $327,880,000  with varying maturity dates, ranging from January 2019 to November 2022. The mortgage loans are payable by the subsidiaries of the U.S. Fund with operating cash flow or disposition proceeds from the underlying real estate. The Company has not guaranteed the debt of the U.S. Fund, nor does the Company have any obligation to fund this debt should the U.S. Fund be unable to do so. • Multifamily Partners AC JV LP (the "AC JV") —The AC JV is a joint venture that was formed in 2011 and has  four  institutional investors, including the Company. Excluding costs incurred in excess of equity in the underlying net assets of the AC JV, at  December 31, 2014  the Company has an equity investment of  $69,633,000  (net of distributions), representing a  20.0%  equity interest. The Company acquired its interest in the AC JV as part of the Archstone Acquisition. The AC JV partnership agreement contains provisions that require the Company to provide a right of first offer ("ROFO") to the AC JV in connection with additional opportunities to acquire or develop additional interests in multifamily real estate assets within a specified geographic radius of the existing assets, generally  one  mile or less. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company provided the AC JV with the opportunity to acquire a parcel of land owned by the Company as required in the right of first offer provisions for the joint venture. The AC JV exercised its right to acquire the land parcel for development and during the year ended  December 31, 2014 , completed construction of an additional apartment community located in Cambridge, MA, containing  103  apartment homes. The Company sold the parcel of land to the AC JV in exchange for a cash payment and a capital account credit, and it supervised the development in exchange for a developer fee. The Company owns one additional land parcel for the development of  301  apartment homes, classified as a Development Right in Cambridge, MA, acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition, that is subject to ROFO restrictions. The ROFO restriction expires in 2019. As of  December 31, 2014 , subsidiaries of the AC JV have  eight  unsecured loans outstanding in the aggregate of  $162,300,000  which mature in August 2021, and which were made by the investors in the venture, including the Company, in proportion to the investors' respective equity ownership interest. The unsecured loans are payable by the subsidiaries of the AC JV with operating cash flow from the venture. The Company has not guaranteed the debt of the AC JV, nor does the Company have any obligation to fund this debt should the AC JV be unable to do so. • CVP I, LLC— In February 2004, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with an unrelated third-party for the development of Avalon Chrystie Place, a  361  apartment home community located in New York, New York, for which construction was completed in 2005. The Company holds a  20.0%  equity interest in the venture (with a right to  50.0%  of distributions after achievement of a threshold return, which was achieved in  2013  and  2014 ). The Company is the managing member of CVP I, LLC, however, property management services at the community were performed by an unrelated third party. During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , CVP I, LLC sold Avalon Chrystie Place for  $365,000,000 . The Company's share of the gain in accordance with GAAP for the disposition was  $50,478,000 . In addition, the Company earned  $58,128,000  for its promoted interest in CVP I, LLC, reported in equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. In conjunction with the disposition of Chrystie Place, CVP I, LLC repaid  $117,000,000  of related secured indebtedness in advance of the scheduled maturity date. This resulted in a charge for a prepayment penalty and a write off of deferred financing costs, of which the Company’s portion was  $647,000  and was reported as a reduction of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  • MVP I, LLC —In December 2004, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with an unrelated third-party for the development of Avalon at Mission Bay North II. Construction of Avalon at Mission Bay North II, a  313  apartment-home community located in San Francisco, California, was completed in December 2006. The Company holds a  25.0%  equity interest in the venture (with a right to  45.0%  of distributions after achievement of a threshold return, which was achieved in 2014 and 2013). See Note 14, "Subsequent Events," for further discussion of the Company's promoted interest. The  F-21 Table of Contents Company is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the community and is the management agent subject to the terms of a management agreement. In December 2007, MVP I, LLC executed a fixed rate conventional loan which is secured by the underlying real estate assets of the community, for  $105,000,000 . In December 2014, the loan converted to a variable rate, interest-only loan through the final maturity in December 2015, bearing interest at  LIBOR  plus  2.50% . The Company has not guaranteed the debt of MVP I, LLC, nor does the Company have any obligation to fund this debt should MVP I, LLC be unable to do so. • Brandywine Apartments of Maryland, LLC ("Brandywine") —Brandywine owns a  305  apartment home community located in Washington, DC. The community is managed by a third party. Brandywine is comprised of  five  members who hold various interests in the joint venture. In conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition, the Company acquired a  26.1%  equity interest in the venture, and subsequently purchased an additional  2.6%  interest, and as of  December 31, 2014 , holds a  28.7%  equity interest in the venture. Brandywine has an outstanding  $24,346,000  fixed rate mortgage loan that is payable by the venture. The Company has not guaranteed the debt of Brandywine, nor does the Company have any obligation to fund this debt should Brandywine be unable to do so. • Arna Valley View LP —In connection with the municipal approval process to develop a consolidated community, the Company entered into a limited partnership in February 1999 to develop, finance, own and operate Arna Valley View, a  101  apartment-home community in Arlington, Virginia.  During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , the limited partnership that owned Arna Valley View sold the apartment community.  In conjunction with the sale of Arna Valley View, the Company received amounts due for its residual ownership interest of approximately  $2,406,000 , reported as a component of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities on its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. In conjunction with the disposition of the community, the venture repaid  $8,934,000  of related secured indebtedness in advance of the scheduled maturity date. • Residual JV —Through subsidiaries, the Company and Equity Residential entered into three limited liability company agreements (collectively, the “Residual JV”) through which the Company and Equity Residential acquired (i) certain assets of Archstone that the Company and Equity Residential plan to divest (to third parties or to the Company or Equity Residential) over time (the “Residual Assets”), and (ii) various liabilities of Archstone that the Company and Equity Residential agreed to assume in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition (the “Residual Liabilities”).  The Residual Assets currently include a  20.0%  interest in Lake Mendota Investments, LLC and Subsidiaries ("SWIB"), a joint venture which currently owns and manages  four  apartment communities with  1,410  apartment homes in the United States, which is secured by outstanding borrowings in the amount of  $148,866,000   with varying maturity dates, ranging from December 2015 to December 2029;  two  land parcels; and various licenses, insurance policies, contracts, office leases and other miscellaneous assets. The Residual Liabilities include most existing or future litigation and claims related to Archstone’s operations for periods before the close of the Archstone Acquisition, except for (i) claims that principally relate to the physical condition of the assets acquired directly by the Company or Equity Residential, which generally remain the sole responsibility of the Company or Equity Residential, as applicable, and (ii) certain tax and other litigation between Archstone and various equity holders in Archstone related to periods before the close of the Archstone Acquisition, and claims which may arise due to changes in the capital structure of Archstone that occurred prior to closing, for which Lehman has agreed to indemnify the Company and Equity Residential. The Company and Equity Residential jointly control the Residual JV and the Company holds a  40.0%  economic interest in the assets and liabilities of the Residual JV. The Company has not guaranteed the debt of SWIB, nor does the Company have any obligation to fund this debt should SWIB be unable to do so. During  2014 , SWIB sold  two  communities containing  492  apartment homes, for an aggregate sales price of  $76,250,000 . The Company's proportionate share of the gain in accordance with GAAP for the  two  dispositions was  $779,000 . In conjunction with the disposition of these communities, SWIB repaid  $38,155,000  of related indebtedness on its credit facility in advance of the scheduled maturity dates.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Residual JV completed the disposition of substantially all of its direct and indirect interests in German multifamily real estate assets and the associated property management company. The Company’s proportionate share of income from the Residual JV (including from gains from dispositions) from its interests in German multifamily real estate assets, which were owned through a TRS, was  $8,510,000  for the year ended  December 31, 2014 , recorded as a component of equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated real estate entities in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The Company incurred income taxes related to these dispositions. The Company received proceeds of  $53,052,000  during the year ended  December 31, 2014  from the Residual JV, for its proportionate share of the proceeds from operations and the dispositions of the venture's interest in German multifamily real estate assets. F-22 Table of Contents The following is a combined summary of the financial position of the entities accounted for using the equity method as of the dates presented, excluding amounts associated with the Residual JV (dollars in thousands):   12/31/14   12/31/13 Assets:       Real estate, net $ 1,617,627   $ 1,905,005 Other assets 72,290   164,183 Total assets $ 1,689,917   $ 2,069,188 Liabilities and partners' capital:       Mortgage notes payable and credit facility $ 980,128   $ 1,251,067 Other liabilities 24,884   32,257 Partners' capital 684,905   785,864 Total liabilities and partners' capital $ 1,689,917   $ 2,069,188 The following is a combined summary of the operating results of the entities accounted for using the equity method, for the years presented, excluding amounts associated with the Residual JV (dollars in thousands):   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Rental and other income $ 198,939   $ 212,994   $ 172,076 Operating and other expenses (80,301 )   (86,434 )   (73,955 ) Gain on sale of real estate (1) 333,221   96,152   106,195 Interest expense, net (61,458 )   (61,404 )   (53,904 ) Depreciation expense (52,116 )   (61,002 )   (47,748 ) Net income $ 338,285   $ 100,306   $ 102,664 _________________________________ (1) Amount for the year ended  December 31, 2012  includes  $44,700  of gain recognized by the joint venture associated with the Company's acquisition of Avalon Del Rey from its joint venture partner. In conjunction with the formation of Fund I and Fund II, the Company incurred costs in excess of its equity in the underlying net assets of the respective investments. These costs represent  $3,880,000  at  December 31, 2014  and  $5,439,000  at  December 31, 2013  of the respective investment balances. The following is a summary of the Company's equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities for the years presented (dollars in thousands):   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Fund I (1) $ 475   $ 10,924   $ 7,041 Fund II (2) 24,808   6,206   2,130 U.S. Fund (3) 342   (661 )   — AC JV (3) 1,579   2,569   — CVP I, LLC (4) 113,127   5,783   5,394 MVP I, LLC (5) 1,651   1,137   493 Brandywine (3) 828   661   — Arna Valley View LP (6) 2,406   —   — Residual JV (3) (7) 3,547   (38,332 )   — Avalon Del Rey, LLC (8) —   181   4,000 Juanita Village (6) 3   378   1,856 Total $ 148,766   $ (11,154 )   $ 20,914 F-23 Table of Contents _________________________________ (1) Equity in income for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  includes the Company's proportionate share of the gain on the sale of Fund I assets of  $944 ,  $11,484  and  $7,971 , respectively. (2)  Equity in income for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013  includes the Company's proportionate share of the gain on the sale of Fund II assets of  $21,624  and  $2,790 , respectively. (3)  The Company's joint venture partner's interest was acquired in conjunction with the Archstone Acquisition. (4) Equity in income for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  includes  $61,218 ,  $5,527  and  $5,260 , respectively, relating to the Company's recognition of its promoted interest. Amount for 2014 also includes  $50,478  related to the disposition of Avalon Chrystie Place. (5)  Equity in income for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013  includes  $930  and  $516  relating to the Company's recognition of its promoted interest.  (6) The Company's equity in income for this entity represents its residual profits from the sale of the community. (7)  Equity in income from this entity for  2013  includes certain expensed Archstone Acquisition costs borne by the venture. (8)  During 2012, the Company purchased its joint venture partner's interest in this venture. Investments in Consolidated Real Estate Entities In December 2014, the Company acquired Avalon Mission Oaks, located in Camarillo, CA. Avalon Mission Oaks contains  160  apartment homes and was acquired for a purchase price of  $47,000,000 .  The Company accounted for this acquisition as a business combination and recorded the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including identifiable intangibles, at their fair values. The Company looked to third party pricing or internal models for the values of the land, and an internal model to determine the fair values of the real estate assets and in-place leases. Given the heterogeneous nature of multifamily real estate, the fair values for the land, real estate assets and in-place leases incorporated significant unobservable inputs and therefore are considered to be Level 3 prices within the fair value hierarchy. The Company expenses transaction costs associated with acquisition activity as they are incurred. To the extent the Company receives amounts related to acquired communities for periods prior to their acquisition, the Company reports these receipts, net with expensed acquisition costs. In 2014, the Company received amounts related to communities acquired in the Archstone Acquisition, for periods prior to the Company’s ownership, in excess of acquisition costs incurred, resulting in a net recovery of  $7,681,000 . These amounts are primarily comprised of property tax and mortgage insurance refunds. Expensed transaction costs associated with the acquisitions made by the Company in  2013  and  2012 , including those for the Archstone Acquisition, totaled  $44,052,000  and  $9,593,000 , respectively. These amounts are reported as a component of expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , the Company entered into a joint venture to acquire a land parcel and construct a mixed use building that will contain rental apartments, for-sale residential condominium units and related common elements. The Company will own a  70%  interest in the venture and have all of the rights and obligations associated with the rental apartments, and the venture partner will own the remaining  30%  interest and have all of the rights and obligations associated with the for-sale condominium units. The Company will share responsibility for the development and oversee construction of the structure. Upon formation of the venture, the Company and its venture partner made capital contributions, with costs incurred subsequent to the initial contributions to be funded through a loan provided by the Company. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company's aggregate investment in the venture is  $11,161,000  and is reported as a component of land held for development on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had provided funding for the venture partner’s share of costs in the amount of  $5,354,000  reported as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, recognizing interest income as earned as a component of interest expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The loan provided to the venture partner will be repaid with the proceeds received from the sale of the residential condominium units. The venture is considered a variable interest entity, and the Company will consolidate its interest in the rental apartments and common areas, and account for the for-sale component of the venture as an unconsolidated investment. F-24 Table of Contents 7.  Real Estate Disposition Activities During  2014 , the Company sold  four  wholly-owned communities, containing an aggregate of  1,337  apartment homes for an aggregate gross sales price of  $296,200,000  and an aggregate pre-tax gain in accordance with GAAP of  $106,138,000 .  One  of the communities sold in 2014 was owned through a TRS, resulting in the Company incurring income taxes related to this disposition. In addition, during  2014 , the Company sold a land parcel in Huntington Station, NY for  $8,050,000 , resulting in a gain in accordance with GAAP of  $490,000 . Details regarding the real estate sales are summarized in the following table (dollars in thousands): Community Name Location   Period of sale   Apartment homes   Debt    Gross sales price   Net proceeds Avalon Valley Danbury, CT   Q114   268   $ —   $ 53,325   $ 52,147 Oakwood Philadelphia Philadelphia, PA   Q214   80   16,341 (1) 28,875   10,932 Avalon Danvers Danvers, MA   Q214   433   —   108,500   107,231 Archstone Memorial Heights Houston, TX   Q414   556   —   105,500   103,182 Huntington Station Land Huntington Station, NY   Q414   —   —   8,050   7,633                         Total of 2014 asset sales         1,337   $ 16,341   $ 304,250   $ 281,125                         Total of 2013 asset sales (2)         3,299   $ —   $ 932,800   $ 919,442                         Total of 2012 asset sales         1,578   $ —   $ 280,550   $ 274,018 _________________________________ (1)  Amount includes  $10,427  principal amount secured by Oakwood Philadelphia and  $5,914  principal amount of secured borrowings repaid by the Company for  eight  other operating communities, the aggregate of which is included in determining net proceeds. (2) Total of 2013 asset sales excludes the disposition of development rights located in Hingham, MA and Brooklyn, NY, for total net proceeds of  $1,313 . During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , Fund I sold The Springs, which was consolidated for financial reporting purposes, as discussed in Note 6, "Investments in Real Estate Entities." As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company   had   one   community that qualified as held for sale.  The results of operations for Oakwood Philadelphia, Avalon Danvers and Archstone Memorial Heights are included in income from continuing operations on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The operations for any real estate assets sold from January 1,  2012  through  December 31, 2014  (which includes Avalon Valley) and which were classified as held for sale and discontinued operations as of and for periods prior to December 31, 2013, and thus not subject to the new guidance for discontinued operations presentation and disclosure, as discussed in Note 1, “Organization, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies,” have been presented as income from discontinued operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Accordingly, certain reclassifications have been made to prior years to reflect discontinued operations consistent with current year presentation. The following is a summary of income from discontinued operations for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Rental income $ 579   $ 42,874   $ 63,406 Operating and other expenses (269 )   (12,661 )   (19,437 ) Interest expense, net —   —   (133 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt —   —   (602 ) Depreciation expense —   (13,500 )   (16,414 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations $ 310   $ 16,713   $ 26,820 F-25 Table of Contents 8.  Commitments and Contingencies Employment Agreements and Arrangements As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company has employment agreements with  two  executive officers which expire on December 31, 2015. Under the employment agreements, if the Company terminates the executive without cause the executive will be entitled to a multiple of his covered compensation, which is defined as base salary plus annual cash bonus. For  one  of the executives, the multiple is  two  times ( three  if the termination is in connection with a sale of the Company) and for the other executive the multiple is  one  time ( two  if the termination is in connection with a sale of the Company). The employment agreements generally provide that it would be considered a termination without cause if the executive's title or role is reduced except as permitted by the agreement. The agreements provide, as do the standard restricted stock and option agreements used by the Company for its compensation programs, that upon a termination without cause the executive's restricted stock and options will vest. The standard restricted stock and option agreements used by the Company in its compensation program provide that upon an employee's termination without cause or the employee's Retirement (as defined in the agreement), all outstanding stock options and restricted shares of stock held by the employee will vest, and the employee will have up to  12  months to exercise any options then held. Under the agreements, Retirement generally means a termination of employment and other business relationships, other than for cause, after attainment of age  50 , provided that (i) the employee has worked for the Company for at least  10  years, (ii) the employee's age at Retirement plus years of employment with the Company equals at least  70 , (iii) the employee provides at least  six  months written notice of his intent to retire, and (iv) the employee enters into a  one  year non-compete and employee non-solicitation agreement. The Company also has an Officer Severance Program (the "Program"), which applies only in connection with a sale of the Company for the benefit of those officers of the Company who do not have employment agreements. Under the Program, in the event an officer who is not otherwise covered by a severance arrangement is terminated (other than for cause), or the officer chooses to terminate his or her employment for good reason (as defined), in either case within  18  months following a sale event (as defined) of the Company, such officer will generally receive a cash lump sum payment equal to a multiple of the officer's covered compensation (base salary plus annual cash bonus). The multiple is  one  times for vice presidents and senior vice presidents, and  two  times for executive vice presidents. The officer's restricted stock and options would also vest. Costs related to the Company's employment agreements and the Program are deferred and recognized over the requisite service period when considered by management to be probable and estimable. Legal Contingencies The Company accounts for recoveries from legal matters as a reduction in the legal and related costs incurred associated with the matter, with recoveries in excess of these costs reported as a gain or, where appropriate, a reduction in the basis of a community to which the suit related. During the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2012 , the Company received  $1,933,000  and  $775,000 , respectively, in legal recoveries. There were  no  material receipts during the year ended December 31,  2013 . See Note 14, "Subsequent Events," for a discussion of the Edgewater fire that occurred in January 2015 and related lawsuits and contingencies. In addition, the Company is subject to various other legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters are frequently covered by insurance. If it has been determined that a loss is probable to occur and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated amount of the loss is recorded in the financial statements. While the resolution of these other matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management currently believes the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. In instances where the Company has a gain contingency associated with legal proceedings, the Company records a gain in the financial statements, to the extent of a loss recovery, when it is deemed probable to occur, can be reasonably estimated and is considered to be collectible. Lease Obligations The Company owns  12  apartment communities,  two  communities under development and  two  commercial properties, which are located on land subject to land leases expiring between October 2026 and March 2142, of which  14  are accounted for as operating leases recognizing rental expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. These leases have varying escalation terms, and  four  of these leases have purchase options exercisable through 2095. The Company incurred costs of  $21,664,000 ,  $17,996,000  and  $17,604,000  in the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, related to operating leases.  One  Development Community and  one  apartment community that completed construction during 2014 are located on land subject to a land lease, which are accounted for as capital leases, with a lease obligation of  $34,268,000  reported as a component of accrued expenses and other liabilities. Each of these leases have options for the Company to purchase the land at some point during the lease terms which expire in 2046 and 2086. F-26 Table of Contents The following table details the future minimum lease payments under the Company's current leases (dollars in thousands):   Payments due by period   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   Thereafter Operating Lease Obligations $ 20,337   $ 20,933   $ 20,531   $ 22,339   $ 20,717   $ 1,227,854 Capital Lease Obligations (1) (2) 1,885   19,083   848   848   848   39,087   $ 22,222   $ 40,016   $ 21,379   $ 23,187   $ 21,565   $ 1,266,941 _________________________________ (1)  Aggregate capital lease payments include  $28,318  in interest costs. (2) At  December 31, 2014 , capital lease assets of  $31,784  are included as a component of land and improvements on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 9.  Segment Reporting The Company's reportable operating segments include Established Communities, Other Stabilized Communities and Development/Redevelopment Communities. Annually as of January 1 st , the Company determines which of its communities fall into each of these categories and generally maintains that classification throughout the year for the purpose of reporting segment operations, unless disposition or redevelopment plans regarding a community change.   • Established Communities (also known as Same Store Communities) are consolidated communities where a comparison of operating results from the prior year to the current year period is meaningful, as these communities were owned and had stabilized occupancy and operating expenses as of the beginning of the prior year period. The Established Communities for the year ended  December 31, 2014 , are communities that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, had stabilized occupancy as of January 1,  2013 , are not conducting or planning to conduct substantial redevelopment activities and are not held for sale or planned for disposition within the current year period. A community is considered to have stabilized occupancy at the earlier of (i) attainment of  95%  physical occupancy or (ii) the  one -year anniversary of completion of development or redevelopment. • Other Stabilized Communities includes all other completed communities that have stabilized occupancy, as defined above. Other Stabilized Communities do not include communities that are conducting or planning to conduct substantial redevelopment activities within the current year. Other Stabilized Communities for the year ended  December 31, 2014  include the stabilized operating communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition. • Development/Redevelopment Communities consists of communities that are under construction and have not received a certificate of occupancy for the entire community, and where substantial redevelopment is in progress or is planned to begin during the current year and communities under lease-up that had not reached stabilized occupancy, as defined above, as of January 1,  2014 . In addition, the Company owns land for future development and has other corporate assets that are not allocated to an operating segment. The Company's segment disclosures present the measure(s) used by the chief operating decision maker for purposes of assessing each segment's performance. The Company's chief operating decision maker is comprised of several members of its executive management team who use net operating income ("NOI") as the primary financial measure for Established Communities and Other Stabilized Communities. NOI is defined by the Company as total revenue less direct property operating expenses. Although the Company considers NOI a useful measure of a community's or communities' operating performance, NOI should not be considered an alternative to net income or net cash flow from operating activities, as determined in accordance with GAAP. NOI excludes a number of income and expense categories as detailed in the reconciliation of NOI to net income. A reconciliation of NOI to net income for years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  is as follows (dollars in thousands): F-27 Table of Contents   For the year ended   12/31/14   12/31/13   12/31/12 Net income $ 697,327   $ 352,771   $ 423,562 Indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income 49,055   41,554   31,911 Investments and investment management expense 4,485   3,990   6,071 Expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries (3,717 )   45,050   11,350 Interest expense, net (1) 180,618   172,402   136,920 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 412   14,921   1,179 Loss on interest rate contract —   51,000   — General and administrative expense 41,425   39,573   34,101 Equity in loss (income) of unconsolidated entities (148,766 )   11,154   (20,914 ) Depreciation expense (1) 442,682   560,215   243,680 Income tax expense 9,368   —   — Casualty and impairment loss —   —   1,449 Gain on acquisition of unconsolidated real estate entity —   —   (14,194 ) Gain on sale of real estate assets (85,415 )   (240 )   (280 ) Gain on sale of discontinued operations (37,869 )   (278,231 )   (146,311 ) Income from discontinued operations (310 )   (16,713 )   (26,820 ) Net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations (15,199 )   (19,448 )   (13,776 ) Net operating income $ 1,134,096   $ 977,998   $ 667,928 _________________________________ (1)  Includes amounts associated with assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations. The following is a summary of NOI from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations, for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):   For the year ended   12/31/2014   12/31/2013   12/31/2012              Rental income from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations $ 24,389   $ 30,867   $ 21,463  Operating expenses real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations (9,190 )   (11,419 )   (7,687 ) Net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations $ 15,199   $ 19,448   $ 13,776 The primary performance measure for communities under development or redevelopment depends on the stage of completion. While under development, management monitors actual construction costs against budgeted costs as well as lease-up pace and rent levels compared to budget. The following table provides details of the Company's segment information as of the dates specified (dollars in thousands). The segments are classified based on the individual community's status as of the beginning of the given calendar year. Therefore, each year the composition of communities within each business segment is adjusted. Accordingly, the amounts between years are not directly comparable. Segment information for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  have been adjusted for the real estate assets that were sold from January 1,  2012  through  December 31, 2014 , or otherwise qualify as held for sale and/or discontinued operations as of  December 31, 2014 , as described in Note 7, "Real Estate Disposition Activities." F-28 Table of Contents   Total revenue   NOI   % NOI change from prior year   Gross real estate (1) For the year ended December 31, 2014 (2)               Established               New England $ 179,116   $ 113,905   0.8  %   $ 1,373,065 Metro NY/NJ 318,710   223,591   3.1  %   2,379,178 Mid-Atlantic 98,590   69,498   (2.5 )%   647,374 Pacific Northwest 54,230   37,637   7.0  %   500,247 Northern California 174,527   132,899   8.2  %   1,402,444 Southern California 139,841   95,626   5.2  %   1,225,328 Total Established (3) 965,014   673,156   3.5  %   7,527,636                 Other Stabilized 497,756   343,061   N/A   6,062,844 Development / Redevelopment 186,852   117,879   N/A   3,972,180 Land Held for Future Development N/A   N/A   N/A   180,516 Non-allocated (4) 11,050   N/A   N/A   41,643 Total $ 1,660,672   $ 1,134,096   16.0  %   $ 17,784,819                 For the year ended December 31, 2013                Established               New England $ 159,670   $ 103,679   2.3  %   $ 1,227,582 Metro NY/NJ 249,742   172,912   4.4  %   1,921,307 Mid-Atlantic 100,548   71,851   0.1  %   633,598 Pacific Northwest 46,564   31,283   5.3  %   444,825 Northern California 141,038   106,745   11.7  %   1,233,851 Southern California 119,024   81,182   5.1  %   1,058,883 Total Established (3) 816,586   567,652   4.9  %   6,520,046                 Other Stabilized 486,780   330,998   N/A   6,626,884 Development / Redevelopment 117,186   79,348   N/A   3,024,035 Land Held for Future Development N/A   N/A   N/A   300,364 Non-allocated (4) 11,502   N/A   N/A   10,279 Total $ 1,432,054   $ 977,998   46.4  %   $ 16,481,608                 For the year ended December 31, 2012               Established               New England $ 145,629   $ 94,481   5.1  %   $ 1,115,098 Metro NY/NJ 213,360   148,441   7.4  %   1,760,429 Mid-Atlantic 103,784   75,313   3.2  %   591,669 Pacific Northwest 32,942   23,433   15.0  %   306,289 Northern California 112,875   83,091   14.1  %   1,015,947 Southern California 99,302   68,880   7.0  %   947,723 Total Established (3) 707,892   493,639   7.6  %   5,737,155                 Other Stabilized 131,248   84,504   N/A   1,284,666 Development / Redevelopment 129,767   89,785   N/A   2,032,277 Land Held for Future Development N/A   N/A   N/A   316,037 Non-allocated (4) 10,257   N/A   N/A   73,724 Total $ 979,164   $ 667,928   14.6  %   $ 9,443,859 _________________________________ (1)  Does not include gross real estate assets held for sale of  $64,497 ,  $318,713  and  $627,483  as of  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. F-29 Table of Contents (2)  Results for the year ended  December 31, 2014  reflect the operating segments determined as of January 1, 2014, which include stabilized communities acquired as part of the Archstone Acquisition in the Other Stabilized segment. (3) Gross real estate for the Company's Established Communities includes capitalized additions of approximately  $52,635 ,  $33,553  and  $25,448  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. (4)  Revenue represents third-party management, accounting, and developer fees and miscellaneous income which are not allocated to a reportable segment. 10.  Stock-Based Compensation Plans The Company has a stock incentive plan, the 2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "2009 Plan"). The 2009 Plan includes an authorization to issue shares of the Company's common stock, par value  $0.01  per share. At  December 31, 2014 , the Company has  1,673,193  shares remaining available to issue under the 2009 Plan, exclusive of shares that may be issued to satisfy currently outstanding awards such as stock options or performance awards. In addition, any awards that were outstanding under the Company's1994 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "1994 Plan") on May 21, 2009, the date the Company adopted the 2009 Plan, that are subsequently forfeited, canceled, surrendered or terminated (other than by exercise) will become available for awards under the 2009 Plan. The 2009 Plan provides for various types of equity awards to associates, officers, non-employee directors and other key personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries. The types of awards that may be granted under the 2009 Plan include restricted and deferred stock, stock options that qualify as incentive stock options ("ISOs") under Section 422 of the Code, non-qualified stock options and stock appreciation rights. The 2009 Plan will expire on May 21, 2019. Information with respect to stock options granted under the 2009 and 1994 Plans is as follows:   2009 Plan shares   Weighted average exercise price per share   1994 Plan shares   Weighted average exercise price per share Options Outstanding, December 31, 2011 247,403   $ 98.42   1,112,959   $ 94.10 Exercised (43,265 )   85.09   (364,519 )   68.21 Granted 115,303   133.16   —   — Forfeited (11,887 )   115.15   (28,610 )   139.58 Options Outstanding, December 31, 2012 307,554   $ 112.67   719,830   $ 105.40 Exercised (19,949 )   84.43   (24,292 )   79.42 Granted 215,230   129.03   —   — Forfeited (1,267 )   131.56   (4,012 )   127.56 Options Outstanding, December 31, 2013 501,568   $ 120.77   691,526   $ 106.19 Exercised (157,454 )   116.40   (342,743 )   99.03 Granted —   —   —   — Forfeited (4,052 )   131.05   (76,381 )   142.66 Options Outstanding, December 31, 2014 340,062   $ 122.67   272,402   $ 104.96 Options Exercisable:               December 31, 2012 74,618   $ 97.46   719,830   $ 105.40 December 31, 2013 184,167   $ 107.18   691,526   $ 106.19 December 31, 2014 185,227   $ 116.71   272,402   $ 104.96 The following summarizes the exercise prices and contractual lives of options outstanding as of  December 31, 2014 : 2009 Plan Number of Options   Range—Exercise Price   Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) 32,821   $70.00 -   $79.99   5.1 51,808   110.00 -   119.99   6.1 63,961   120.00 -   129.99   8.2 189,973   130.00 -   139.99   7.6 1,499   140.00 -   149.99   7.5 340,062               F-30 Table of Contents 1994 Plan Number of Options   Range—Exercise Price   Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) 43,806   $40.00 -   $49.99   4.1 92   60.00 -   69.99   0.1 730   70.00 -   79.99   0.5 66,101   80.00 -   89.99   3.1 52,720   90.00 -   99.99   1.1 108,953   140.00 -   149.99   2.1 272,402               Options outstanding under the 2009 and 1994 Plans at  December 31, 2014  had an intrinsic value of  $13,849,000  and  $15,915,000 , respectively. Options exercisable under the 2009 and 1994 Plans at  December 31, 2014  had an intrinsic value of  $8,647,000  and  $15,915,000 , respectively. Options exercisable under the 2009 and 1994 Plans had a weighted average contractual life of  7.3  years and  2.5  years, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised during  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  was  $20,028,000 ,  $2,395,000  and  $26,746,000 , respectively. The cost related to stock-based employee compensation for employee stock options included in the determination of net income is based on estimated forfeitures for the given year. Estimated forfeitures are adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures at the end of the vesting period. The following table summarizes the weighted average fair value of employee stock options for 2013 and 2012 and the associated assumptions used to calculate the value. There were no stock options granted in 2014.     2013   2012 Weighted average fair value per share   $ 26.78   $ 29.11 Life of options (in years)   5.0   5.0 Dividend yield   3.7 %   3.5 % Volatility   34.00 %   35.00 % Risk-free interest rate   0.91 %   0.87 % During 2013, the Company adopted a revised compensation framework under which share-based compensation will be granted, composed of annual awards and multiyear long term incentive performance awards. Annual awards will include restricted stock awards for which one third of the award will vest annually over a three year period following the measurement period. Under the multiyear long term incentive component of the revised framework, the Company will grant a target number of restricted stock units, with the ultimate award determined by the total shareholder return of the Company's common stock and/or operating performance metrics, measured in each case over a measurement period of up to  three  years. The share-based compensation earned will be in the form of restricted stock, or upon election of the recipient, up to  25%  in the form of stock options, for which one third of the award will vest annually over a  three  year period following the measurement period. The Company granted  131,980  restricted stock units net of forfeitures, with an estimated aggregate compensation cost of  $15,522,000 , as part of its stock-based compensation plan during the year ended  December 31, 2014 .  The amount of restricted stock ultimately earned is based on the total shareholder return metrics related to the Company’s common stock for  58,206  restricted stock units and financial metrics related to operating performance and leverage metrics of the Company for  73,774  restricted stock units.  For the portion of the grant for which the award is determined by the total shareholder return of the Company’s common stock, the Company used a Monte Carlo model to assess the compensation cost associated with the restricted stock units.  The estimated compensation cost was derived using the following assumptions: baseline share value of  $128.97 ; dividend yield of approximately  3.6% ; estimated volatility figures ranging from  17.6%  to  18.6%  over the life of the plan for the Company using  50%  historical volatility and  50%  implied volatility; and risk free rates over the life of the plan ranging from  0.04%  to  0.72% ; resulting in an average estimated fair value per restricted stock unit of  $103.20 . For the portion of the grant for which the award is determined by financial metrics, the estimated compensation cost was based on the baseline share value of  $128.97  and the Company's estimate of corporate achievement for the financial metrics.   During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , the Company also issued  115,163  shares of restricted stock, of which  16,209  shares related to the conversion of restricted stock units to restricted shares, and the remaining  98,954  shares were new grants with a fair value of  $12,799,000 . The compensation cost was based on the share price at the grant date. F-31 Table of Contents At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company had  190,240  and  182,083 , respectively, outstanding unvested restricted shares granted under restricted stock awards. Restricted stock vesting during the year ended  December 31, 2014  totaled  99,036  shares, of which  5,073  shares related to the conversion of restricted stock units and  93,963  shares related to restricted stock awards, which had fair values at the grant date ranging from  $74.20  to  $163.39  per share. The total fair value of shares vested under restricted stock awards was  $11,352,000 ,  $14,832,000  and  $36,337,000  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. Total employee stock-based compensation cost recognized in income was  $13,314,000 ,  $17,775,000  and  $9,961,000  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, and total capitalized stock-based compensation cost was  $5,457,000 ,  $8,379,000  and  $5,140,000  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. At  December 31, 2014 , there was a total unrecognized compensation cost of  $1,058,000  for unvested stock options and  $19,559,000  for unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units, which does not include estimated forfeitures. The unrecognized compensation cost for unvested stock options and restricted stock and restricted stock units is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of  1.1  and  3.6  years, respectively. The Company estimates the forfeiture of stock options and recognizes compensation cost net of the estimated forfeitures. The estimated forfeitures included in compensation cost are adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures at the end of the vesting period. The forfeiture rate at  December 31, 2014  was  1.4% . The application of estimated forfeitures did not materially impact compensation expense for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . Employee Stock Purchase Plan In October 1996, the Company adopted the 1996 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended, the "ESPP"). Initially  1,000,000  shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under this plan. There are currently  714,827  shares remaining available for issuance under the ESPP. Full-time employees of the Company generally are eligible to participate in the ESPP if, as of the last day of the applicable election period, they have been employed by the Company for at least  one  month. All other employees of the Company are eligible to participate provided that, as of the applicable election period, they have been employed by the Company for  12  months. Under the ESPP, eligible employees are permitted to acquire shares of the Company's common stock through payroll deductions, subject to maximum purchase limitations. During 2013, the purchase period was a period of  seven  months beginning April 1 and ending October 30. The Company modified the ESPP beginning in 2014, establishing  two  purchase periods of approximately  six  months each. The first purchase period begins January 1 and ends June 10, and the second purchase period begins July 1 and ends December 10. The purchase price for common stock purchased under the plan is  85%  of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the first day of the applicable purchase period or the last day of the applicable purchase period. The offering dates, purchase dates and duration of purchase periods may be changed, if the change is announced prior to the beginning of the affected date or purchase period. The Company issued  9,848 ,  9,260  and  6,260  shares and recognized compensation expense of  $407,000 ,  $174,000  and  $127,000  under the ESPP for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The Company accounts for transactions under the ESPP using the fair value method prescribed by accounting guidance applicable to entities that use employee share purchase plans. 11.  Related Party Arrangements Unconsolidated Entities The Company manages unconsolidated real estate entities for which it receives asset management, property management, development and redevelopment fee revenue. From these entities, the Company received fees of  $11,050,000 ,  $11,502,000  and  $10,257,000  in the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. These fees are included in management, development and other fees on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. In addition, the Company has outstanding receivables associated with its management role of  $6,868,000  and  $7,004,000  as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. Director Compensation Directors of the Company who are also employees receive no additional compensation for their services as a director. Following each annual meeting of stockholders, non-employee directors receive (i) a number of shares of restricted stock (or deferred stock awards) having a value of  $125,000  and (ii) a cash payment of  $60,000 , payable in quarterly installments of  $15,000 . The number of shares of restricted stock (or deferred stock awards) is calculated based on the closing price on the day of the award. Non-employee directors may elect to receive all or a portion of cash payments in the form of a deferred stock award. In addition, beginning in May 2014, the Lead Independent Director receives an annual fee of  $25,000  payable in equal quarterly installments of  $6,250 , and non-employee directors serving as the chairperson of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees receive additional cash compensation of  $10,000  per year payable in quarterly installments of  $2,500 . F-32   Table of Contents The Company recorded non-employee director compensation expense relating to restricted stock grants and deferred stock awards in the amount of  $1,049,000 ,  $992,000  and  $880,000  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, as a component of general and administrative expense. Deferred compensation relating to these restricted stock grants and deferred stock awards was  $452,000 ,  $417,000  and  $364,000  on  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. 12.  Fair Value Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value Derivative Financial Instruments Currently, the Company uses interest rate cap agreements to manage its interest rate risk. These instruments are carried at fair value in the Company's financial statements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of counterparty nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of its net position with a given counterparty, as well as any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts and guarantees. The Company minimizes its credit risk on these transactions by dealing with major, creditworthy financial institutions which have an A or better credit rating by the Standard & Poor's Ratings Group. As part of its on-going control procedures, the Company monitors the credit ratings of counterparties and the exposure of the Company to any single entity, thus reducing credit risk concentration. The Company believes the likelihood of realizing losses from counterparty nonperformance is remote. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives use Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined it is not significant. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Hedge ineffectiveness did not have a material impact on earnings of the Company for  2014  or any prior period, and the Company does not anticipate that it will have a material effect in the future. The following table summarizes the consolidated Hedging Derivatives at  December 31, 2014 , excluding derivatives executed to hedge debt on communities classified as held for sale (dollars in thousands):     Non-designated Hedges   Cash Flow Hedges Notional balance   $ 605,515   $ 170,909 Weighted average interest rate (1)   1.7 %   2.5 % Weighted average capped interest rate   6.0 %   5.1 % Earliest maturity date   February 2016   April 2015 Latest maturity date   August 2018   April 2019 _________________________________ (1)  Represents the weighted average interest rate on the hedged debt. Excluding derivatives executed to hedge secured debt on communities classified as held for sale, the Company had  four  derivatives designated as cash flow hedges and  12  derivatives not designated as hedges at  December 31, 2014 . Fair value changes for derivatives not in qualifying hedge relationships for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2012 , were not material. Excluding the forward interest rate protection agreement discussed further below, fair value changes for derivatives not in qualifying hedge relationships for the year ended  December 31, 2013  were not material. To adjust the Hedging Derivatives in qualifying cash flow hedges to their fair value and recognize the impact of hedge accounting, the Company recorded a decrease to accumulated other comprehensive loss of  $6,116,000  and  $5,892,000  during the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively, and recorded an increase to accumulated other comprehensive loss of  $20,987,000  during the year ended  December 31, 2012 . During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company reclassified  $59,376,000  of deferred losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss with  $51,000,000  recognized as loss on interest rate contract as discussed below, and the balance recorded as a component of interest expense, net. The Company anticipates reclassifying approximately  $5,493,000  of hedging losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings within the next 12 months to offset the variability of cash flows of the hedged item during this period. The Company did not have any derivatives designated as fair value hedges as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 . F-33 Table of Contents In 2013, the Company was party to a  $215,000,000  forward interest rate protection agreement, which was entered into in 2011 to reduce the impact of variability in interest rates on a portion of its expected debt issuance activity in 2013. The Company settled this position at its maturity in May 2013 with a payment to the counterparty of  $51,000,000 , the fair value at the time of settlement. Based on changes in the Company's capital requirements for 2013, the Company deemed it was probable that it would not issue the anticipated debt for which the interest rate protection agreement was transacted. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recognized a loss of  $51,000,000  for the forward interest rate protection agreement in loss on interest rate contract on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests The Company provided redemption options (the "Puts") that allow joint venture partners of the Company to require the Company to purchase their interests in the investment at a guaranteed minimum amount related to  three  ventures. The Puts are payable in cash. The Company determines the fair value of the Puts based on unobservable inputs considering the assumptions that market participants would make in pricing the obligations, applying a guaranteed rate of return to the joint venture partners' net capital contribution balances as of period end. Given the significance of the unobservable inputs, the valuations are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company issued units of limited partnership interest in DownREITs which provide the DownREIT limited partners the ability to present all or some of their units for redemption for cash as determined by the partnership agreement. Under the DownREIT agreements, for each limited partnership unit, the limited partner is entitled to receive cash in the amount equal to the fair value of the Company's common stock on or about the date of redemption. In lieu of cash redemption, the Company may elect to exchange such units for an equal number of shares of the Company's common stock. The limited partnership units in the DownREITs are valued using the market price of the Company's common stock, a Level 1 price under the fair value hierarchy. Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalent balances are held with various financial institutions, within principal protected accounts. The Company monitors credit ratings of these financial institutions and the concentration of cash and cash equivalent balances with any one financial institution and believes the likelihood of realizing material losses related to cash and cash equivalent balances is remote. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at their face amounts, which reasonably approximate their fair values and are Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. Other Financial Instruments Rents receivable, accounts and construction payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities are carried at their face amounts, which reasonably approximate their fair values. The Company values its unsecured notes using quoted market prices, a Level 1 price within the fair value hierarchy. The Company values its notes payable and outstanding amounts under the Credit Facility and Term Loan using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each instrument. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the instrument, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The process also considers credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect the Company’s nonperformance risk. The Company has concluded that the value of its notes payable and amounts outstanding under its Credit Facility and Term Loan are Level 2 prices as the majority of the inputs used to value its positions fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Financial Instruments Measured/Disclosed at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The following table summarizes the classification between the three levels of the fair value hierarchy of the Company's financial instruments measured/disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis (dollars in thousands): F-34 Table of Contents Description Total Fair Value   Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)   Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   12/31/2014 Non Designated Hedges                 Interest Rate Caps $ 50   $ —   $ 50   $ — Cash Flow Hedges                 Interest Rate Caps 58   —   58   — Put(s) (11,104 )   —   —   (11,104 ) DownREIT units (1,226 )   (1,226 )   —   — Indebtedness (6,558,022 )   (2,874,147 )   (3,683,875 )   — Total $ (6,570,244 )   $ (2,875,373 )   $ (3,683,767 )   $ (11,104 )                   12/31/2013 Non Designated Hedges               Interest Rate Caps $ 106   $ —   $ 106   $ — Put(s) (15,998 )   —   —   (15,998 ) DownREIT units (887 )   (887 )   —   — Indebtedness (6,294,848 )   (2,657,143 )   (3,637,705 )   — Total $ (6,311,627 )   $ (2,658,030 )   $ (3,637,599 )   $ (15,998 ) 13.  Quarterly Financial Information The following summary represents the unaudited quarterly results of operations for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013  (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts):   For the three months ended (1)   3/31/14   6/30/14   9/30/14   12/31/14 Total revenue  $ 400,075   $ 413,806   $ 430,525   $ 440,656 Income from continuing operations  $ 103,420   $ 172,197   $ 241,001   $ 142,530 Total discontinued operations  $ 38,179   $ —   $ —   $ — Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 141,739   $ 158,086   $ 241,100   $ 142,642 Net income per common share—basic $ 1.09   $ 1.22   $ 1.83   $ 1.08 Net income per common share—diluted $ 1.09   $ 1.21   $ 1.83   $ 1.08   For the three months ended (1)   3/31/13   6/30/13   9/30/13   12/31/13 Total revenue  $ 301,356   $ 378,207   $ 389,189   $ 394,169 Income (loss) from continuing operations  $ (14,767 )   $ 334   $ (15,949 )   $ 88,209 Total discontinued operations  $ 90,237   $ 35,763   $ 5,063   $ 163,881 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders $ 75,427   $ 36,218   $ (10,715 )   $ 252,212 Net income (loss) per common share—basic $ 0.63   $ 0.28   $ (0.08 )   $ 1.95 Net income (loss) per common share—diluted $ 0.63   $ 0.28   $ (0.08 )   $ 1.95 _________________________________ (1)  Amounts may not equal full year results due to rounding. F-35 Table of Contents 14.  Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date on which this Form 10-K was filed, the date on which these financial statements were issued, and identified the items below for discussion. In January 2015:  The Company sold Avalon on Stamford Harbor, located in Stamford, CT. Avalon on Stamford Harbor contains  323  homes and a working marina containing  74  boat slips and was sold for  $115,500,000 . The Company acquired land for  $325,000,000  associated with  three  Development Rights located in New York, NY and Bellevue, WA. If developed as expected, the development rights related to this land will contain  910  apartment homes for a projected total capital cost of  $509,717,000 .  A fire occurred at the Company's Avalon at Edgewater apartment community located in Edgewater, New Jersey ("Edgewater"). Edgewater consisted of  two  residential buildings.  One  building, which contained  240  apartment homes, was destroyed and is uninhabitable. The second building, which contains  168  apartment homes, has been reoccupied and the Company currently believes it only suffered minimal damage. The Company is currently assessing its direct losses resulting from the fire, which could vary based on costs and time to rebuild, as well its liability to third parties who incurred damages on account of the fire. To date, a number of lawsuits on behalf of former residents have been filed against the Company, including  three  purported class actions. While the Company currently believes that its direct losses and its liability to third parties will be substantially covered by its insurance policies, including coverage for the replacement cost of the building, third party claims, and business interruption loss, subject to deductibles as well as a self-insured portion of the property insurance for which the Company is obligated for  12%  of the first  $50,000,000  in losses, the Company can give no assurances in this regard and continues to evaluate this matter. As of December 31, 2014, Edgewater was encumbered with a fixed-rate secured mortgage note with an effective interest rate of  5.95% , and an outstanding principal balance of  $75,012,000 , due in May 2019 (the “Edgewater Mortgage”).  The Edgewater Mortgage stipulates that in the event of a casualty loss such as the Edgewater fire, the lender has absolute discretion to determine the disposition of the insurance proceeds, and can compel the Company (i) to direct the insurance proceeds to be used for the restoration of Edgewater, or (ii) to apply the insurance proceeds to repay the outstanding loan balance, at par.  As of the date of this Form 10-K, the Company is complying with all lender requirements and continues to work with the lender to resolve open issues related to the Edgewater Mortgage. The Company received  $20,700,000  from the joint venture partner associated with MVP I, LLC, the entity that owns Avalon at Mission Bay North II, upon agreement with the partner to modify the joint venture agreement to eliminate the Company's promoted interest for future return calculations and associated distributions. Prospectively, earnings and distributions will be based on the Company's  25.0%  equity interest in the venture. F-36 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition NEW ENGLAND                                             Boston, MA                                             Avalon at Lexington   Lexington, MA   $ 2,124   $ 12,599   $ 9,199   $ 2,124   $ 21,798   $ 23,922   $ 11,484   $ 12,438   $ —   1994 Avalon Oaks   Wilmington, MA   2,129   18,676   2,038   2,129   20,714   22,843   11,094   11,749   15,887   1999 Eaves Quincy   Quincy, MA   1,743   14,662   9,283   1,743   23,945   25,688   11,805   13,883   —   1986/1995 Avalon Essex   Peabody, MA   5,184   16,320   1,821   5,184   18,141   23,325   9,289   14,036   —   2000 Avalon Oaks West   Wilmington, MA   3,318   13,467   746   3,318   14,213   17,531   6,376   11,155   15,847   2002 Avalon Orchards   Marlborough, MA   2,983   18,037   1,943   2,983   19,980   22,963   8,902   14,061   17,091   2002 Avalon at Newton Highlands   Newton, MA   11,039   45,590   3,423   11,039   49,013   60,052   19,353   40,699   —   2003 Avalon at The Pinehills   Plymouth, MA   6,876   30,401   183   6,876   30,584   37,460   7,836   29,624   —   2004 Eaves Peabody   Peabody, MA   4,645   19,007   12,019   4,645   31,026   35,671   9,746   25,925   —   1962/2004 Avalon at Bedford Center   Bedford, MA   4,258   20,569   316   4,258   20,885   25,143   6,630   18,513   —   2006 Avalon Chestnut Hill   Chestnut Hill, MA   14,572   45,911   1,899   14,572   47,810   62,382   13,588   48,794   39,545   2007 Avalon Shrewsbury   Shrewsbury, MA   5,152   30,608   757   5,152   31,365   36,517   9,062   27,455   20,174   2007 Avalon at Lexington Hills   Lexington, MA   8,691   79,153   1,112   8,691   80,265   88,956   19,446   69,510   —   2008 Avalon Acton   Acton, MA   13,124   49,905   276   13,124   50,181   63,305   12,089   51,216   45,000   2008 Avalon Sharon   Sharon, MA   4,719   25,522   269   4,719   25,791   30,510   6,030   24,480   —   2008 Avalon at Center Place   Providence, RI   —   26,816   10,230   —   37,046   37,046   19,919   17,127   —   1991/1997 Avalon at Hingham Shipyard   Hingham, MA   12,218   41,725   339   12,218   42,064   54,282   9,089   45,193   —   2009 Avalon Northborough   Northborough, MA   8,144   52,454   16   8,144   52,470   60,614   9,170   51,444   —   2009 Avalon Blue Hills   Randolph, MA   11,110   34,736   80   11,110   34,816   45,926   6,856   39,070   —   2009 Avalon Cohasset   Cohasset, MA   8,802   46,233   16   8,802   46,249   55,051   4,910   50,141   —   2012 Avalon Andover   Andover, MA   4,276   21,903   —   4,276   21,903   26,179   2,114   24,065   14,505   2012 Eaves Burlington   Burlington, MA   7,714   32,536   5,080   7,714   37,616   45,330   2,383   42,947   —   1988/2012 AVA Back Bay   Boston, MA   9,034   36,540   36,364   9,034   72,904   81,938   26,205   55,733   —   1968/1998 Avalon at Prudential Center II   Boston, MA   8,776   35,496   31,783   8,776   67,279   76,055   25,100   50,955   —   1968/1998 Avalon at Prudential Center I   Boston, MA   8,002   32,370   19,773   8,002   52,143   60,145   22,772   37,373   —   1968/1998 Avalon Burlington   Burlington, MA   15,600   59,200   6,943   15,600   66,143   81,743   5,334   76,409   —   1989/2013 Avalon Bear Hill   Waltham, MA   27,350   96,999   5,110   27,350   102,109   129,459   11,304   118,155   —   1999/2013 Eaves North Quincy   Quincy, MA   11,940   39,400   2,491   11,940   41,891   53,831   4,784   49,047   36,761   1977/2013 Avalon Natick   Natick, MA   15,645   64,585   —   15,645   64,585   80,230   3,476   76,754   52,357   2013 Avalon Canton at Blue Hills   Canton, MA   6,562   33,191   —   6,562   33,191   39,753   769   38,984   —   2014 Avalon Exeter   Andover, MA   16,304   108,126   —   16,304   108,126   124,430   1,842   122,588   —   2014                                               Fairfield-New Haven, CT                                             F-37 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Eaves Trumbull   Trumbull, CT   4,414   31,268   3,529   4,414   34,797   39,211   20,696   18,515   39,452   1997 Eaves Stamford   Stamford, CT   5,956   23,993   12,748   5,956   36,741   42,697   20,049   22,648   —   1991 Avalon Wilton I   Wilton, CT   2,116   14,664   5,841   2,116   20,505   22,621   9,855   12,766   —   1997 Avalon on Stamford Harbor   Stamford, CT   10,836   51,883   1,778   10,836   53,661   64,497   22,322   42,175   62,724   2003 Avalon New Canaan   New Canaan, CT   4,834   19,485   1,559   4,834   21,044   25,878   8,672   17,206   —   2002 AVA Stamford   Stamford, CT   13,819   56,499   4,602   13,819   61,101   74,920   25,069   49,851   57,423   2002/2002 Avalon Danbury   Danbury, CT   4,933   30,638   670   4,933   31,308   36,241   10,352   25,889   —   2005 Avalon Darien   Darien, CT   6,926   34,659   1,689   6,926   36,348   43,274   13,817   29,457   47,700   2004 Avalon Milford I   Milford, CT   8,746   22,699   725   8,746   23,424   32,170   8,493   23,677   —   2004 Avalon Huntington   Shelton, CT   5,277   20,029   100   5,277   20,129   25,406   4,406   21,000   —   2008 Avalon Norwalk   Norwalk, CT   11,320   62,910   25   11,320   62,935   74,255   9,372   64,883   —   2011 Avalon Wilton II   Wilton, CT   6,604   23,758   6   6,604   23,764   30,368   2,997   27,371   —   2011 Avalon Shelton III   Shelton, CT   7,853   40,866   —   7,853   40,866   48,719   2,279   46,440   —   2013 Avalon East Norwalk   Norwalk, CT   10,394   36,126   —   10,394   36,126   46,520   1,645   44,875   —   2013 Avalon at Stratford   Stratford, CT   2,564   26,884   —   2,564   26,884   29,448   341   29,107   —   2014 TOTAL NEW ENGLAND       $ 368,626   $ 1,699,098   $ 196,781   $ 368,626   $ 1,895,879   $ 2,264,505   $ 479,122   $ 1,785,383   $ 464,466                                                   METRO NY/NJ                                             New York Suburban, NY                                             Avalon Commons   Smithtown, NY   $ 4,679   $ 28,286   $ 5,660   $ 4,679   $ 33,946   $ 38,625   $ 18,664   $ 19,961   $ —   1997 Eaves Nanuet   Nanuet, NY   8,428   45,660   3,903   8,428   49,563   57,991   28,325   29,666   63,242   1998 Avalon Green   Elmsford, NY   1,820   10,525   1,675   1,820   12,200   14,020   8,031   5,989   —   1995 Avalon Towers   Long Beach, NY   3,118   11,973   10,260   3,118   22,233   25,351   11,437   13,914   —   1990/1995 Avalon Willow   Mamaroneck, NY   6,207   40,791   1,423   6,207   42,214   48,421   21,846   26,575   —   2000 Avalon Court   Melville, NY   9,228   50,063   2,908   9,228   52,971   62,199   28,734   33,465   —   1997 The Avalon   Bronxville, NY   2,889   28,324   7,993   2,889   36,317   39,206   15,882   23,324   —   1999 Avalon at Glen Cove   Glen Cove, NY   7,871   59,969   1,097   7,871   61,066   68,937   21,970   46,967   —   2004 Avalon Pines   Coram, NY   8,700   62,931   621   8,700   63,552   72,252   20,828   51,424   —   2005 Avalon Glen Cove North   Glen Cove, NY   2,577   37,336   232   2,577   37,568   40,145   10,016   30,129   —   2007 Avalon White Plains   White Plains, NY   15,391   137,353   46   15,391   137,399   152,790   27,434   125,356   —   2009 Avalon Charles Pond   Coram, NY   14,715   33,640   48   14,715   33,688   48,403   6,824   41,579   —   2009 Avalon Rockville Centre   Rockville Centre, NY   32,212   78,807   —   32,212   78,807   111,019   8,480   102,539   —   2012 Avalon Green II   Elmsford, NY   27,765   77,560   —   27,765   77,560   105,325   7,330   97,995   —   2012 Avalon Garden City   Garden City, NY   18,205   49,372   —   18,205   49,372   67,577   3,999   63,578   —   2013 Avalon Westbury   Westbury, NY   69,620   43,781   7,410   69,620   51,191   120,811   8,720   112,091   82,345   2006/2013 F-38 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Avalon Ossining   Ossining, NY   6,385   30,099   —   6,385   30,099   36,484   762   35,722   —   2014 Avalon Huntington Station   Huntington Station, NY   21,870   57,545   —   21,870   57,545   79,415   844   78,571   —   2014                                               New Jersey                                             Avalon Cove   Jersey City, NJ   8,760   82,422   21,060   8,760   103,482   112,242   54,057   58,185   —   1997 Avalon Run   Lawrenceville, NJ   14,650   60,486   5,526   14,650   66,012   80,662   23,905   56,757   —   1994 Avalon Princeton Junction   West Windsor, NJ   5,585   22,382   20,791   5,585   43,173   48,758   21,392   27,366   —   1988/1993 Avalon at Edgewater (1)   Edgewater, NJ   14,528   60,240   4,302   14,528   64,542   79,070   28,885   50,185   75,012   2002 Avalon at Florham Park   Florham Park, NJ   6,647   34,906   2,179   6,647   37,085   43,732   18,009   25,723   —   2001 Avalon at Freehold   Freehold, NJ   4,119   30,514   900   4,119   31,414   35,533   13,959   21,574   34,973   2002 Avalon Run East   Lawrenceville, NJ   6,766   45,366   919   6,766   46,285   53,051   16,286   36,765   37,475   2005 Avalon Lyndhurst   Lyndhurst, NJ   18,620   59,879   579   18,620   60,458   79,078   16,676   62,402   —   2007 Avalon at Tinton Falls   Tinton Falls, NJ   7,939   33,173   96   7,939   33,269   41,208   7,755   33,453   —   2008 Avalon at West Long Branch   West Long Branch, NJ   2,721   22,940   —   2,721   22,940   25,661   3,479   22,182   —   2011 Avalon North Bergen   North Bergen, NJ   8,984   31,015   514   8,984   31,529   40,513   2,819   37,694   —   2012 Avalon at Wesmont Station   Wood-Ridge, NJ   14,682   41,635   875   14,682   42,510   57,192   3,860   53,332   —   2012 Avalon Hackensack at Riverside   Hackensack, NJ   —   44,530   —   —   44,530   44,530   2,312   42,218   —   2013 Avalon Somerset   Somerset, NJ   18,241   58,326   —   18,241   58,326   76,567   3,366   73,201   —   2013 Avalon at Wesmont Station II   Wood-Ridge, NJ   6,502   16,862   —   6,502   16,862   23,364   992   22,372   —   2013 Avalon Bloomingdale   Bloomingdale, NJ   3,005   27,721   —   3,005   27,721   30,726   1,098   29,628   —   2014                                               New York, NY                                             Avalon Riverview I   Long Island City, NY   —   94,061   4,894   —   98,955   98,955   41,548   57,407   —   2002 Avalon Bowery Place   New York, NY   18,575   75,009   1,992   18,575   77,001   95,576   22,047   73,529   93,800   2006 Avalon Riverview North   Long Island City, NY   —   164,808   2,404   —   167,212   167,212   41,970   125,242   —   2008 Avalon Bowery Place II   New York, NY   9,106   47,199   1,633   9,106   48,832   57,938   11,904   46,034   —   2007 Avalon Morningside Park   New York, NY   —   114,327   870   —   115,197   115,197   24,642   90,555   100,000   2009 Avalon Fort Greene   Brooklyn, NY   83,038   218,444   642   83,038   219,086   302,124   35,170   266,954   —   2010 Avalon Midtown West   New York, NY   154,730   180,253   12,012   154,730   192,265   346,995   23,002   323,993   100,500   1998/2013 Avalon Clinton North   New York, NY   84,069   105,821   6,352   84,069   112,173   196,242   12,558   183,684   147,000   2008/2013 Avalon Clinton South   New York, NY   71,421   89,851   5,175   71,421   95,026   166,447   10,732   155,715   121,500   2007/2013 TOTAL METRO NY/NJ       $ 824,368   $ 2,646,185   $ 136,991   $ 824,368   $ 2,783,176   $ 3,607,544   $ 692,549   $ 2,914,995   $ 855,847                                                   MID-ATLANTIC                                             Washington Metro                                             F-39 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Avalon at Foxhall   Washington, DC   $ 6,848   $ 27,614   $ 11,671   $ 6,848   $ 39,285   $ 46,133   $ 24,950   $ 21,183   $ 56,341   1982/1994 Avalon at Gallery Place   Washington, DC   8,800   39,658   1,557   8,800   41,215   50,015   16,412   33,603   43,776   2003 Avalon at Fairway Hills   Columbia, MD   8,603   34,432   16,036   8,603   50,468   59,071   28,397   30,674   —   1987/1996 Eaves Washingtonian Center I   North Potomac, MD   2,608   11,707   629   2,608   12,336   14,944   7,913   7,031   8,011   1996 Eaves Washingtonian Center II   North Potomac, MD   1,439   6,846   180   1,439   7,026   8,465   3,970   4,495   —   1998 Eaves Columbia Town Center   Columbia, MD   8,802   35,536   11,429   8,802   46,965   55,767   16,273   39,494   —   1986/1993 Avalon at Grosvenor Station   Bethesda, MD   29,159   53,001   2,002   29,159   55,003   84,162   21,020   63,142   —   2004 Avalon at Traville   Rockville, MD   14,365   55,398   863   14,365   56,261   70,626   21,385   49,241   74,186   2004 Avalon Russett   Laurel, MD   10,200   47,524   2,659   10,200   50,183   60,383   5,547   54,836   39,972   1999/2013 Eaves Fair Lakes   Fairfax, VA   6,096   24,400   8,246   6,096   32,646   38,742   17,777   20,965   —   1989/1996 AVA Ballston   Arlington, VA   7,291   29,177   16,117   7,291   45,294   52,585   24,294   28,291   —   1990 Eaves Fairfax City   Fairfax, VA   2,152   8,907   5,390   2,152   14,297   16,449   6,624   9,825   —   1988/1997 Avalon Tysons Corner   Tysons Corner, VA   13,851   43,397   12,106   13,851   55,503   69,354   26,784   42,570   —   1996 Avalon at Arlington Square   Arlington, VA   22,041   90,296   2,818   22,041   93,114   115,155   42,880   72,275   —   2001 Avalon Park Crest   Tysons Corner, VA   13,554   63,527   —   13,554   63,527   77,081   4,886   72,195   —   2013 Eaves Fairfax Towers   Falls Church, VA   17,889   74,727   1,718   17,889   76,445   94,334   9,782   84,552   —   1978/2011 AVA H Street   Washington, DC   7,425   25,282   —   7,425   25,282   32,707   1,782   30,925   —   2013 Avalon First and M   Washington, DC   43,700   153,950   2,411   43,700   156,361   200,061   12,255   187,806   140,964   2012/2013 Avalon The Albemarle   Washington, DC   25,140   52,459   3,717   25,140   56,176   81,316   6,980   74,336   —   1966/2013 Eaves Tunlaw Gardens   Washington, DC   16,430   22,902   2,025   16,430   24,927   41,357   3,162   38,195   28,494   1944/2013 The Statesman   Washington, DC   38,140   35,352   3,453   38,140   38,805   76,945   5,815   71,130   —   1961/2013 Eaves Glover Park   Washington, DC   9,580   26,532   1,954   9,580   28,486   38,066   3,385   34,681   23,569   1953/2013 AVA Van Ness   Washington, DC   22,890   58,691   3,455   22,890   62,146   85,036   6,844   78,192   —   1978/2013 Avalon Ballston Place   Arlington, VA   38,490   123,645   3,768   38,490   127,413   165,903   11,532   154,371   —   2001/2013 Eaves Tysons Corner   Vienna, VA   16,030   45,420   2,554   16,030   47,974   64,004   5,509   58,495   —   1980/2013 Avalon Ballston Square   Arlington, VA   71,640   215,937   10,200   71,640   226,137   297,777   23,372   274,405   —   1992/2013 Avalon Courthouse Place   Arlington, VA   56,550   178,032   8,131   56,550   186,163   242,713   18,921   223,792   140,332   1999/2013 Avalon Reston Landing   Reston, VA   26,710   83,084   4,354   26,710   87,438   114,148   9,863   104,285   —   2000/2013 Oakwood Arlington   Arlington, VA   18,850   38,545   1,856   18,850   40,401   59,251   4,324   54,927   42,185   1987/2013 Avalon Mosaic   Merrifield, VA   33,483   75,081   —   33,483   75,081   108,564   2,108   106,456   —   2014 Avalon Arlington North   Arlington, VA   21,600   58,763   —   21,600   58,763   80,363   1,468   78,895   —   2014 TOTAL MID-ATLANTIC       $ 620,356   $ 1,839,822   $ 141,299   $ 620,356   $ 1,981,121   $ 2,601,477   $ 396,214   $ 2,205,263   $ 597,830                                                   PACIFIC NORTHWEST                                             Seattle, WA                                             F-40 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Avalon Redmond Place   Redmond, WA   $ 4,558   $ 18,368   $ 9,879   $ 4,558   $ 28,247   $ 32,805   $ 14,541   $ 18,264   $ —   1991/1997 Avalon at Bear Creek   Redmond, WA   6,786   27,641   3,427   6,786   31,068   37,854   17,457   20,397   —   1998/1998 Avalon Bellevue   Bellevue, WA   6,664   24,119   1,685   6,664   25,804   32,468   12,245   20,223   25,491   2001 Avalon RockMeadow   Bothell, WA   4,777   19,765   1,901   4,777   21,666   26,443   10,695   15,748   —   2000/2000 Avalon ParcSquare   Redmond, WA   3,789   15,139   2,630   3,789   17,769   21,558   8,587   12,971   —   2000/2000 Avalon Brandemoor   Lynnwood, WA   8,608   36,679   1,656   8,608   38,335   46,943   18,143   28,800   —   2001/2001 AVA Belltown   Seattle, WA   5,644   12,733   830   5,644   13,563   19,207   6,330   12,877   —   2001 Avalon Meydenbauer   Bellevue, WA   12,697   77,451   936   12,697   78,387   91,084   18,053   73,031   —   2008 Avalon Towers Bellevue   Bellevue, WA   —   123,030   811   —   123,841   123,841   19,003   104,838   —   2011 AVA Queen Anne   Seattle, WA   12,081   41,618   347   12,081   41,965   54,046   4,357   49,689   —   2012 Avalon Brandemoor II   Lynnwood, WA   2,655   11,343   —   2,655   11,343   13,998   1,435   12,563   —   2011 AVA Ballard   Seattle, WA   16,460   46,885   6   16,460   46,891   63,351   2,811   60,540   —   2013 Eaves Redmond Campus   Redmond, WA   22,580   88,001   5,248   22,580   93,249   115,829   10,158   105,671   —   1991/2013 Archstone Redmond Lakeview   Redmond, WA   10,250   26,842   1,831   10,250   28,673   38,923   3,302   35,621   —   1987/2013 AVA University District   Seattle, WA   12,594   60,566   294   12,594   60,860   73,454   2,087   71,367   —   2014 TOTAL PACIFIC NORTHWEST       $ 130,143   $ 630,180   $ 31,481   $ 130,143   $ 661,661   $ 791,804   $ 149,204   $ 642,600   $ 25,491                                                 NORTHERN CALIFORNIA                                             Oakland-East Bay, CA                                             Avalon Fremont   Fremont, CA   $ 10,746   $ 43,399   $ 5,059   $ 10,746   $ 48,458   $ 59,204   $ 28,083   $ 31,121   $ —   1992/1994 Eaves Dublin   Dublin, CA   5,276   19,642   9,167   5,276   28,809   34,085   14,183   19,902   —   1989/1997 Eaves Pleasanton   Pleasanton, CA   11,610   46,552   21,254   11,610   67,806   79,416   33,374   46,042   —   1988/1994 Eaves Union City   Union City, CA   4,249   16,820   2,832   4,249   19,652   23,901   11,402   12,499   —   1973/1996 Eaves Fremont   Fremont, CA   6,581   26,583   9,730   6,581   36,313   42,894   19,198   23,696   —   1985/1994 Avalon Union City   Union City, CA   14,732   104,025   294   14,732   104,319   119,051   19,722   99,329   —   2009 Avalon Walnut Creek   Walnut Creek, CA   —   145,906   1,643   —   147,549   147,549   22,354   125,195   137,542   2010 Eaves Walnut Creek   Walnut Creek, CA   30,320   82,375   5,597   30,320   87,972   118,292   9,646   108,646   —   1987/2013 Avalon Walnut Ridge I   Walnut Creek, CA   9,860   19,850   878   9,860   20,728   30,588   2,159   28,429   20,754   2000/2013 Avalon Walnut Ridge II   Walnut Creek, CA   27,190   57,041   3,299   27,190   60,340   87,530   6,990   80,540   —   1989/2013 Avalon Berkeley   Berkeley, CA   4,500   28,646   —   4,500   28,646   33,146   467   32,679   —   2014 Avalon Dublin Station   Dublin, CA   7,771   71,026   —   7,771   71,026   78,797   1,782   77,015   —   2014                                               San Francisco, CA                                             Eaves Daly City   Daly City, CA   4,230   9,659   18,662   4,230   28,321   32,551   14,804   17,747   —   1972/1997 AVA Nob Hill   San Francisco, CA   5,403   21,567   6,888   5,403   28,455   33,858   14,033   19,825   20,800   1990/1995 F-41 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Eaves San Rafael   San Rafael, CA   5,982   16,885   24,197   5,982   41,082   47,064   17,997   29,067   —   1973/1996 Eaves Foster City   Foster City, CA   7,852   31,445   11,207   7,852   42,652   50,504   21,206   29,298   —   1973/1994 Eaves Pacifica   Pacifica, CA   6,125   24,796   2,541   6,125   27,337   33,462   15,595   17,867   17,600   1971/1995 Avalon Sunset Towers   San Francisco, CA   3,561   21,321   14,894   3,561   36,215   39,776   16,136   23,640   —   1961/1996 Eaves Diamond Heights   San Francisco, CA   4,726   19,130   5,790   4,726   24,920   29,646   12,976   16,670   —   1972/1994 Avalon at Mission Bay North   San Francisco, CA   14,029   78,452   2,482   14,029   80,934   94,963   33,067   61,896   69,955   2003 Avalon at Mission Bay III   San Francisco, CA   28,687   119,156   74   28,687   119,230   147,917   22,702   125,215   —   2009 Avalon Ocean Avenue   San Francisco, CA   5,544   50,883   1,740   5,544   52,623   58,167   4,827   53,340   —   2012 Avalon San Bruno   San Bruno, CA   40,780   68,684   2,891   40,780   71,575   112,355   7,423   104,932   64,450   2004/2013 Avalon San Bruno II   San Bruno, CA   23,787   44,934   1,668   23,787   46,602   70,389   4,527   65,862   30,968   2007/2013 Avalon San Bruno III   San Bruno, CA   33,303   62,910   2,349   33,303   65,259   98,562   6,340   92,222   56,210   2010/2013 AVA 55 Ninth   San Francisco, CA   20,267   96,291   —   20,267   96,291   116,558   2,022   114,536   —   2014                                               San Jose, CA                                             Avalon Campbell   Campbell, CA   11,830   47,828   13,431   11,830   61,259   73,089   28,671   44,418   38,800   1995 Eaves San Jose   San Jose, CA   12,920   53,047   18,810   12,920   71,857   84,777   28,688   56,089   —   1985/1996 Avalon on the Alameda   San Jose, CA   6,119   50,225   1,644   6,119   51,869   57,988   28,035   29,953   51,539   1999 Avalon Silicon Valley   Sunnyvale, CA   20,713   99,573   4,987   20,713   104,560   125,273   59,276   65,997   —   1998 Avalon Mountain View   Mountain View, CA   9,755   39,393   9,511   9,755   48,904   58,659   25,542   33,117   18,100   1986 Eaves Creekside   Mountain View, CA   6,546   26,263   20,984   6,546   47,247   53,793   20,739   33,054   —   1962/1997 Avalon at Cahill Park   San Jose, CA   4,765   47,600   1,433   4,765   49,033   53,798   20,749   33,049   —   2002 Avalon Towers on the Peninsula   Mountain View, CA   9,560   56,136   1,103   9,560   57,239   66,799   25,115   41,684   —   2002 Avalon Willow Glen   San Jose, CA   46,060   81,957   4,034   46,060   85,991   132,051   9,780   122,271   —   2002/2013 Eaves West Valley   San Jose, CA   90,890   113,628   7,019   90,890   120,647   211,537   14,646   196,891   83,087   1970/2013 Eaves Mountain View at Middlefield   Mountain View, CA   64,070   69,018   4,847   64,070   73,865   137,935   9,416   128,519   71,496   1969/2013 Eaves West Valley II   San Jose, CA   —   18,411   —   —   18,411   18,411   735   17,676   —   2013 Avalon Morrison Park   San Jose, CA   13,837   64,337   —   13,837   64,337   78,174   1,756   76,418   —   2014 TOTAL NORTHERN CALIFORNIA       $ 634,176   $ 2,095,394   $ 242,939   $ 634,176   $ 2,338,333   $ 2,972,509   $ 636,163   $ 2,336,346   $ 681,301                                                   SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA                                             Orange County, CA                                             AVA Newport   Costa Mesa, CA   $ 1,975   $ 3,814   $ 9,802   $ 1,975   $ 13,616   $ 15,591   $ 5,491   $ 10,100   $ —   1956/1996 Avalon Mission Viejo   Mission Viejo, CA   2,517   9,257   2,783   2,517   12,040   14,557   7,157   7,400   7,635   1984/1996 Eaves South Coast   Costa Mesa, CA   4,709   16,063   12,772   4,709   28,835   33,544   13,887   19,657   —   1973/1996 F-42 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Eaves Santa Margarita   Rancho Santa Margarita, CA   4,607   16,911   10,247   4,607   27,158   31,765   12,753   19,012   —   1990/1997 Eaves Huntington Beach   Huntington Beach, CA   4,871   19,745   9,530   4,871   29,275   34,146   16,657   17,489   —   1971/1997 Avalon Anaheim Stadium   Anaheim, CA   27,874   69,156   645   27,874   69,801   97,675   14,359   83,316   —   2009 Avalon Irvine   Irvine, CA   9,911   67,524   69   9,911   67,593   77,504   12,521   64,983   —   2010 Eaves Lake Forest   Lake Forest, CA   5,199   21,134   2,114   5,199   23,248   28,447   3,006   25,441   —   1975/2011 Avalon Irvine II   Irvine, CA   4,358   40,906   —   4,358   40,906   45,264   2,753   42,511   —   2013 Eaves Seal Beach   Seal Beach, CA   46,790   99,999   4,635   46,790   104,634   151,424   11,178   140,246   85,122   1971/2013                                               San Diego, CA                                             AVA Pacific Beach   San Diego, CA   9,922   40,580   30,927   9,922   71,507   81,429   32,316   49,113   —   1969/1997 Eaves Mission Ridge   San Diego, CA   2,710   10,924   11,263   2,710   22,187   24,897   12,213   12,684   —   1960/1997 AVA Cortez Hill   San Diego, CA   2,768   20,134   23,464   2,768   43,598   46,366   18,853   27,513   —   1973/1998 Avalon Fashion Valley   San Diego, CA   19,627   44,972   290   19,627   45,262   64,889   9,860   55,029   —   2008 Eaves San Marcos   San Marcos, CA   3,277   13,385   860   3,277   14,245   17,522   1,869   15,653   —   1988/2011 Eaves Rancho Penasquitos   San Diego, CA   6,692   27,143   1,834   6,692   28,977   35,669   3,697   31,972   —   1986/2011 Avalon La Jolla Colony   San Diego, CA   16,760   27,694   2,099   16,760   29,793   46,553   3,665   42,888   27,176   1987/2013 Eaves La Mesa   La Mesa, CA   9,490   28,482   1,335   9,490   29,817   39,307   3,230   36,077   —   1989/2013                                               Los Angeles, CA                                             AVA Burbank   Burbank, CA   22,483   28,104   48,076   22,483   76,180   98,663   32,069   66,594   —   1961/1997 Avalon Woodland Hills   Woodland Hills, CA   23,828   40,372   46,946   23,828   87,318   111,146   36,446   74,700   —   1989/1997 Eaves Warner Center   Woodland Hills, CA   7,045   12,986   9,304   7,045   22,290   29,335   13,017   16,318   —   1979/1998 Avalon at Glendale   Glendale, CA   —   42,564   1,155   —   43,719   43,719   16,923   26,796   —   2003 Avalon Burbank   Burbank, CA   14,053   56,827   23,842   14,053   80,669   94,722   29,268   65,454   —   1988/2002 Avalon Camarillo   Camarillo , CA   8,446   40,290   142   8,446   40,432   48,878   12,232   36,646   —   2006 Avalon Wilshire   Los Angeles, CA   5,459   41,182   1,045   5,459   42,227   47,686   11,268   36,418   —   2007 Avalon Encino   Encino, CA   12,789   49,073   395   12,789   49,468   62,257   10,812   51,445   —   2008 Avalon Warner Place   Canoga Park, CA   7,920   44,848   183   7,920   45,031   52,951   10,522   42,429   —   2008 Eaves Phillips Ranch   Pomona, CA   9,796   41,740   246   9,796   41,986   51,782   5,516   46,266   —   1989/2011 Eaves San Dimas   San Dimas, CA   1,916   7,819   519   1,916   8,338   10,254   1,089   9,165   —   1978/2011 Eaves San Dimas Canyon   San Dimas, CA   2,953   12,428   191   2,953   12,619   15,572   1,663   13,909   —   1981/2011 AVA Pasadena   Pasadena, CA   8,400   11,547   5,388   8,400   16,935   25,335   1,319   24,016   11,683   1973/2012 Eaves Cerritos   Artesia, CA   8,305   21,195   1,392   8,305   22,587   30,892   1,991   28,901   —   1973/2012 Avalon Del Rey   Los Angeles, CA   30,900   72,008   654   30,900   72,662   103,562   5,978   97,584   —   2006/2012 F-43 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Avalon Simi Valley   Simi Valley, CA   42,020   73,361   4,411   42,020   77,772   119,792   9,158   110,634   —   2007/2013 Avalon Studio City II   Studio City, CA   4,626   22,954   1,210   4,626   24,164   28,790   2,484   26,306   —   1991/2013 Avalon Studio City III   Studio City, CA   15,756   78,178   3,418   15,756   81,596   97,352   8,428   88,924   —   2002/2013 Avalon Calabasas   Calabasas, CA   42,720   107,642   6,649   42,720   114,291   157,011   13,810   143,201   100,237   1988/2013 Avalon Oak Creek   Agoura Hills, CA   43,540   79,974   4,277   43,540   84,251   127,791   10,304   117,487   85,288   2004/2013 Avalon Santa Monica on Main   Santa Monica, CA   32,000   60,770   3,359   32,000   64,129   96,129   6,720   89,409   —   2007/2013 Avalon Del Mar Station   Pasadena, CA   20,560   106,556   3,277   20,560   109,833   130,393   9,650   120,743   76,471   2006/2013 Eaves Old Town Pasadena   Pasadena, CA   9,110   15,371   1,188   9,110   16,559   25,669   2,053   23,616   15,669   1972/2013 Eaves Thousand Oaks   Thousand Oaks, CA   13,950   20,211   2,053   13,950   22,264   36,214   3,208   33,006   27,411   1992/2013 Eaves Los Feliz   Los Angeles, CA   18,940   43,661   3,160   18,940   46,821   65,761   5,463   60,298   43,258   1989/2013 Oakwood Toluca Hills   Los Angeles, CA   85,450   161,256   9,933   85,450   171,189   256,639   20,490   236,149   165,561   1973/2013 Eaves Woodland Hills   Woodland Hills, CA   68,940   90,549   9,014   68,940   99,563   168,503   13,226   155,277   104,694   1971/2013 Avalon Thousand Oaks Plaza   Thousand Oaks, CA   12,810   22,581   1,807   12,810   24,388   37,198   3,226   33,972   28,394   2002/2013 Avalon Pasadena   Pasadena, CA   10,240   31,558   1,808   10,240   33,366   43,606   3,503   40,103   28,079   2004/2013 Avalon Studio City   Studio City, CA   17,658   90,715   4,094   17,658   94,809   112,467   9,702   102,765   —   1987/2013 Avalon San Dimas   San Dimas, CA   9,140   30,445   —   9,140   30,445   39,585   313   39,272   —   2014 Avalon Mission Oaks   Camarillo, CA   9,600   34,540   2,860   9,600   37,400   47,000   93   46,907   —   2014 TOTAL SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA       $ 805,410   $ 2,171,128   $ 326,665   $ 805,410   $ 2,497,793   $ 3,303,203   $ 497,409   $ 2,805,794   $ 806,678                                                   Non-Core                                             Archstone Lexington   Flower Mound, TX   $ 4,540   $ 25,946   $ 1,823   $ 4,540   $ 27,769   $ 32,309   $ 3,551   $ 28,758   $ 16,525   2000/2013 Archstone Toscano   Houston, TX   15,607   72,154   5   15,607   72,159   87,766   3,324   84,442   —   2014 Memorial Heights Villages   Houston, TX   9,607   42,164   —   9,607   42,164   51,771   724   51,047   —   2014 TOTAL NON-CORE       $ 29,754   $ 140,264   $ 1,828   $ 29,754   $ 142,092   $ 171,846   $ 7,599   $ 164,247   $ 16,525                                                   TOTAL CURRENT COMMUNITIES       $ 3,412,833   $ 11,222,071   $ 1,077,984   $ 3,412,833   $ 12,300,055   $ 15,712,888   $ 2,858,260   $ 12,854,628   $ 3,448,138                                                   DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITIES                                             Avalon West Chelsea/AVA High Line   New York, NY   $ —   $ 260,762   $ 11,823   $ —   $ 272,585   $ 272,585   $ 4,302   $ 268,283   $ —   N/A Avalon North Station   Boston, MA   —   —   46,268   —   46,268   46,268   —   46,268   —   N/A Avalon at Assembly Row/AVA Somerville   Somerville, MA   15,239   80,685   33,327   15,239   114,012   129,251   1,095   128,156   —   N/A Avalon Framingham   Framingham, MA   —   —   18,335   —   18,335   18,335   —   18,335   —   N/A Avalon West Hollywood   West Hollywood, CA   —   233   57,895   —   58,128   58,128   —   58,128   —   N/A Avalon Dublin Station II   Dublin, CA   —   84   43,338   —   43,422   43,422   —   43,422   —   N/A Avalon Wharton   Wharton, NJ   874   20,455   27,318   874   47,773   48,647   116   48,531   —   N/A F-44 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)         Initial Cost       Total Cost                     Community City and state Land and improvements Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Costs Subsequent to Acquisition / Construction Land Building / Construction in Progress & Improvements Total Accumulated Depreciation Total Cost, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Encumbrances Year of Completion/ Acquisition Avalon Green III   New York, NY   —   4   1,443   —   1,447   1,447   —   1,447   —   N/A AVA Little Tokyo   Los Angeles, CA   5,479   35,923   64,425   5,479   100,348   105,827   423   105,404   —   N/A AVA Theater District   Boston, MA   —   315   132,767   —   133,082   133,082   —   133,082   —   N/A Avalon Marlborough   Boston, MA   —   95   46,808   —   46,903   46,903   —   46,903   —   N/A Avalon Vista   Vista, CA   —   292   36,338   —   36,630   36,630   —   36,630   —   N/A Avalon Bloomfield Station   Bloomfield, NJ   —   56   29,624   —   29,680   29,680   —   29,680   —   N/A Avalon Willoughby Square/AVA DoBro   Brooklyn, NY   —   80   266,238   —   266,318   266,318   —   266,318   —   N/A Avalon Alderwood I   Lynnwood, WA   7,033   32,783   26,290   7,033   59,073   66,106   492   65,614   —   N/A AVA Capitol Hill   Seattle, WA   —   —   39,870   —   39,870   39,870   —   39,870   —   N/A Avalon Esterra Park   Redmond, WA   —   8   33,515   —   33,523   33,523   —   33,523   —   N/A Avalon Hayes Valley   San Francisco, CA   —   887   78,685   —   79,572   79,572   —   79,572   —   N/A Avalon Baker Ranch   Lake Forest, CA   3,684   12,815   94,303   3,684   107,118   110,802   54   110,748   —   N/A Avalon Irvine III   Irvine, CA   —   50   26,253   —   26,303   26,303   —   26,303   —   N/A Avalon Huntington Beach   Huntington Beach, CA   —   78   40,661   —   40,739   40,739   —   40,739   —   N/A Avalon Glendora   Glendora, CA   —   55   52,091   —   52,146   52,146   —   52,146   —   N/A Avalon Falls Church   Falls Church, VA   —   240   69,391   —   69,631   69,631   —   69,631   —   N/A Avalon Roseland   Roseland, NJ   —   372   32,771   —   33,143   33,143   —   33,143   —   N/A Avalon Princeton   Princeton, NJ   —   70   35,386   —   35,456   35,456   —   35,456   —   N/A Avalon Union   Union, NJ   —   —   12,717   —   12,717   12,717   —   12,717   —   N/A TOTAL DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITIES       $ 32,309   $ 446,342   $ 1,357,880   $ 32,309   $ 1,804,222   $ 1,836,531   $ 6,482   $ 1,830,049   $ —                                                 Land Held for Development       $ 180,516   $ —   $ —   $ 180,516   $ —   $ 180,516   $ —   $ 180,516   $ —     Corporate Overhead       31,344   31,699   56,338   31,344   88,037   119,381   48,834   70,547   3,000,000     TOTAL       $ 3,657,002   $ 11,700,112   $ 2,492,202   $ 3,657,002   $ 14,192,314   $ 17,849,316   $ 2,913,576   $ 14,935,740   $ 6,448,138     _________________________________ (1)  Includes  240  apartment homes which were destroyed and are uninhabitable as a result of the fire at Avalon at Edgewater in January 2015. F-45 Table of Contents AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (Continued) December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands) Amounts include real estate assets held for sale. Depreciation of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. building, improvements, upgrades and furniture, fixtures and equipment (FF&E) is calculated over the following useful lives, on a straight line basis: Building— 30  years Improvements, upgrades and FF&E—not to exceed  7  years The aggregate cost of total real estate for federal income tax purposes was approximately  $17,561,706  at  December 31, 2014 . The changes in total real estate assets for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  are as follows:   For the year ended   12/31/2014   12/31/2013   12/31/2012 Balance, beginning of period $ 16,800,321   $ 10,071,342   $ 9,288,496 Acquisitions, construction costs and improvements 1,311,003   7,157,639   934,935 Dispositions, including impairment loss on planned dispositions (262,008 )   (428,660 )   (152,089 ) Balance, end of period $ 17,849,316   $ 16,800,321   $ 10,071,342   The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , are as follows:   For the year ended   12/31/2014   12/31/2013   12/31/2012 Balance, beginning of period $ 2,516,112   $ 2,056,222   $ 1,863,466 Depreciation, including discontinued operations 442,682   573,715   260,094 Dispositions (45,218 )   (113,825 )   (67,338 ) Balance, end of period $ 2,913,576   $ 2,516,112   $ 2,056,222 F-46 	 
 
 
 
