
 10-K
 1
 maindocument001.htm
 10-K
 

 

 
 


 UNITED STATES 


 

 

 


   


 
   

 

   

 


 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 ______________________________ 

 FORM 10-K 

 

 
  
   
   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
  SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
  
 
   
   For the fiscal year ended
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
   Commission
  file number 1-8787 
   
  
 


 


   

   

 

 
  
   
   American International Group, Inc. 
   (Exact name of registrant as
  specified in its charter) 
   
  
 
   
   Delaware 
   (State
  or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
   
  
   13-2592361 
   (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
   
  
 
   
   175 Water Street, New York,  New York 
   (Address of principal executive
  offices) 
   
  
   10038 
   (Zip Code) 
   
  
 


 


 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code   (212) 770-7000  

 ______________________________ 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: See Exhibit 99.02 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

 ______________________________ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes ☑  No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes   ☐  No  ☑  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ☑          No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files). Yes  ☑    No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.       ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

 
  
   
   Large accelerated filer
   ☑  
   
  
   Accelerated filer  ☐  
   
  
   Non-accelerated filer  ☐  
   
  
   Smaller reporting company  ☐  
   
  
   Emerging growth company  ☐  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Do not check if
  a 
   smaller reporting
  company) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐     No  ☑  

 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant (based on the
closing price of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter) was approximately $56,480,000,000. 

 As of February 7, 2018, there were outstanding 902,468,889 shares
of Common Stock, $2.50 par value per
share, of the registrant. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

 
  
   
   Document of the Registrant 
   
  
   Form 10-K Reference Locations 
   
  
 
   
   Portions of the
  registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of
  Shareholders 
   
  
   Part II, Item 5 and Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13
  and 14  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 











 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 TABLE OF  CONTENTS 

 Form 10-K 

 
  
   
   Item
  Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   Part  I  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1. 
   
  
   Business 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Our Global Business Overview 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Our Management Framework 
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Diversified Mix of Businesses 
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Our Employees 
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Regulation 
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Available Information about AIG 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Part  II  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 5. 
   
  
   Market for
  Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of Equity
  Securities 
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
  Information 
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Executive Summary 
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Consolidated Results of Operations 
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Business Segment Operations 
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Investments 
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Insurance Reserves 
   
  
   115 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Enterprise Risk Management 
   
  
   139 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Glossary 
   
  
   159 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Acronyms 
   
  
   162 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
  about Market Risk 
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary
  Data 
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Index to Financial Statements and
  Schedules 
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and
  Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
   307 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
   307 
   
  
 
   
   Part  III  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and
  Corporate Governance 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 11. 
   
  
   Executive Compensation 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
  Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Matters 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and Related
  Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   Part  IV  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 16. 
   
  
   Form 10-K Summary 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 










    








 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 Part
I 

 


 ITEM 1 |  Bu siness 

 

   

 

 
  
   
   American International
  Group, Inc. (AIG)  
   is a leading global insurance organization.
  Founded in 1919, today we provide a wide range of property casualty
  insurance, life insurance, retirement products, and other financial services
  to commercial and individual customers in more than 80 countries and
  jurisdictions.  
   Our diverse range of products and
  services help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks
  and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed on the New
  York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
   On September 25, 2017, we announced organizational
  changes designed to best position AIG as a growing, more profitable insurer
  that is focused on underwriting excellence. In this Annual Report on Form
  10-K (Annual Report), we are presenting our businesses consistent with the
  organizational aspects of that announcement. We believe that these
  organizational changes will allow us to leverage our key strengths and focus
  on our future.  
   
  
 


 


   

 In this Annual Report, unless
otherwise mentioned or unless the context indicates otherwise, we use the terms
“AIG,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” to refer to American International
Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. We use
the term “AIG Parent” to refer solely to American International Group, Inc.,
and not to any of its consolidated subsidiaries. 









 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            3 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   
   Maximizing
  Industry Leadership and Global Footprint 
   

   
  
 


   

 

 
  
   
   World Class  
  Insurance Franchises 
   that are among
  the leaders in their categories, providing differentiated service and
  expertise. 
   
  
   Balance Sheet  
  Quality and Strength 
   as demonstrated
  by over $65 billion in shareholders’ equity and AIG Parent liquidity
  sources of $11.8 billion as of December 31, 2017. 
   
  
   Effective  
  Capital Management 
   of the largest
  shareholders’ equity  
  of any insurance company in the world (a) . 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Breadth of Customers 
   which include
  over 88 percent of companies in the Fortune Global 500 (b)  and 83
  percent of the Forbes 2000 (b) . 
   
  
   A Diverse Mix of
  Businesses 
   supported through
  a presence in most international markets. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 


 


 (a)  At June 30, 2017,
the latest date for which information was available for certain foreign
insurance companies. 

 (b)  At November 1, 2017. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   
   Creating Value Through Profitable Growth 
   

   
  
 


 
  
   
     
   AIG Priorities for 2018 
   To achieve AIG’s goal to deliver sustainable,
  profitable growth and value to its shareholders, we are focused on the
  following elements of risk management, customer service, and strategic
  growth: 
   
  
 
   
   •       Balance and Diversification of Products  –
  Shifting our business mix to grow the best-performing lines of business and
  optimizing our global footprint 
   
    
  
   •     
   Technology and Innovation 
  – Improving the tools and processes that help employees evaluate business and
  provide the best service to customers 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   •     
      
   
  
 
   
   •       Culture and Talent  – Structuring,
  resourcing, and incentivizing teams to deliver world-class performance 
   
  
     
   
  
   •     
   Capital and Growth  –
  Managing capital efficiently and growing through targeted investments in our
  businesses that create value by improving our profitability, book value per
  share and return on equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   •     
      
   
  
 
   
   •       Underwriting Excellence  – Empowering the
  underwriter and continuing to integrate underwriting, claims and actuarial to
  enable better decision making 
   
  
     
   
  
   •     
   Reinsurance Optimization 
  – Strategically partnering with reinsurers to reduce exposure to losses
  arising from frequency of large catastrophic events and the severity from
  individual risk losses 
   
  
 



   

 Highlights
for 2017 

 

 *    Non-GAAP measure –  for
reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP measure see Item 7. Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A). 

 

 

 


 

 4                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 Our Management Framework 

 


 AIG’s new
operating structure 

 Our
new operating structure is designed to reflect how our business is marketed and
underwritten, allowing us to maximize our global platform by empowering our
businesses with the best competitive advantage and ability to serve our
partners and clients.  

 Our Core businesses
include General Insurance, Life and Retirement and Other Operations. General
Insurance consists of two operating segments – North America and International.
Life and Retirement consists of four operating segments – Individual
Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets.
Blackboard U.S. Holdings, Inc. (Blackboard), AIG’s technology-driven
subsidiary, is reported within Other Operations. We also report a Legacy
Portfolio consisting of our run-off insurance lines and legacy investments that
we consider non-core. 

 Consistent with how
we now manage our business, our General Insurance North America operating
segment primarily includes insurance businesses in the United States, Canada
and Bermuda. Our General Insurance International operating segment includes
insurance businesses in Japan, the United Kingdom, Europe, the Asia Pacific
region, Latin America, Puerto Rico, Australia, the Middle East and Africa. General
Insurance results are presented before consideration of internal reinsurance
agreements. 

 We have
modified the presentation of our business segment results to reflect our new
operating structure and prior periods’ presentation has been revised to conform
to the new structure. 

 For further discussion on
our business segments see Item 7. MD&A and Note 3 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements .  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            5 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 Business Segments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   
   General Insurance 
   

   General Insurance  is a leading provider of insurance products and services for
  commercial and personal insurance customers. It includes one of the world’s
  most far-reaching property casualty networks. General Insurance offers a
  broad range of products to customers through a diversified, multichannel
  distribution network. Customers value General Insurance’s strong capital
  position, extensive risk management and claims experience and its ability to
  be a market leader in critical lines of the insurance business. 
     
      
   
  
 
   Life
  and Retirement 
   

   Life and Retirement  is a unique franchise that brings together a broad
  portfolio of life insurance, retirement and institutional products offered
  through an extensive, multichannel distribution network. It holds
  long-standing, leading market positions in many of the markets it serves in
  the U.S. With its strong capital position, customer-focused service, breadth
  of product expertise and deep distribution relationships across multiple
  channels, Life and Retirement is well positioned to serve growing market
  needs. 
     
     
            
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   General Insurance companies include the
  following major operating companies: National Union Fire Insurance Company of
  Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union); American Home Assurance Company (American
  Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); AIG General Insurance
  Company, Ltd. (AIG Sonpo);  AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd. and
  AIG Europe Limited. 
   
  
   Life and Retirement companies include
  the following major operating companies: American General Life Insurance
  Company (American General Life); The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company
  (VALIC) and The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York
  (U.S. Life). 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   Other Operations 
   

   Other
  Operations  consists of businesses and
  items not attributed to our General Insurance and Life and Retirement
  segments or our Legacy Portfolio. It includes AIG Parent; Blackboard; AIG
  Fuji Life Insurance Company, Ltd. (Fuji Life), which was sold on April 30,
  2017; United Guaranty Corporation (United Guaranty), which was sold on
  December 31, 2016; deferred tax assets related to tax attributes; corporate
  expenses and intercompany eliminations. 
   
  
 
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   

   Legacy
  Portfolio  includes Legacy General
  Insurance Run-Off Lines, Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and Legacy
  Investments. Effective in 2018, our newly formed Bermuda domiciled composite
  reinsurer, DSA Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (DSA Re) will be part of our Legacy
  Portfolio. 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
  
 


 

 

 


 

 6                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 Diversified Mix of Businesses 

 


 (dollars in millions)  

 
  
   
   
   
  
 



 *    Represents
Adjusted revenues excluding revenues from our Legacy Portfolio operations of
$4.4 billion. Consolidated International Adjusted revenues of $15.1
billion consists of Adjusted revenues from our General Insurance International
operating segment. Consolidated North America Adjusted revenues of $31.6
billion consists of Adjusted revenues from our General Insurance North America
operating segment and Life and Retirement and Other Operations reportable
segments.  For reconciliation of Adjusted revenues to Total revenues see Note
3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    

   

 Geographic Concentration 

 In 2017, 6.5
percent of our property casualty direct premiums were written in the state of
California, and 18.7 percent and 7.7 percent were written in Japan and the
United Kingdom, respectively. No other state or foreign jurisdiction accounted
for more than five percent of our property casualty direct premiums. 

 For further
information on our business segments see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

   

    

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            7 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 How We Generate
Revenues and Profitability 

 


 We earn revenues  primarily from insurance premiums, policy fees and income
from investments.  

 Our expenses  consist of policyholder benefits and losses incurred,
interest credited to policyholders, commissions and other costs of selling and
servicing our products, interest expense and general operating expenses. 

 Our profitability  is dependent on our ability to properly price and manage
risk on insurance and annuity products, to manage our portfolio of investments
effectively and to control costs through expense discipline.  

 

 Investment Activities of Our Insurance Operations 

 


 Our insurance
companies generally receive premiums and deposits well in advance of paying
covered claims or benefits. In the intervening periods, we invest these
premiums and deposits to generate net investment income that, along with the
invested funds, is available to pay claims or benefits. As a result, we
generate significant revenues from insurance investment activities. 

 Our worldwide
insurance investment policy places primary emphasis on investments in corporate
bonds, municipal bonds and government bonds in all of our portfolios, and, to a
lesser extent, investments in high yield bonds, common stock, real estate,
hedge funds and other alternative investments. Our fundamental strategy across
all of our investment portfolios is to optimize the duration characteristics of
the assets within a target range based on comparable liability characteristics,
to the extent practicable. 

 For
additional discussion of investment strategies see Item 7. MD&A — Investments. 

 

 Loss Reserve Development Process 

 


 The liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (loss reserves) represents the
accumulation of estimates for unpaid claims, including estimates for claims
incurred but not reported (IBNR) for our General Insurance companies, including
the related expenses of settling those losses. 

 The process of
establishing loss reserves is complex and imprecise because it must take into
consideration many variables that are subject to the outcome of future events.
As a result, informed subjective estimates and judgments about our ultimate
exposure to losses are an integral component of our loss reserving process.
Because reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of future events, changes
in prior year estimates are unavoidable in the insurance industry. These
changes are sometimes referred to as “prior year loss development” or “reserve
development.” 

 For further
discussion on  loss reserves and of
prior year loss development  see Item 7.
MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates — Insurance Liabilities — Loss
Reserves, Item 7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves — Loss Reserves, and Note 13 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements . 



 
  



 

 Our Employees 

 


 At AIG, we believe that a major strength of ours is the
quality and dedication of our people. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had
approximately 49,800 and 56,400 employees, respectively. We believe that our
relations with our employees are satisfactory.  

 

 

 


 

 8                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Regulation   

 


 OVERVIEW 

 Our operations around the world are subject to regulation by
many different types of regulatory authorities, including insurance,
securities, derivatives, investment advisory and thrift regulators in the
United States and abroad. The insurance and financial services industries
generally have been subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and supervision
in recent years. 

 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and other jurisdictions in which they do
business. We expect that the domestic and international regulations
applicable to us and our regulated entities will continue to evolve for the
foreseeable future. 

 Regulatory developments 

 On September 29, 2017, the Financial Stability Oversight
Council (Council) rescinded its determination that material financial distress
at AIG could pose a threat to U.S. financial stability and as a result, AIG is
no longer designated as a nonbank systemically important financial institution
(nonbank SIFI).  With the rescission of its designation as a nonbank SIFI, AIG
is no longer subject to the consolidated supervision of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (FRB) or subject to the enhanced prudential
standards set forth in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (Dodd-Frank) and its implementing regulations. 

 U.S. REGULATION 

 Dodd-Frank 

 On July 21, 2010, Dodd-Frank, which brought
about the most extensive changes to financial regulation in the United States
in many years, was signed into law.  Although the Council has rescinded its
designation of AIG as a nonbank SIFI, certain provisions of Dodd-Frank remain
relevant to insurance groups generally. 

 •       The
Council has authority to determine, subject to certain statutory and regulatory
standards, that any nonbank financial company be designated as a nonbank SIFI
subject to supervision by the FRB and enhanced prudential standards. The
Council may also recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators
apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices
that nonbank financial services companies, including insurers, engage in.  

 •       Title
II of Dodd-Frank (Orderly Liquidation Authority) provides that a financial
company whose largest United States subsidiary is an insurer may be subject to
a special orderly liquidation process outside the Bankruptcy Code. That process
is to be administered by the FDIC upon a determination that the company is: (i)
in default or in danger of default, (ii) would have serious adverse effects on
U.S. financial stability were it to fail and be resolved, (iii) is not likely
to attract private sector alternatives to default and (iv) is not suitable for
resolution under the Bankruptcy Code. Dodd-Frank authorizes possible
assessments to cover the costs of any special resolution of a financial company
conducted under Title II. U.S. insurance subsidiaries of any such financial
company, however, would be subject to rehabilitation and liquidation
proceedings under state insurance law.  

 •       Title
VII of Dodd-Frank provides for significantly increased regulation of and
restrictions on derivatives markets and transactions that have affected and, as
additional regulations come into effect, could affect various activities of
insurance and other financial services companies, including (i) regulatory
reporting for swaps and security-based swaps, (ii) mandated clearing through
central counterparties and execution through regulated swap execution
facilities for certain swaps and security-based swaps and (iii) margin and
collateral requirements.  Although the Commodities Futures Trading
Commission (CFTC), which oversees and regulates the U.S. swap, commodities and
futures markets, has finalized most of its requirements, the SEC has yet to
finalize the majority of rules comprising its security-based swap regulatory
regime. Increased regulation of and restrictions on derivatives markets and
transactions could increase the cost of our trading and hedging activities,
reduce liquidity and reduce the availability of customized hedging solutions
and derivatives. 

 •       Dodd-Frank
mandated a study to determine whether stable value contracts should be included
in the definition of "swap." If that study concludes that stable
value contracts are swaps, Dodd-Frank authorizes certain federal regulators to
determine whether an exemption from the definition of a swap for stable value
contracts is appropriate and in the public interest. Certain of our affiliates
participate in the stable value contract business. We cannot predict what
regulations might emanate from the aforementioned study or be promulgated
applicable to this business in the future. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            9 

 


   


 
 
 •     
 Title V of Dodd-Frank authorizes the United States to enter into
covered agreements with foreign governments or regulatory entities regarding
the business of insurance and reinsurance and on September 22, 2017, the U.S.
and the European Union (EU) entered into such an agreement.   For additional
information, see —International Regulation .  

 •       Dodd-Frank
established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), an independent
agency within the FRB, to regulate certain non-insurance consumer financial
products and services offered primarily for personal, family or household
purposes. Insurance products and services are not within the CFPB's general
jurisdiction. Broker-dealers and investment advisers are not subject to the
CFPB's jurisdiction when acting in their registered capacity.    

 •       Dodd-Frank
established the Federal Insurance Office (FIO) to serve as the central
insurance authority in the federal government.  While not serving a regulatory
function, FIO performs certain duties related to the business of insurance. 
FIO serves as a non-voting member of the Council, has authority to collect
information on the insurance industry and recommend prudential standards,
monitors market access issues, represents the United States in international insurance
forums, has authority to determine, after consulting with the relevant State
and the United States Trade Representative, if certain regulations are
preempted by covered agreements, and assists the Secretary of the Treasury in
administering the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program under the Terrorism Risk
Insurance Act of 2002. 

 On February 3, 2017, the President of the
United States signed an Executive Order that directed the Secretary of the
Treasury, in consultation with federal financial regulators, to assess all
laws, rules and policies that regulate the U.S. financial system, including
requirements put into place under Dodd-Frank since 2010, and to recommend
necessary changes to make sure they conform to certain core principles. 
Treasury divided its review into four parts and has published three reports to
date: Banks and Credit Unions (June 12, 2017), Capital Markets (October 6,
2017), and Asset Management and Insurance (October 26, 2017).  A fourth report
on other nonbank financial institutions, financial technology, and financial
innovation is forthcoming.  In its report on insurance regulation, Treasury
identified several areas for improvement at the federal and state levels and
defined the role it intends for federal agencies.  Among the points made in the
report:  

 •       Treasury
expressed support for an activities-based approach to regulating systemic risk
in the insurance industry rather than designating individual entities;  

 •       Treasury
recommended continued U.S. engagement in international standard-setting forums
and charged FIO with coordinating the efforts of the federal government, state
regulators, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), and
other stakeholders on the issues within its scope, such as covered agreements,
matters related to the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program, and standard-setting
at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS), including
discussions regarding capital and liquidity requirements;  

 •       Treasury
expressed support for robust liquidity risk management programs for insurers
and encouraged regulators to continue work on addressing potential liquidity
risk in the insurance sector; and  

 •       Treasury
supported the DOL in delaying full implementation of the DOL Fiduciary Rule
until relevant issues are further evaluated and addressed by the DOL, SEC, and
state insurance regulators working together.   For additional information
regarding the DOL Fiduciary Rule, see Item 7. MD&A – Executive Summary – AIG’s
Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors – Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule
and Related Regulatory Developments .   

 In addition, on April 21, 2017 the President of
the United States directed the Secretary of the Treasury to evaluate and
provide recommendations regarding the Council’s processes for designating
nonbank SIFIs. The Treasury published a report pursuant to this directive on
November 17, 2017, recommending that the Council prioritize an activities-based
approach to regulating systemic risk rather than designating individual
entities, and recommending that the Council increase the analytical rigor of
its designation analyses, enhance engagement with relevant regulators and
transparency to the public, and provide a clear off-ramp to designated nonbank
SIFIs. We will monitor developments resulting from these recommendations
closely. 

 Insurance Regulation 

 Certain states and other jurisdictions require registration
and periodic reporting by insurance companies that are licensed in such
jurisdictions and are controlled by other entities. Applicable legislation
typically requires periodic disclosure concerning the entity that controls the
registered insurer and the other companies in the holding company system and
prior approval of intercompany transactions and transfers of assets, including
in some instances payment of dividends by the insurance subsidiary, within the
holding company system. This legislation also requires any person or entity
desiring to purchase more than a specified percentage (commonly 10 percent) of
our outstanding voting securities to obtain regulatory approval prior to such
purchase. Our subsidiaries are registered under such legislation in those
jurisdictions that have such requirements.  

 Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and other jurisdictions in which they do business.
The method of such regulation varies but generally has its source in statutes
that delegate regulatory and supervisory powers to a state insurance official.
The regulation and supervision relate primarily to the financial condition of
the insurers and their corporate conduct and market conduct activities. This
includes approval of policy forms and rates, the standards of solvency that
must  
 


 

 10                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 be met and maintained, including with respect to
risk-based capital, the standards on transactions between insurance company
subsidiaries and their affiliates, including restrictions and limitations on
the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by insurance company
subsidiaries to their parent companies, the licensing of insurers and their
agents, restrictions on the size of risks that may be insured under a single
policy, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, requirements
for acceptability of reinsurers, periodic examinations of the affairs of
insurance companies, the form and content of reports of financial condition
required to be filed, reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes
and enterprise risk management and corporate governance requirements. Our
insurance subsidiaries are also subject to requirements on investments, which
prescribe the kind, quality and concentration of investments they can make. In
general, such regulation is for the protection of policyholders rather than the
creditors or equity owners of these companies.  

 U.S. states have state insurance guaranty associations in
which insurers doing business in the state are required by law to be members. 
Member insurers may be assessed by the associations for certain obligations of
insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Typically, states
assess member insurers in amounts related to the member’s proportionate share
of the relevant type of business written by all members in the state. The
protection afforded by a state’s guaranty association to policyholders of
insolvent insurers varies from state to state. 

 In the U.S., the NAIC is a standard-setting and regulatory
support organization created and governed by the chief insurance regulators
from the 50 states, the District of Columbia and five U.S. territories. The
NAIC itself is not a regulator, but, with assistance from the NAIC, state
insurance regulators establish standards and best practices, conduct peer
review and coordinate regulatory oversight. Every state has adopted, in
substantial part, the Risk-Based Capital (RBC) Model Law promulgated by the
NAIC or a substantially similar law, which allows states to act upon the
results of RBC calculations, and provides four incremental levels of regulatory
action regarding insurers whose RBC calculations fall below specific
thresholds. Those levels of action range from the requirement to submit a plan
describing how an insurer would regain a specified RBC ratio to a mandatory
regulatory takeover of the company. The RBC formula is designed to measure the
adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus in relation to the risks inherent in
its business and computes a risk-adjusted surplus level by applying discrete
factors to various asset, premium, reserve and other financial statement items.
These factors are developed to be risk-sensitive so that higher factors are
applied to items exposed to greater risk.  The statutory surplus of each
of our U.S. based insurance companies exceeded RBC minimum required levels as
of December 31, 2017. 

 If any of our insurance entities fell below prescribed levels
of statutory surplus, it would be our intention to provide appropriate capital
or other types of support to that entity.  For additional information, see
Item 7. MD&A – Liquidity and Capital Resources – Liquidity
and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries – Insurance
Companies. 

 The NAIC’s Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires insurers to establish additional statutory
reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and
universal life policies with secondary guarantees (ULSGs). NAIC Actuarial
Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation XXX as to
these guarantees, including certain ULSGs.  See Item 1A. Risk Factors and
Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for risks and additional
information related to these statutory reserving requirements.  In December
2012, the NAIC approved a new valuation manual containing a principle-based
approach to life insurance company reserves. Principle-based reserving (PBR) is
designed to tailor the reserving process to specific products in an effort to
create a principle-based modeling approach to reserving rather than the
factor-based approach historically employed. PBR became effective on January 1,
2017, after the NAIC’s model Standard Valuation Law was enacted by the
requisite number of states representing the required premium volume, replacing
Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX with respect to new life insurance business
issued after that date. Two of our domiciliary states (Missouri and Texas) have
adopted the regulations necessary to implement PBR. A third domiciliary state
(New York) has approved PBR for new products written by regulated life insurers
effective January 1, 2018. We have up to three years after January 1, 2017 to
implement PBR, and have currently elected to defer implementation. 

 The NAIC’s Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act
(the Model Holding Company Act) and the Insurance Holding Company System Model
Regulation include (i) provisions authorizing NAIC commissioners to act as
global group-wide supervisors for internationally active insurance groups and
participate in international supervisory colleges, and (ii) the requirement
that the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer file an annual
enterprise risk report with its lead state regulator identifying risks likely
to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of
its licensed insurers or the insurance holding company system as a whole. All
of the states where AIG has domestic insurers have enacted a version of the
revised Model Holding Company Act, including the enterprise risk reporting
requirement. 

 The NAIC’s Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency
Assessment Model Act (ORSA) requires that insurers maintain a risk management
framework and conduct an internal own risk and solvency assessment of the
insurer’s material risks in normal and stressed environments. All of the states
where AIG has domestic insurers have enacted a version of ORSA. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            11 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 The NAIC is currently considering
adoption of model standards, and state regulators are currently considering
implementing regulations, that would apply an impartial conduct standard
similar to the DOL Fiduciary Rule to recommendations made in connection with
certain life insurance policies and annuities. For example, on December 27,
2017, the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) proposed
regulations that would adopt a “best interest” standard for the sale of life
insurance and annuity products in New York.  For additional information
regarding the DOL Fiduciary Rule, see Item 7. MD&A – Executive
Summary – AIG’s Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors – Department of Labor
Fiduciary Rule and Related Regulatory Developments .  

 ERISA Considerations  

 We provide products and services that are subject to the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), or the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code). 
Plans subject to ERISA include pension and profit sharing plans and welfare
plans, including health, life and disability plans.  As a result, our
activities are subject to the restrictions imposed by ERISA and the Internal
Revenue Code, including the requirement under ERISA that fiduciaries must
perform their duties solely in the interests of ERISA plan participants and
beneficiaries, and that fiduciaries may not cause a covered plan to engage in
certain prohibited transactions.  ERISA also provides for civil and
criminal penalties and enforcement.  

 For additional information regarding the DOL Fiduciary
Rule, see Item 7. MD&A – Executive Summary – AIG’s Outlook –
Industry and Economic Factors – Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule and Related
Regulatory Developments .  

 Investment Adviser, Broker-Dealer and Investment Company
Regulation 

 Our investment products and services are subject to federal
and state securities, fiduciary, including ERISA, and other laws and
regulations. The SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), CFTC,
state securities commissions, state insurance departments and the DOL are the
principal U.S. regulators of these operations. 

 The subsidiaries that manage the operations of our investment
products are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940 and are required to supervise the activities of their
personnel.  Our affiliates that offer interests in insurance company
separate accounts, mutual funds and other pooled investment products, and that
provide other financial services to customers, are registered as broker-dealers
with the SEC under the Exchange Act and with certain states, and are also
members of FINRA.  Our broker-dealer subsidiaries and their personnel are
subject to examination by the SEC, FINRA, and the states for compliance with
law, and certain personnel of these broker-dealers are also required to pass
qualification examinations.  Sales to retirement accounts are subject to
the DOL Fiduciary Rule.  The investment products that are offered by our affiliates
may be registered under the Securities Act, which regulates disclosure
regarding the products, and/or the Investment Company of 1940, which imposes
substantive regulation on the structure and governance of the products, as well
as being subject to insurance regulation in the case of separate
accounts.  Some products may also be qualified for sale in various states,
the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. 

 For additional information regarding the DOL Fiduciary
Rule, see Item 7. MD&A – Executive Summary – AIG’s Outlook –
Industry and Economic Factors – Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule and Related
Regulatory Developments .  

 Data Protection and Cybersecurity 

 We are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that
require financial institutions and other businesses to protect the security and
confidentiality of personal information and provide notice of their practices
relating to the collection and disclosure of personal information. We also are
subject to laws and regulations requiring notification to affected individuals
and regulators of security breaches. In addition, we must comply with laws and
regulations regarding the cross-border transfer of information.  

 In October 2017, the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security
Model Law, which would require insurers, insurance producers and other entities
required to be licensed under state insurance laws to develop and maintain a
written information security program, conduct risk assessments, oversee the
data security practices of third-party service providers and other related
requirements.  It is not clear whether or not, or in what form, the Insurance
Data Security Model Law will be adopted by states in which we have licensed
insurers and other licensed subsidiaries.  

 Effective March 1, 2017, the NYDFS promulgated a
cybersecurity regulation requiring covered financial services institutions to
implement a cybersecurity program designed to protect information systems. The
regulation imposes specific technical safeguards as well as governance, risk
assessment, monitoring and testing, third party service provider incident
response and reporting and other requirements. The regulation sets forth
transitional periods for compliance with different sections of the regulation
through early 2019. Requirements under the NYDFS’ cybersecurity regulation are
similar to those under the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law, with some
differences.  

 For information on data protection regulation in the EU,
see International Regulation – Data Protection.  


 


 

 12                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Thrift Regulator 

 AIG Federal Savings Bank, our trust-only federal thrift
subsidiary, is supervised and regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency. 

 INTERNATIONAL REGULATION 

 Insurance Regulation 

 A substantial portion of our business is conducted in foreign
countries. The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions
varies. Generally, our subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements; licenses issued by foreign authorities
to our subsidiaries are subject to modification or revocation by such
authorities, and therefore these subsidiaries could be prevented from
conducting business in certain of the jurisdictions where they currently
operate.  

 Certain jurisdictions require registration and periodic
reporting by insurance companies that are licensed in such jurisdictions and
are controlled by other entities. Applicable legislation typically requires
periodic disclosure concerning the entity that controls the registered insurer
and the other companies in the holding company system and prior approval of
intercompany transactions and transfers of assets, including in some instances
payment of dividends by the insurance subsidiary within the holding company
system. Our subsidiaries are registered under such legislation in those
jurisdictions that have such requirements. 

 In addition to these licensing and other requirements, our
foreign operations are also regulated in various jurisdictions with respect to
currency, policy language and terms, advertising, amount and type of security
deposits, amount and type of reserves, amount and type of capital to be held,
amount and type of local investment and the share of profits to be returned to
policyholders on participating policies. Some foreign countries regulate rates
on various types of policies. Certain countries have established reinsurance
institutions, wholly or partially owned by the local government, to which
admitted insurers are obligated to cede a portion of their business on terms
that may not always allow foreign insurers, including our subsidiaries, full
compensation. In some countries, regulations governing constitution of
technical reserves and remittance balances may hinder remittance of profits and
repatriation of assets.  

 Legislation in the EU could also affect our international
insurance operations. The European Parliament issues Directives on a wide range
of topics that impact financial services. Insurance companies operating in the
EU are subject to the Solvency II framework. The Prudential Regulatory Authority,
the United Kingdom’s (UK’s) prudential regulator, is our lead EU prudential
supervisor.  For information on the UK’s pending withdrawal of its membership
in the EU, see —Brexit . The UK’s Financial Conduct Authority has oversight
of AIG’s operations for consumer protection and competition matters within the
UK. In addition, financial companies that operate in the EU are subject to a
range of regulations enforced by the national regulators in each member state
in which that firm operates. The EU has also established a set of regulatory
requirements under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) that
include, among other things, risk mitigation, risk management, regulatory
reporting and clearing requirements. Solvency II governs the insurance industry’s
solvency framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements,
governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards. In
accordance with Solvency II, the European Commission is required to make a
determination as to whether a supervisory regime outside of the EU is
“equivalent.”  

 On
September 22, 2017, the U.S. Treasury Department and the Office of the U.S.
Trade Representative, on behalf of the U.S., and the EU signed the bilateral
Covered Agreement, which is intended to address issues regarding the
application of Solvency II requirements to U.S.-based insurance groups as well
as other (re)insurance regulatory issues. While the signatures by both parties
will allow for the provisional application of the agreement, the agreement is
still subject to approval by the European Parliament before it enters into
force. Other aspects of the agreement remain subject to an implementation
timetable in the U.S. and the EU, which may delay or even prevent the agreement
from being fully implemented.  In particular, the U.S. states will be
given a period of five years to comply with the agreement’s reinsurance
collateral provisions.   After 42 months, FIO must begin evaluating a
potential preemption determination with respect to any state law not in
compliance with the aim of assuring full compliance within the five-year
timeframe.   The
agreement may be terminated (following mandatory consultation) by notice from
one party to the other effective in 180 days, or at such time as the parties may
agree. 

 The agreement provides that AIG will be supervised at the
worldwide group level only by its relevant U.S. insurance supervisors, and that
it will not have to satisfy EU Solvency II group capital, reporting and
governance requirements for its worldwide group. The agreement, however, would
permit the imposition of EU Solvency II group capital requirements if, after
five years from the signing of the agreement, a U.S. insurer is not subject to
a group capital assessment by its applicable state regulator. The NAIC is in
the process of developing a group capital calculation that, once adopted by the
states, is expected to satisfy this condition. The agreement further provides
that if the summary risk reports submitted to the supervisory authority of a host
jurisdiction expose any serious threat to policyholder protection or financial
stability in such host state, the host supervisor may request further
information from the insurance group and/or impose preventive or corrective
measures with respect to the (re)insurer in its jurisdiction. The agreement
also seeks to impose equal treatment of U.S. and EU-based reinsurers that meet
certain qualifications.  In the U.S., once  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            13 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 fully
implemented, the agreement requires U.S. states to lift reinsurance collateral requirements
on qualifying EU-based reinsurers and provide them equal treatment with U.S.
reinsurers or be subject to federal preemption. While this provision does not
preclude AIG from continuing to request collateral from an EU reinsurer that is
party to a bilateral reinsurance transaction, it is unclear how much collateral
AIG will be able to obtain from EU reinsurers going forward. 

 Data Protection  

 The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will take
effect in May 2018.  The GDPR aims to introduce consistent data protection
rules across the EU, and its scope will extend to entities established within
the European Economic Area (EEA) (i.e., EU member states plus Iceland,
Liechtenstein and Norway) and may extend to certain entities not established in
the EEA (if they process personal data of or offer goods or services to EEA
data subjects or monitor the behavior of EEA data subjects (e.g., in an online
context)).  

 The GDPR contains a number of new requirements regarding the
processing of personal data about individuals, including mandatory security
breach reporting, new and strengthened individual rights, evidenced data
controller accountability for compliance with the GDPR principles (including
fairness and transparency), maintenance of data processing activity records and
the implementation of “privacy by design”, including through the completion of
mandatory Data Protection Impact Assessments in connection with higher risk
data processing activities.  

 For additional information on data protection and
cybersecurity regulation generally, see U.S. Regulation – Data Protection and
Cybersecurity. 

 FSB and IAIS  

 The Financial Stability Board (FSB) consists of
representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 countries. The FSB
itself is not a regulator but is focused primarily on promoting international
financial stability. It does so by coordinating the work of national financial
authorities and international standard-setting bodies as well as developing and
promoting the implementation of regulatory, supervisory and other financial
policies. The FSB has issued a series of frameworks and recommendations
intended to produce significant changes in how financial companies,
particularly global systemically important financial institutions, should be regulated.
These frameworks and recommendations address such issues as systemic financial
risk, financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards, corporate
governance including compensation, and a number of related issues associated
with responses to the financial crisis.  

 The IAIS represents insurance regulators and supervisors of
more than 200 jurisdictions (including regions and states) in nearly 140
countries and seeks to promote globally consistent insurance industry
supervision. The IAIS itself is not a regulator, but one of its activities is
to develop insurance regulatory standards for use by local authorities across
the globe. The FSB has charged the IAIS with developing a framework for
measuring systemic risks posed by insurance groups and has directed the IAIS to
create standards relative to many of the areas of focus of the FSB, which go
beyond the IAIS’ basic Insurance Core Principles. The IAIS is developing
ComFrame, a Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance
Groups (IAIGs). ComFrame sets out qualitative and quantitative standards in
order to assist supervisors in collectively addressing an IAIG’s activities and
risks, identifying and avoiding regulatory gaps and coordinating supervisory
activities.  ComFrame is expected to include standards for group
supervision, governance and internal controls, enterprise risk management, and
recovery and resolution planning.  Also in connection with ComFrame, the IAIS
is in the process of developing a risk-based global insurance capital standard
(ICS) applicable to IAIGs.  We currently meet the parameters set forth to
define an IAIG.  ComFrame standards are expected to be finalized in 2019.
On November 2, 2017, the IAIS announced a new timeline and process for the
development of the ICS. Following completion of field testing in 2019, the IAIS
will put forward ICS version 2.0 for implementation in 2020. Implementation of
ICS version 2.0 will consist of two phases: (1) a five year monitoring phase in
which ICS version 2.0 will be used for confidential reporting to group-wide
supervisors and discussion in supervisory colleges; and (2) an implementation
phase whereby the ICS will be applied as a group-wide prescribed capital
requirement at which point results will be used as the basis for supervisory
action. Confidential reporting of ICS version 2.0 will include mandatory
reporting by all insurance groups of a standard formula based on market
adjusted valuation and the option, at the discretion of the group-wide
supervisor, of additional ICS reporting based on GAAP with adjustments and/or
an internal model based-calculation. In recognition of the fact that the U.S.
Federal Reserve and the NAIC have announced plans to develop an “aggregation
method” for a group capital calculation, the IAIS has agreed to aid in the
development of - and collect data from jurisdictions that are party to - the
aggregation method. Although the aggregation method will not be part of ICS
version 2.0, the IAIS aims to be in a position at the end of the monitoring
phase to determine whether the aggregated approach provides substantially the
same outcome as the ICS in which case it could be incorporated into the ICS as
an outcome-equivalent approach. 

 In February 2017, the IAIS announced the adoption of a three-year
systemic risk assessment and policy workplan due to be finalized by year-end
2019. This initiative is comprised of a new macroprudential activities-based
approach (ABA) to regulating systemic risk which will be developed in
conjunction with the IAIS’ previously announced work in finalizing ComFrame,
including the ICS, as well as  
 


 

 14                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 any improvements to the
methodology for identifying global systemically important insurers (G-SIIs).
Based on the IAIS’ G-SII assessment methodology, since July 2013 the FSB has
published an annual list of G-SIIs, which has included us. However, on November
30, 2017 the FSB announced that it would not be proceeding with the publication
of a G-SII list for 2017 in light of the IAIS’ development of the ABA and its
implications for the assessment of systemic risk in insurance and, by
extension, the identification of G-SIIs and related policy measures for G-SIIs.
The FSB plans to re-assess the situation in November 2018, based on the IAIS’
progress in finalizing the ABA framework. In the interim, the IAIS will
continue to collect data for the G-SII identification process and G-SII policy
measures are intended to continue to apply to those insurers identified on the
FSB’s 2016 G-SII list. The IAIS intends G-SIIs to be subject to a policy
framework that includes recovery and resolution planning, enhanced group-wide
supervision, enhanced liquidity and systemic risk management planning; and
group-wide capital standards, including higher loss absorbency (HLA) capital.
The IAIS’ basic capital requirement (BCR) was endorsed by the FSB in October
2014 and by the G20 countries in November 2014.  The BCR covers all group
activities of G-SIIs, and we report our BCR ratios to supervisory authorities
annually on a confidential basis.  The BCR serves as the initial
foundation for the application of HLA requirements, although the IAIS has
indicated that the BCR will eventually be replaced by the ICS.  In October
2015, the IAIS announced that it had concluded initial development of the HLA
requirements, according to which we reported on a confidential basis to
supervisors in 2016 and 2017. The IAIS had announced that expected revisions to
the initial HLA requirements would occur once the systemic risk assessment and
policy workplan were finalized and adopted, anticipated to be by 2019. However,
in light of the new timeline announced on November 2, 2017 for development of
the ICS, including a five-year monitoring phase and subsequent implementation
phase, it is unclear how HLA might apply in the future. It is not known how any
standards that might result from the IAIS’ initiatives might be implemented in
the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world, or how they might apply to
AIG.  

 The standards issued by the FSB and/or the IAIS are not
binding on the United States or other jurisdictions around the world unless and
until the appropriate local governmental bodies or regulators adopt appropriate
laws and regulations.  At this time, it is not known how the IAIS’
frameworks and/or standards might be implemented in the United States and other
jurisdictions around the world, or how they might apply to us. 

 Brexit 

 On
June 23, 2016, the UK held a referendum in which a majority voted for the UK to
withdraw its membership in the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit. The terms of
withdrawal are subject to a formal negotiation period which was initiated on
March 29, 2017 through the invocation of Article 50 of the Treaty on European
Union. Negotiations on Brexit could, by treaty, last up to two years. It is not
clear at this stage (and may not be for some time) what form the UK’s future
relationship with the remaining EU member states will take. We have significant
operations and employees in the UK and other EU member states, including AIG
Europe Ltd., which enjoys certain benefits based on the UK’s membership in the
EU. In order to adapt to Brexit, on March 8, 2017, we announced plans to
reorganize our operations and legal entity structure in the UK and the EU
through the establishment of a new European subsidiary in Luxembourg. The
reorganization is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2018,
subject to regulatory and court approvals. Future regulatory, tax or other
developments may affect this reorganization and result in changes to our plans. 

 Derivatives  

 Regulation of and restrictions on derivatives markets and
transactions have been proposed or adopted outside the United States.  For
instance, the EU has also established a set of new regulatory requirements for
EU derivatives activities under EMIR. These requirements include, among other
things, various risk mitigation, risk management, margin posting and regulatory
reporting requirements that have already become effective and clearing
requirements that were outlined in EU delegated legislation at the end of 2015
and are phased in over three years. These requirements could result in
increased administrative costs with respect to our EU derivatives activities
and overlapping or inconsistent regulation depending on the ultimate
application of cross-border regulatory requirements between and among U.S. and
non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

 Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID) II 

 The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II) and
Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation took effect in Europe on January 3,
2018.  MiFID II and the related regulations are intended to create transparency
in market trading by, for example, imposing trade and transaction reporting and
other requirements. AIG Asset Management (Europe) Limited (AAMEL) has prepared
for the implementation deadline over the last two years and is continuing to
work with data providers, other market participants and AAMEL’s regulator on
compliance with MiFID II and the related regulations. 

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            15 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Available
Information about AIG 

 


 Our
corporate website is  www.aig.com .
 We make available free of charge, through the Investor Information section
of our corporate website, the following reports (and related amendments as
filed with the SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are
electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC:  

 •       Annual
Reports on Form 10-K 

 •       Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q  

 •       Current
Reports on Form 8-K 

 •     
 Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, as well as other filings
with the SEC 

 Also available on our corporate website: 

 •       Charters
for Board Committees:  Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance,
Compensation and Management Resources, Risk and Capital, Regulatory, Compliance
and Public Policy, and Technology Committees  

 •       Corporate
Governance Guidelines  ( which include Director Independence Standards )  

 •       Director,
Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officer Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics (we will post on our website any amendment or waiver to this Code within
the time period required by the SEC) 

 •       Employee
Code of Conduct 

 •     
 Related‑Party Transactions Approval Policy  

 Except for the documents specifically incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, information contained on our
website or that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated by
reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reference to our website
is made as an inactive textual reference. 








 
 


 

 16                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 ITEM 1A |  Risk
Factors    

 Investing
in AIG involves risk. In deciding whether to invest in AIG, you should
carefully consider the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors could
have a significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. They could also cause significant
fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. Readers
should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of
all potential risks that could affect AIG. These factors should be considered
carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the
other reports and materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Further, many of these risks are interrelated and could
occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of
certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of
others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact
of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity. 

 MARKET CONDITIONS 

 Deterioration of economic
conditions, geopolitical tensions or weakening in global capital markets may
materially affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity.   Our businesses are highly dependent on
global economic and market conditions. Weaknesses in economic conditions and
the capital markets have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a poor
operating environment, erosion of consumer and investor confidence, reduced
business volumes, deteriorating liquidity and declines in asset valuations.
Adverse economic conditions may result from global economic and political
developments, including plateauing business activity and inflationary pressures
in developed economies, uncertainty surrounding China’s ability to successfully
maintain growth, the effects of Brexit (as defined below) on business
investment, hiring, migration and labor supply, intensifying trade
protectionism, and tensions over North Korea’s nuclear program. These and other
market, economic, and political factors could have a material adverse effect on
our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity in
many ways, including (i) lower levels of consumer and commercial business
activities that could decrease revenues and profitability and decrease value in
goodwill, deferred tax assets and other long term assets, (ii) increases in
credit spreads and defaults that could reduce investment asset valuations,
increase credit losses across numerous asset classes, and increase statutory
capital requirements and (iii) increased market volatility and uncertainty that
could decrease liquidity and increase borrowing costs.  Other ways in
which we could be negatively affected by economic conditions include, but are
not limited to: increases in policy surrenders and cancellations; write-offs of
deferred policy acquisition costs; increases in liability for future policy
benefits due to loss recognition on certain long-duration insurance contracts;
and increases in expenses associated with reinsurance, or decreased ability to
obtain reinsurance at acceptable terms. 

 Sustained low interest rates,
or rapidly increasing interest rates, may materially and adversely affect our
profitability.   Recent periods have been characterized by low interest
rates relative to historical levels.   Sustained low interest
rates can negatively affect the performance of our investment securities and
reduce the level of investment income earned on our investment portfolios. If a
low interest rate environment persists, we may experience lower investment
income growth. Due to practical and capital markets limitations, we may not be
able to fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our
assets relative to our liabilities. Continued low interest rates could also
impair our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving
for our products at the time they were sold and issued. Changes in interest
rates may be correlated with inflation trends, which would impact our loss
trends. 

 On the other hand, in periods of rapidly increasing interest
rates, we may not be able to replace, in a timely manner, the investments in
our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher
crediting rates necessary to keep interest rate sensitive products competitive.
Therefore, we may have to accept a lower credit spread and, thus, lower
profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts
and related assets. In addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may
tend to increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived
returns as interest rates rise. This process may result in cash outflows
requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of those
investments are adversely affected by the increase in interest rates. This may
result in realized investment losses. An increase in interest rates could also
have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for
example, by decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities
that comprise a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. This in turn
could adversely affect our ability to realize our deferred tax assets. 

 Reserves and Exposures 

 Insurance liabilities are
difficult to predict and may exceed the related reserves for losses and loss
expenses.  We regularly review the adequacy of the established loss
reserves and conduct extensive analyses of our reserves during the year. Our
loss reserves, however, may develop adversely and materially impact our
businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            17 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 For General Insurance, estimation of
ultimate net losses, loss expenses and loss reserves is a complex process,
particularly for long-tail liability lines of business. These lines include,
but are not limited to, general liability, commercial automobile liability,
environmental, workers' compensation, excess casualty and crisis management
coverages, insurance and risk management programs for large corporate customers
and other customized structured insurance products, as well as excess and
umbrella liability, errors and omissions, products liability, programs and
specialty. There is also greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with
respect to new business, particularly new business that is generated with
respect to more recently introduced product lines. In these cases, there is
less historical experience or knowledge and less data upon which the actuaries
can rely. Estimating reserves is further complicated by unexpected claims or
unintended coverages that emerge due to changing conditions. These emerging
issues may increase the size or number of claims beyond our underwriting intent
and may not become apparent for many years after a policy is issued. 

 While we use a number of analytical reserve development
techniques to project future loss development, reserves have been and may be
significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development
factors that were relied upon in setting the reserves. For example, in 2017, 2016
and 2015, we recorded net charges of $1.0 billion, $5.4 billion and $3.3
billion, respectively, to strengthen our General Insurance loss reserves,
reflecting adverse development in classes of business with long reporting
tails, primarily in Casualty and Financial Lines. These changes in loss cost
trends or loss development factors could be due to changes in actual versus
expected claims and losses, difficulties in predicting changes, such as changes
in inflation, unemployment duration, or other social or economic factors affecting
claims, including the judicial environment. Any deviation in loss cost trends
or in loss development factors might not be identified for an extended period
of time after we record the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident
year or number of years.  

 For Life and Retirement, experience may develop adversely
such that additional reserves must be established. Adverse experience could
arise out of a severe short term event such as a pandemic, or due to
misestimation of long-term assumptions such as mortality improvement and
interest rate assumptions. While mortality experience is relatively stable due
to the large amount of historical data available, assumptions in respect of
other variables, such as policyholder behavior can be more difficult to
estimate and may have a significant impact on reserves. Life and Retirement
reserves and assumptions are reviewed quarterly and loss recognition testing
and cash flow testing is carried out annually.  

 For a further discussion of our loss reserves see Item 7.
MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates — Insurance Liabilities —
Loss Reserves and Insurance Reserves — Loss Reserves and Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our consolidated results of
operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the
effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events.  Events such as
hurricanes, windstorms, flooding, earthquakes, wildfires, solar storms, acts of
terrorism, explosions and fires, cyber-crimes, product defects, pandemic and
other highly contagious diseases, mass torts and other catastrophes have
adversely affected our business in the past and could do so in the future. For
example, we had pre-tax catastrophe losses of $3.0 billion in the third quarter
of 2017, which included losses from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and the
earthquake in Mexico and pre-tax catastrophe losses of $766 million in the
fourth quarter of 2017, which included losses from the California wildfires.  In
addition, we recognize the scientific consensus that climate change is a
reality of increasing concern, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse
gases, a warming atmosphere and ocean, diminished snow and ice, and sea level
rise. We understand that climate change potentially poses a serious financial threat
to society as a whole, with implications for the insurance industry in areas
such as catastrophe risk perception, pricing and modeling assumptions. Because
there is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate change,
we cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses may
impact our business.   

 Such
catastrophic events, and any relevant regulations, could expose us to: 

 •       widespread
claim costs associated with property, workers’ compensation, A&H, business
interruption and mortality and morbidity claims; 

 •       loss
resulting from a decline in the value of our invested assets; 

 •       limitations
on our ability to recover deferred tax assets;  

 •       loss
resulting from actual policy experience that is adverse compared to the
assumptions made in product pricing;  

 •       declines
in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other entities whose
securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with and have credit
exposure to, including reinsurers, and declines in the value of investments;
and  

 •       significant
interruptions to our systems and operations. 

 Natural and man-made catastrophic events are
generally unpredictable.  Our exposure to catastrophic-related loss depends on
various factors, including the frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the
rate of inflation and the value and geographic or other concentrations of
insured companies and individuals. Vendor models and proprietary assumptions
and processes that we use to manage catastrophe exposure may prove to be
ineffective due to incorrect assumptions or estimates.   


 


 

 18                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 In addition, legislative and
regulatory initiatives and court decisions following major catastrophes could
require us to pay the insured beyond the provisions of the original insurance
policy and may prohibit the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated
catastrophe claims. 

 For further details on potential catastrophic events,
including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see
Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management — Insurance Risks .  

 Reinsurance may not be
available or affordable and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. 
Our subsidiaries are major purchasers of reinsurance and we use reinsurance as
part of our overall risk management strategy. While reinsurance does not
discharge our subsidiaries from their obligation to pay claims for losses
insured under our policies, it does make the reinsurer liable to them for the
reinsured portion of the risk. For this reason, reinsurance is an important
tool to manage transaction and insurance line risk retention and to mitigate
losses from catastrophes. Market conditions beyond our control may impact the
availability and cost of reinsurance and could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example,
reinsurance may be more difficult or costly to obtain after a year with a large
number of major catastrophes. We may, at certain times, be forced to incur
additional costs for reinsurance or may be unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance
on acceptable terms. In the latter case, we would have to accept an increase in
exposure to risk, reduce the amount of business written by our subsidiaries or
seek alternatives in line with our risk limits.  

 Additionally, we are exposed to credit risk with respect to
our subsidiaries’ reinsurers to the extent the reinsurance receivable is not
secured by collateral or does not benefit from other credit enhancements. We
also bear the risk that a reinsurer may be unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded
as reinsurance recoverable for any reason, including that (i) the terms of the
reinsurance contract do not reflect the intent of the parties of the contract
or there is a disagreement between the parties as to their intent, (ii) the
terms of the contract cannot be legally enforced, (iii) the terms of the
contract are interpreted by a court or arbitration panel differently than
intended, (iv) the reinsurance transaction performs differently than we
anticipated due to a flawed design of the reinsurance structure, terms or
conditions, or (v) a change in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation
of the laws and regulations, materially impacts a reinsurance transaction. The
insolvency of one or more of our reinsurers, or inability or unwillingness to make
timely payments under the terms of our contracts, could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and liquidity.  

 Additionally, the use of reinsurance placed in the capital
markets, may not provide the same levels of protection as traditional
reinsurance transactions. Any disruption, volatility and uncertainty in these
markets, such as following a major catastrophic event, may limit our ability to
access such markets on terms favorable to us or at all. Also, to the extent
that we intend to use structures based on an industry loss index or other
non-indemnity trigger rather than on actual losses incurred by us, we could be
subject to residual risk.  

 We currently have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist
attacks. Further, the availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism
is limited. We rely heavily on the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (TRIP),
which provides U.S. government risk assistance to the insurance industry to
manage the exposure to terrorism incidents in the U.S. TRIP was reauthorized in
January 2015 and is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020. Under TRIP, once
our losses for certain acts of terrorism exceed a deductible equal to 20
percent of our commercial property and casualty insurance premiums for covered
lines for the prior calendar year, the federal government will reimburse us for
losses in excess of our deductible, starting at 85 percent of losses in 2015
(83 percent in 2017), and reducing by one percentage point each year, ending at
80 percent in 2020, up to a total industry program limit of $100 billion. TRIP
does not cover losses in certain lines of business such as consumer property
and consumer casualty. We also rely on the government sponsored and government
arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in
applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions.  

 For additional information on our reinsurance recoverable,
see   Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management —
Insurance Risks — Reinsurance Activities — Reinsurance Recoverable .  

 Interest rate fluctuations,
increased lapses and surrenders, declining investment returns and other events
may require our subsidiaries to accelerate the amortization of deferred policy
acquisition costs (DAC) and record additional liabilities for future policy
benefits.  We incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new
and renewal insurance business. DAC represents deferred costs that are
incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business
or renewal of existing business. The recovery of these costs is generally
dependent upon the future profitability of the related business, but DAC
amortization varies based on the type of contract. For long-duration
traditional business, DAC is generally amortized in proportion to premium
revenue and varies with lapse experience.  Actual lapses in excess of
expectations can result in an acceleration of DAC amortization. 

 DAC for investment-oriented products is generally amortized
in proportion to estimated gross profits.  Estimated gross profits are affected
by a number of assumptions, including current and expected interest rates, net
investment income and spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees,
surrender rates, mortality experience and equity market returns and
volatility.  If actual and/or future estimated gross profits are less than
originally expected, then the amortization of these costs would be accelerated
in the period the actual experience is known and would result in a charge to
income.  For example, if interest rates rise rapidly and significantly,
customers with policies that have interest crediting rates below the current
market may seek competing products with higher returns  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            19 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 and
we may experience an increase in surrenders and withdrawals of life and annuity
contracts, resulting in a decrease in future profitability and an acceleration
of the amortization of DAC.  

 We also periodically review products for potential loss
recognition events, principally insurance-oriented products.  This review
involves estimating the future profitability of in-force business and requires
significant management judgment about assumptions including mortality,
morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns, including
net realized capital gains (losses). If actual experience or estimates result
in projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining DAC
and record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit
expense, which could negatively affect our results of operations.   

 For further discussion of DAC and future policy benefits,
see Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates and Notes 9 and 13 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Investment Portfolio, Concentration of Investments,
Insurance and other Exposures 

 The performance and value of
our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including changes in interest rates.   Our investment securities are
subject to market risks and uncertainties. In particular, interest rates are
highly sensitive to many factors, including monetary and fiscal policy,
domestic and international economic and political issues and other factors
beyond our control. Changes in monetary policy or other factors may cause
interest rate volatility, which would adversely affect the value of the fixed
income securities that we hold and could adversely affect our ability to sell
these securities. In addition, the evaluation of available-for-sale securities
for other-than-temporary impairments, which may occur if interest rates rise,
is a quantitative and qualitative process that is subject to significant
management judgment. 

 For a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain
market risk factors see Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Market
Risk Management .  

 Additionally, on July 27, 2017, the UK Financial Conduct
Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit
rates for the calculation of the LIBOR rates after 2021, which is expected to
result in these widely used reference rates no longer being available. At this
time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any such changes, any
establishment of alternative reference rates or any other reforms to LIBOR that
may be enacted in the UK or elsewhere. Uncertainty as to the nature of such
potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely
affect the trading market for LIBOR-based securities, including those held in
our investment portfolio.  

 For discussion regarding changes to LIBOR rates, see
“Changes in the method for determining LIBOR and the potential replacement of
LIBOR may affect our cost of capital and net investment income” below. 

 Furthermore, our alternative investment portfolio includes
investments for which changes in fair value are reported through operating
income and are therefore subject to significant volatility.  In an economic
downturn or declining market, the reduction in our investment income due to
decreases in the fair value of alternative investments could have a material
adverse effect on operating income. 

 Our investment portfolio is
concentrated in certain segments of the economy.  Our results of
operations and financial condition have in the past been, and may in the future
be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our investment
portfolio. We have significant exposure in real estate and real estate-related
securities, including residential mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed
and other asset-backed securities and commercial mortgage loans. We also have
significant exposures to financial institutions and, in particular, to money
center and global banks; certain industries, such as energy and utilities; U.S.
state and local government issuers and authorities; and Euro-Zone financial
institutions, governments and corporations. Events or developments that have a
negative effect on any particular industry, asset class, group of related
industries or geographic region may adversely affect our investments to the
extent they are concentrated in such segments. Our ability to sell assets
concentrated in such segments may be limited. 

 Concentration of our insurance
and other risk exposures may have adverse
effects.  We may be exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in our
insurance policies, derivatives and other obligations that we undertake for
customers and counterparties. We manage these concentration risks by monitoring
the accumulation of our exposures to factors such as exposure type, industry,
geographic region, counterparty and other factors. We also seek to use
reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to limit or offset exposures that
exceed the limits we wish to retain. In certain circumstances, however, these
risk management arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms or may
prove to be ineffective for certain exposures. Also, our exposure for certain
single risk coverages and other coverages may be so large that adverse
experience compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on
our consolidated results of operations or result in additional statutory capital
requirements for our subsidiaries.  

 Also see Item 7. MD&A – Business Segment Operations – General
Insurance – Business Strategy and  – Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors. 
  


 


 

 20                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 Our
valuation of investment securities may include methodologies, estimations and
assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in
changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.   During periods of market disruption, it may be
difficult to value certain of our investment securities if trading becomes less
frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be cases where
certain assets in normally active markets with significant observable data
become inactive with insufficient observable data due to the financial
environment or market conditions in effect at that time. As a result,
valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or
require greater estimation and judgment as well as valuation methods that are
more complex. These values may not be realized in a market transaction, may not
reflect the value of the asset and may change very rapidly as market conditions
change and valuation assumptions are modified. Decreases in value and/or an
inability to realize that value in a market transaction or secured lending
transaction may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. 

 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL AND CREDIT 

 AIG Parent’s ability to access
funds from our subsidiaries is limited.  As a holding company, AIG Parent
depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to
fund dividends on AIG Common Stock, to fund repurchases of AIG Common Stock,
warrants and debt obligations and to make payments due on its obligations,
including its outstanding debt. The majority of our investments are held by our
regulated subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries may be limited in their ability to
make dividend payments or other distributions to AIG Parent in the future
because of the need to support their own capital levels or because of
regulatory limits or rating agency requirements. The inability of our
subsidiaries to make payments, dividends or other distributions in an amount
sufficient to enable AIG Parent to meet its cash requirements could have an
adverse effect on our operations, and on our ability to pay dividends,
repurchase AIG Common Stock, warrants and debt obligations or to meet our debt
service obligations. 

 Our internal sources of liquidity
may be insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be
required by our subsidiaries.  We need liquidity to pay our operating
expenses, interest on our debt, maturing debt obligations and to meet capital
needs of our subsidiaries. If our liquidity is insufficient to meet our needs,
we may at the time need to have recourse to third-party financing, external
capital markets or other sources of liquidity, which may not be available or
could be prohibitively expensive. The availability and cost of any additional
financing at any given time depends on a variety of factors, including general
market conditions, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability
of credit, regulatory actions and our credit ratings and credit capacity. It is
also possible that, as a result of such recourse to external financing,
customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our
long- or short-term financial prospects. Disruptions, volatility and
uncertainty in the financial markets, and downgrades in our credit ratings, may
limit our ability to access external capital markets at times and on terms
favorable to us to meet our capital and liquidity needs or prevent our
accessing the external capital markets or other financing sources.  

 For a further discussion of our liquidity, see   Item 7.
MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources .  

 AIG Parent’s ability to support
our subsidiaries is limited.   AIG Parent
has in the past and expects to continue to provide capital to our subsidiaries
as necessary to maintain regulatory capital ratios, comply with rating agency
requirements and meet unexpected cash flow obligations.  If AIG Parent is
unable to satisfy a capital need of a subsidiary, the credit rating agencies
could downgrade the subsidiary insurer’s financial strength ratings or the
subsidiary could become insolvent or, in certain cases, could be seized by its
regulator.  

 For further discussion of rating agency requirements, see
“A downgrade in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance
companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new
business and retaining customers and business” below. 

 Our subsidiaries may not be
able to generate cash to meet their needs due to the illiquidity of some of
their investments.  Our subsidiaries have investments in certain
securities that may be illiquid, including certain fixed income securities and
certain structured securities, private company securities, investments in
private equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage loans, finance receivables and
real estate. Collectively, investments in these assets had a fair value of $58 billion
at December 31, 2017. Adverse real estate and capital markets, and wider
credit spreads, have in the past, and may in the future, materially adversely
affect the liquidity of our other securities portfolios, including our
residential and commercial mortgage‑related securities portfolios. In the
event additional liquidity is required by one or more of our subsidiaries and
AIG Parent is unable to provide it, it may be difficult for these subsidiaries
to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or otherwise monetizing
these less liquid investments. 

 A downgrade in the Insurer
Financial Strength ratings of our insurance companies could limit their ability
to write or prevent them from writing new business and retaining customers and
business.  Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) ratings are an important
factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. IFS
ratings measure an insurance company’s ability to meet its obligations to
contract holders and policyholders. High ratings help maintain public
confidence in a company’s products, facilitate marketing of products and
enhance its competitive position. Downgrades of the IFS ratings of our
insurance companies could prevent these companies from selling, or make it more
difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, or result in
increased policy cancellations, lapses and surrenders, termination of assumed reinsurance
contracts, or return of premiums. Under credit rating  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            21 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 agency
policies concerning the relationship between parent and subsidiary ratings, a
downgrade in AIG Parent’s credit ratings could result in a downgrade of the IFS
ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. Certain rating agencies negatively revised
the outlook for our IFS ratings in early 2017, primarily as a result of our
reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2016 and related concerns
regarding our profitability outlook. We cannot predict what actions rating
agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of
rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. 

 A downgrade in our credit
ratings could adversely affect our business, our results of operations or our
liquidity.  Credit ratings estimate a company’s ability to meet its
obligations. A downgrade of our long-term debt ratings by the major rating
agencies could potentially increase our financing costs and limit the
availability of financing. A downgrade would also require us to post additional
collateral payments related to derivative transactions to which we are a party,
and could permit the termination of these derivative transactions. This could
adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in a
reporting period and/or our liquidity. Certain rating agencies negatively revised
our credit ratings and ratings outlooks in early 2017, primarily as a result of
our reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2016 and related concerns
regarding our profitability outlook. We cannot predict what actions rating
agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of
rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. 

 Changes in the method for
determining LIBOR and the potential replacement of LIBOR may affect our cost of
capital and net investment income.  As a result of concerns about the
accuracy of the calculation of LIBOR, a number of British Bankers’ Association
(BBA) member banks entered into settlements with certain regulators and law
enforcement agencies with respect to the alleged manipulation of LIBOR. 
Actions by the BBA, regulators or law enforcement agencies as a result of these
or future events may result in changes to the manner in which LIBOR is
determined.   

 Potential changes or uncertainty related to such potential
changes may adversely affect the market for LIBOR-based securities.  In
addition, changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may
result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which
could have an adverse impact on the market for LIBOR-based securities or the
value of our investment portfolio. 

 Business and operations 

 Our restructuring initiatives
may not yield our expected reductions in
expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency.  We
may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and
operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result from
our restructuring initiatives, including the reorganization of AIG into General
Insurance and Life and Retirement segments. Actual costs to implement these
initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement and
execute these initiatives as planned. The implementation of these initiatives
may harm our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive
position. Our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted
if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency
improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with
customers or employees or our competitive position. The successful
implementation of these initiatives may continue to require us to effect
workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business
process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and acquisitions and other
actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our
control. 

 Pricing for our products is
subject to our ability to adequately assess risks and estimate losses. 
 We seek to price our insurance products such that insurance premiums,
policy fees and charges, and future net investment income earned on revenues
received will result in an acceptable profit in excess of expenses and the cost
of paying claims. Our business is dependent on our ability to price our
products effectively and charge appropriate premiums.  Pricing adequacy depends
on a number of factors and assumptions, including proper evaluation of insurance
risks, our expense levels, net investment income realized, our response to rate
actions taken by competitors, legal and regulatory developments and the ability
to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes. Some life insurance business
has the ability to adjust certain nonguaranteed charges or benefits if
necessary; however, this right is limited and may be subject to guaranteed
minimums and/or maximums. Inadequate pricing could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 Guarantees
within certain of our products may increase the volatility of our results.    Certain of our variable annuity and life insurance products
include features that guarantee a certain level of benefits, including
guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
(GMWB), and products with guaranteed interest crediting rates tied to an index.
  

 For a
discussion of market risk management related to these product features see Item
7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – Life and
Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging
Programs .  

 Differences
between the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives associated with
some of these guarantees and the related hedging portfolio can be caused by
extreme and unanticipated movements in the equity markets, interest rates and
market volatility, policyholder behavior that differs from our assumptions and
our inability to purchase hedging instruments at prices consistent with the  
 


 

 22                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 desired risk and return trade-off.  The occurrence of one
or more of these events could result in an increase in the liabilities
associated with the guaranteed benefits, reducing our net income and
shareholders’ equity. While we believe that our actions have reduced the risks
related to guaranteed benefits and guaranteed interest crediting, our exposure
may not be fully hedged.  

 For more
information regarding these products see Notes 5 and 14 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Item 1. Business – Regulation, and Item 7. MD&A –
Critical Accounting Estimates   –
Insurance Liabilities – Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity
Products .  

 Our foreign operations expose us to risks
that may affect our operations.  We
provide insurance, investment and other financial products and services to both
businesses and individuals in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. A
substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the U.S., and we
intend to continue to grow business in strategic markets. Operations outside
the U.S. may be affected by regional economic downturns, changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, political events or upheaval, nationalization and
other restrictive government actions, which could also affect our other
operations. 

 The degree of
regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries
operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements
and it is possible that local licenses may require AIG Parent to meet certain
conditions. Licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are
subject to modification and revocation. Consequently, our insurance
subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting future business in some of the
jurisdictions where they currently operate. Adverse actions from any single
country could adversely affect our results of operations, depending on the
magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country. 

 On June 23,
2016, the United Kingdom (UK) held a referendum in which a majority voted for
the UK to withdraw its membership in the European Union (EU), commonly referred
to as Brexit. The terms of withdrawal are subject to a formal two-year
negotiation period that was initiated on March 29, 2017 by invoking Article 50
of the Treaty on European Union. It is not clear at this stage (and may not be
for some time) what form the UK’s future relationship with the remaining EU
member states will take. We have significant operations and employees in the UK
and other EU member states, including AIG Europe Ltd., which enjoys certain
benefits based on the UK’s membership in the EU. In order to adapt to Brexit,
we intend to reorganize our operations and legal entity structure in the UK and
the EU through the establishment of a new European subsidiary in Luxembourg. 
Such a reorganization will have various costs associated with it, such as notifications
to policyholders, and may involve the replication of certain resources
currently in place in the UK. The reorganization is expected to be completed in
the fourth quarter of 2018, subject to regulatory and court approvals. There
can be no assurance that future regulatory, tax or other developments will not
affect this reorganization and change our plans. Brexit has also affected the
U.S. dollar/British pound exchange rate, increased the volatility of exchange
rates among the euro, British pound and the Japanese yen, and created
volatility in the financial markets. It is possible that the uncertainty around
the outcome of the negotiations between the UK and the EU will lead to further
turbulence in the financial markets, which may affect the value of our
investments. 

 We may experience difficulty in marketing and
distributing products through our current and future distribution channels.  Although we distribute our products through a wide variety
of distribution channels, we maintain relationships with certain key
distributors. Distributors have in the past, and may in the future, elect to
renegotiate the terms of existing relationships, or reduce or terminate their
distribution relationships with us, including for such reasons as industry
consolidation of distributors or other industry changes that increase the
competition for access to distributors, developments in legislation or
regulation that affect our business, adverse developments in our business,
adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. An
interruption in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability
to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our
businesses, operating results and financial condition. 

 In addition,
when our products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be
able to monitor or control the manner of their distribution, despite our training
and compliance programs. If our products are distributed to customers for whom
they are unsuitable or distributed in any other inappropriate manner, we may
suffer reputational and other harm to our business.  

 Significant legal proceedings may adversely
affect our results of operations or financial condition.  Like others in the insurance and financial services
industries in general, in the ordinary course of operating our businesses we
face significant risk from regulatory and governmental investigations and civil
actions, litigation and other forms of dispute resolution in various domestic
and foreign jurisdictions.  In our insurance and reinsurance operations, we
frequently engage in litigation and arbitration concerning the scope of
coverage under insurance and reinsurance contracts, and face litigation and
arbitration in which our subsidiaries defend or indemnify their insureds under
insurance contracts.  AIG, our subsidiaries and their respective officers and
directors are also subject to a variety of additional types of legal disputes
brought by holders of AIG securities, customers, employees and others,
alleging, among other things, breach of contractual or fiduciary duties, bad
faith and violations of federal and state statutes and regulations.  Certain of
these matters involve potentially significant risk of loss due to the
possibility of significant jury awards and settlements, punitive damages or
other penalties.  Many of these matters are also highly complex and seek
recovery on behalf of a class or similarly large number of plaintiffs.  It is
therefore inherently difficult to predict the size or scope of potential future
losses arising from  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            23 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 them, and developments in these
matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
condition or consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting
period. 

 For a
discussion of certain legal proceedings, including certain tax controversies, see
Notes 16 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 If we are unable to maintain the availability
of our electronic data systems and safeguard the security of our data, our
ability to conduct business may be compromised, which could adversely affect
our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and
use customer, employee, and company data and information. Some of these
systems, in turn, rely upon third-party systems. Our business is highly
dependent on our ability to access these systems to perform necessary business
functions. These functions include providing insurance quotes, processing
premium payments, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying
claims, administering variable annuity products and mutual funds, providing
customer support, executing transactions and managing our investment
portfolios. Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform
these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct
business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers.
In the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, unauthorized access, a
terrorist attack, cyberattack or other disruption inside or outside the U.S.,
our systems may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business
partners for an extended period of time, and our employees may be unable to
perform their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems are
disabled or destroyed. Our systems have in the past been, and may in the future
be, subject to unauthorized access, such as physical or electronic break-ins or
unauthorized tampering. Like other global companies, we are regularly the
target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously
monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to
prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of threats to our data and
systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, ransomware, unauthorized
access, misuse, denial-of-service attacks, system failures and disruptions.
There is no assurance that our security measures, including information
security policies, will provide fully effective protection from such events.
AIG maintains cyber risk insurance, but this insurance may not cover all costs
associated with the consequences of personal, confidential or proprietary
information being compromised. In some cases, such unauthorized access may not
be immediately detected. This may impede or interrupt our business operations
and could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of
operations.  

 In addition, we
routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary
information by email and other electronic means. Although we attempt to keep
such information confidential, we may be unable to do so in all events, especially
with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third
parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect personal,
confidential or proprietary information. Any problems caused by these third
parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in
communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle
current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and security breaches at a vendor
could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our
customers and otherwise conduct our business. Furthermore, certain of our
businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations enacted by U.S.
federal and state governments, the European Union or other jurisdictions or enacted
by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and
security of the information of clients, employees or others. The compromise of
personal, confidential or proprietary information could cause a loss of data,
give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under
federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations and
result in reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.  

 We are
continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and
processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our
technology systems for interacting with customers, brokers and employees. Due
to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems and processes, these
changes, as well as changes designed to update and enhance our protective
measures to address new threats, increase the risk of a system or process
failure or the creation of a gap in our security measures. Any such failure or
gap could adversely affect our business operations and the advancement of our
restructuring initiatives. 

 Business or asset acquisitions and
dispositions may expose us to certain risks.  The completion of any business or asset acquisition or
disposition is subject to certain risks, including those relating to the
receipt of required regulatory approvals, the terms and conditions of
regulatory approvals, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances
that could give rise to the termination of a transaction and the risk that
parties may not be willing or able to satisfy the conditions to a transaction.
As a result, there can be no assurance that any business or asset acquisition
or disposition will be completed as contemplated, or at all, or regarding the
expected timing of the completion of the acquisition or disposition. Once we
complete acquisitions or dispositions, there can be no assurance that we will
realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other benefits of any
transaction. For example, the integration of businesses we acquire may not be
as successful as we anticipate or there may be undisclosed risks present in
such businesses.  Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including operational,
strategic, financial, accounting, legal, compliance and tax risks. Difficulties
integrating an acquired business may result in the acquired business performing
differently than we expected (including through the loss of customers) or in
our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. Our existing
businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. Risks resulting
from future acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our  
 


 

 24                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 results of operations and financial condition. In
connection with a business or asset disposition, we may also hold a
concentrated position in securities of the acquirer as part of the
consideration, which subjects us to risks related to the price of equity
securities and our ability to monetize such securities. 

 Indemnity claims could be made against us in
connection with divested businesses. 
  We have provided financial guarantees and
indemnities in connection with the businesses we have sold, as described in
greater detail in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. While we do
not currently believe that claims under these indemnities will be material, it
is possible that significant indemnity claims could be made against us. If such
a claim or claims were successful, it could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.  

 For
additional information on these financial guarantees and indemnities see Note
16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements .
 

 Our risk management policies and procedures
may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or
unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in
losses.  We have developed and continue
to develop enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to mitigate
risk and loss to which we are exposed. 

 There are,
however, inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may
exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately
anticipated or identified. If our risk management policies and procedures are
ineffective, we may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely
affected. As our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve,
our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes.
As a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may
present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. In
times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims
experience resulting from adverse mortality, morbidity or policyholder
behavior, the effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited,
resulting in losses to us. In addition, there can be no assurance that we can
effectively review and monitor all risks or that all of our employees will
follow our risk management policies and procedures. 

 REGULATION 

 Our businesses
are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may affect our operations,
increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our
profitability.   Our operations generally, and our insurance subsidiaries,
in particular, are subject to extensive and potentially conflicting supervision
and regulation by national authorities and by the various jurisdictions in
which we do business. Supervision and regulation relate to numerous aspects of
our business and financial condition. Federal, state and foreign regulators
also periodically review and investigate our insurance businesses, including
AIG-specific and industry-wide practices. The primary purpose of insurance
regulation is the protection of our insurance contract holders, and not our
investors. The extent of domestic regulation varies, but generally is governed
by state statutes, which delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative
authority to state insurance departments.  

 We strive to
maintain all required licenses and approvals. However, our businesses may not
fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations. The
relevant authority’s interpretation of the laws and regulations also may change
from time to time. Regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to
grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have the required
licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory
requirements, these authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from
carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines. Further,
insurance regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue
orders of supervision, which permit them to supervise the business and
operations of an insurance company.  

 In the U.S., the
RBC formula is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory
surplus in relation to the risks inherent in its business. Every state has
adopted, in substantial part, the RBC Model Law promulgated by the NAIC or a
substantially similar law, which specifies the regulatory actions the insurance
regulator may take if an insurer’s RBC calculations fall below specific
thresholds. Those actions range from requiring an insurer to submit a plan
describing how it would regain a specified RBC ratio to a mandatory regulatory
takeover of the company. The NAIC and certain international standard-setting
bodies are also considering methodologies for assessing group-wide regulatory
capital, which might evolve into more formal group-wide capital requirements on
certain insurance companies that may augment state-law RBC standards that apply
at the legal entity level, and such capital calculations may be made, in whole
or in part, on bases other than the statutory statements of our U.S. insurance
subsidiaries. We cannot predict the effect these initiatives may have on our
business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  

 See “Actions
by foreign governments, regulators and international standard setters could
result in substantial additional regulation to which we may be subject” below
for additional information on increased capital and other requirements that may
be imposed on us. 

 The degree of
regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries
operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements
and it is possible that local licenses may require AIG Parent to meet certain
conditions. Licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are
subject to modification and revocation. Accordingly, our insurance subsidiaries
could be  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            25 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 prevented from conducting future business in
certain of the jurisdictions where they currently operate. Adverse actions from
any single country could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity
and financial condition, depending on the magnitude of the event and our
financial exposure at that time in that country. 

 For further
discussion of our regulatory environment see Item 1. Business – Regulation. 

 Certain provisions of Dodd-Frank remain
relevant to insurance groups generally, including AIG.  The Financial Stability Oversight Council (Council)
rescinded our designation as a nonbank systemically important financial
institution (nonbank SIFI) on September 29, 2017, but the Council remains
authorized under Dodd-Frank to determine, subject to certain statutory and
regulatory standards, that any nonbank financial company be designated as a
nonbank SIFI subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System and enhanced prudential standards. The Council may also
recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply new or
heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that we and other
insurers or other nonbank financial services companies, including insurers,
engage in. Additionally, Dodd-Frank directs existing and newly created
government agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations implementing the law,
which is an ongoing process. Following the change in administration in the
U.S., there is considerable uncertainty as to the potential adoption and timing
of regulatory changes related to Dodd-Frank. We cannot predict the requirements
of the regulations that may be ultimately adopted or the impact they may have
on our businesses, results of operations or cash flows and financial condition. 

 See Item 1.
Business – Regulation – U.S. Regulation – Dodd-Frank for further discussion of
provisions of Dodd-Frank that remain relevant to insurance groups generally. 

 Actions by foreign governments, regulators and
international standard setters could result in substantial additional
regulation to which we may be subject.     We cannot predict the
impact laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions may have on the
financial markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash
flows. It is possible such laws and regulations, the impact of our designation
as a global systemically important insurer (G-SII), our status as an Internationally
Active Insurance Group (IAIG) and certain standard-setting initiatives by the
FSB and the IAIS, including, but not limited to, the application of HLA capital
and the ongoing development of a risk-based global insurance capital standard
(ICS), and implementation of Solvency II in the European Union, may
significantly alter our business practices. They may also limit our ability to
engage in capital or liability management, require us to raise additional
capital, and impose burdensome requirements and additional costs. It is
possible that the laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions will
differ from one another, and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and
regulations of other jurisdictions including the U.S.   

 For further
details on these international regulations and their potential impact on AIG
and its businesses, see Item 1. Business – Regulation – International
Regulation. 

 The USA PATRIOT Act, the Office of Foreign
Assets Control regulations and similar laws and regulations that apply to us
may expose us to significant penalties. 
The operations of our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations,
including, in some cases, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which require companies
to know certain information about their clients and to monitor their
transactions for suspicious activities. Also, the Department of the Treasury’s
Office of Foreign Assets Control administers regulations requiring U.S. persons
to refrain from doing business, or allowing their clients to do business through
them, with certain organizations or individuals on a prohibited list maintained
by the U.S. government or with certain countries. The UK, the EU and other
jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations. Although we have
instituted compliance programs to address these requirements, there are
inherent risks in global transactions. 

 Attempts to efficiently manage the impact of
Regulation XXX and Actuarial Guideline AXXX may fail in whole or in part
resulting in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  The NAIC Model
Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires
insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance
policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with
secondary guarantees. In addition,  NAIC   Actuarial Guideline 38 (AG
38, also referred to as Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation
XXX as to certain universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees.  

 Our domestic
Life and Retirement companies manage the capital impact of statutory reserve
requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX through reinsurance
transactions, to maintain their ability to offer competitive pricing and
successfully market such products. If regulations change with respect to our
ability to manage the capital impact of certain statutory reserve requirements,
our statutory reserve requirements could increase, or our ability to take
reserve credit for reinsurance transactions could be reduced or eliminated. As
a result, we could be required to increase prices on our products, raise
capital to replace the reserve credit provided by the reinsurance transactions
or incur higher costs to obtain reinsurance, each of which could adversely affect
our competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. If our
actions to efficiently manage the impact of Regulation XXX or Guideline AXXX on
future sales of term and universal life insurance products are not successful,
we may incur higher operating costs or our sales of these products may be
affected.  


 


 

 26                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 For additional information on statutory reserving
requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX and our use of reinsurance
see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 New regulations may affect our businesses,
results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively.  Legislators and regulators may periodically consider
various proposals that may affect our business practices and product designs,
how we sell or service certain products we offer, or the profitability of
certain of our businesses. New regulations may even affect our ability to
conduct certain businesses at all, including proposals relating to restrictions
on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to
engage and the size of financial institutions. These proposals could also
impose additional taxes on a limited subset of financial institutions and
insurance companies (either based on size, activities, geography, government
support or other criteria). It is uncertain whether and how these and other
such proposals would apply to us or our competitors or how they could impact
our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and ability to
compete effectively. 

 For
discussion regarding the implementation of the Department of Labor’s (the DOL)
final fiduciary rule (the DOL Fiduciary Rule), see Item 7. MD&A – Executive
Summary – AIG’s Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors – Department of Labor
Fiduciary Rule and Related Regulatory Developments and Item 1. Business –
Regulation. 

 An “ownership change” could limit our ability
to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income.  As of December 31, 2017, on a tax basis, we had U.S.
federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $35.6 billion ,  $305 million in capital loss carryforwards,   $4.5 billion in foreign tax credits and $1.2
billion in other tax credits (tax loss and credit carryforwards). Our ability
to use these tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be
significantly limited if we experience an “ownership change” as defined in
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In
general, an ownership change will occur when the percentage of AIG Parent's
ownership (by value) of one or more “5-percent shareholders” (as defined in the
Code) has increased by more than 50 percent over the lowest percentage owned by
such shareholders at any time during the prior three years (calculated on a
rolling basis). An entity that experiences an ownership change generally will
be subject to an annual limitation on its pre-ownership change tax loss and
credit carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately
before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term, tax-exempt rate
posted monthly by the IRS (subject to certain adjustments). The annual
limitation would be increased each year to the extent that there is an unused
limitation in a prior year. The limitation on our ability to utilize tax loss
and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership change under Section 382
would depend on the value of our equity at the time of any ownership change. 
If we were to experience an “ownership change”, it is possible that a
significant portion of our tax loss and credit carryforwards could expire
before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income. 

 On March 9,
2011, our Board adopted our Tax Asset Protection Plan (the Plan) to help
protect these tax loss and credit carryforwards, and on December 14, 2016, the
Board adopted an amendment to the Plan, extending its expiration date to December
14, 2019. Our shareholders ratified the amendment of the Plan at our 2017
Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  At our 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
shareholders adopted a protective amendment to our Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (Protective Amendment), which is designed to prevent certain
transfers of AIG Common Stock that could result in an “ownership change”.  At
our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our shareholders approved the
amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to adopt a
successor to the Protective Amendment that contains substantially the same
terms as the Protective Amendment but would expire on June 28, 2020.   

 The Plan is
designed to reduce the likelihood of an “ownership change” by (i) discouraging
any person or group from becoming a 4.99 percent shareholder and (ii)
discouraging any existing 4.99 percent shareholder from acquiring additional
shares of AIG Common Stock. The Protective Amendment generally restricts any
transfer of AIG Common Stock that would (i) increase the ownership by any
person to 4.99 percent or more of AIG stock then outstanding or (ii) increase
the percentage of AIG stock owned by a Five Percent Stockholder (as defined in
the Plan). Despite the intentions of the Plan and the Protective Amendment to
deter and prevent an “ownership change”, such an event may still occur. In
addition, the Plan and the Protective Amendment may make it more difficult and
more expensive to acquire us, and may discourage open market purchases of AIG
Common Stock or a non-negotiated tender or exchange offer for AIG Common Stock.
Accordingly, the Plan and the Protective Amendment may limit a shareholder’s
ability to realize a premium over the market price of AIG Common Stock in
connection with any stock transaction. 

 Changes
to tax laws, including recently enacted U.S. legislation, could increase our
corporate taxes or make some of our products less attractive to consumers.  

 On December 22,
2017 President Trump signed major tax legislation into law (Public Law 115-97)
(the Tax Act).  The Tax Act, known informally as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,
reduces the statutory rate of U.S. federal corporate income tax to 21 percent
and enacts numerous other changes impacting AIG and the insurance industry.  

 The reduction in
the statutory U.S. federal corporate income tax rate is expected to positively
impact AIG’s future U.S. after-tax earnings. Other changes in the Tax Act that
broaden the tax base by reducing or eliminating deductions for certain items
(e.g., reductions to separate account dividends received deductions,
disallowance of entertainment expenses, and limitations on the  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            27 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 deduction of certain executive compensation costs) will
offset a portion of the benefits from the lower statutory rate.  Other specific
changes, including the calculation of insurance tax reserves and the
amortization of deferred acquisition costs, will impact the timing of our tax expense
items and could impact the pricing of certain insurance products. 

 In addition to
changing the taxation of corporations in general and insurance companies in
particular, the Tax Act temporarily reduces certain tax rates for individuals
and increases the exemption for the federal estate tax. These changes could
reduce demand in the U.S. for life insurance and annuity contracts, which would
reduce our income due to lower sales of these products or potential increased surrenders
of in-force business. 

 Furthermore, the
overall impact of the Tax Act is subject to the effect of other complex provisions
in the Tax Act (including the base erosion and anti-abuse tax (BEAT) and global
intangible low-taxed income (GILTI)), which AIG continues to review.  It is
possible that the impact from BEAT and GILTI could reduce the benefit of the
reduction in the statutory U.S. federal rate.  In addition, if BEAT induces
other countries to enact similar legislation that could impact cross-border
reinsurance transactions, AIG could be negatively impacted by increased tax
costs in those countries. 

 Finally, it is
possible that tax laws will be further changed either in a technical
corrections bill or entirely new legislation.  The overall impact of the Tax
Act also depends on the future interpretations and regulations that may be
issued by U.S. tax authorities.  It remains difficult to predict whether or
when there will be any tax law changes or further guidance by the authorities in
the U.S. or elsewhere in the world having a material adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations, as the impact of broad proposals
on our business can vary substantially depending upon the specific changes or
further guidance made and how the changes or guidance are implemented by the
authorities. 

 For
additional information see Item 7. MD&A – Consolidated Results of
Operations – U.S. Tax Reform Overview. 

 COMPETITION and employees 

 We face intense competition in each of our
businesses.  Our businesses operate in
highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. Our principal
competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as
banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. The insurance
industry in particular is highly competitive. Within the U.S., our General
Insurance companies compete with other stock companies, specialty insurance
organizations, mutual insurance companies and other underwriting organizations.
Our Life and Retirement companies compete in the U.S. with life insurance
companies and other participants in related financial services fields.
Overseas, our subsidiaries compete for business with the foreign insurance
operations of large U.S. insurers and with global insurance groups and local
companies. Technological advancements and innovation in the insurance industry
may present competitive risks; technological advancements and innovation are
occurring in distribution, underwriting and operations and at a pace that may
increase. Our business and results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected if technological advancements or innovation limit our
ability to retain existing business, write new business at adequate rates or on
appropriate terms, render our insurance products less suitable or impact our ability
to adapt or deploy current products as quickly and effectively as our
competitors. 

 Reductions of
our credit ratings or negative publicity may make it more difficult to compete
to retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business
with existing customers and counterparties. General Insurance companies and
Life and Retirement companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance
criteria, product pricing, and terms and conditions. Retirement services
companies compete through crediting rates and the issuance of guaranteed
benefits. A decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors
could adversely affect our profitability. 

 Competition for employees in our industry is
intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people
we need to support our business.  Our
success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key
people. Due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with
demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. In
addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and
difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic
actions and organizational and operational changes. Losing any of our key
people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their
skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the
potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. Our
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees. 

 Managing key employee succession and
retention is critical to our success.  We
would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of
our senior management and other key employees. While we have succession plans
and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our
succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot
guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to
us. 

 Employee error and misconduct may be
difficult to detect and prevent and may result in significant losses.  There have been a number of cases
involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services
industry in recent years and we run the  
 


 

 28                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 risk that
employee misconduct could occur. Instances of fraud, illegal acts, errors,
failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization,
misuse of customer or proprietary information, or failure to comply with
regulatory requirements or our internal policies may result in losses and/or
reputational damage. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee
misconduct, and the controls that we have in place to prevent and detect this
activity may not be effective in all cases. 

 Third-party vendors we rely upon to provide
certain business and administrative services on our behalf may not perform as
anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.  We
have taken action to reduce coordination costs and take advantage of economies
of scale by transitioning multiple functions and services to a small number of
third-party providers. We periodically negotiate provisions and renewals of
these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain
acceptable to us or such third parties. If such third-party providers
experience disruptions or do not perform as anticipated, or we experience
problems with a transition to a third-party provider, we may experience
operational difficulties, an inability to meet obligations (including, but not
limited to, policyholder obligations), a loss of business and increased costs,
or suffer other negative consequences, all of which may have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations.    

 For discussion regarding cyber risk arising from third-party
vendors, see “If we are unable to maintain the availability of our electronic
data systems and safeguard the security of our data, our ability to conduct
business may be compromised, which could adversely affect our consolidated
financial condition or results of operations” above. 

 ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 

 Estimates used in the preparation of
financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business
may differ materially from actual experience.    Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), which requires the
application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of
judgment.  The accounting policies that we consider most dependent on the
application of estimates and assumptions, and therefore may be viewed as
critical accounting estimates, are described in Item 7. MD&A — Critical
Accounting Estimates.  These accounting estimates require the use of
assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation.
These estimates are based on judgment, current facts and circumstances, and,
when applicable, internally developed models. Therefore, actual results could
differ from these estimates, possibly in the near term, and could have a
material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

 In addition, we
employ models to price products, calculate reserves and value assets, as well
as evaluate risk and determine capital requirements, among other uses. These
models rely on estimates and projections that are inherently uncertain, may use
incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and may not operate
properly. As our businesses continue to expand and evolve, the number and
complexity of models we employ has grown, increasing our exposure to error in
the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input
data, controls and assumptions and the controls we have in place to mitigate
their risk may not be effective in all cases. 

 Changes in accounting principles and
financial reporting requirements could impact our reported results of
operations and our reported financial position.   Our financial statements are  subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which is
periodically revised.   Accordingly, from time to time, we are required to
adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative
bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). The impact
of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but are not yet required to
be implemented is disclosed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.    

 The International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) has issued International Financial Reporting
Standard (IFRS) 17, Insurance Contracts, with an effective date of January 1,
2021.  This new standard will require significant changes to accounting
measurements for long-duration insurance contracts for many of our
international operations. The FASB is also nearing completion of its ongoing
project to revise accounting standards for insurance contracts.  The FASB has
focused on disclosures for short-duration insurance contracts, which primarily
relate to our property casualty products, and on targeted improvements to
accounting measurements and disclosures for long-duration insurance contracts,
which primarily relate to our life and annuity products.  The effects of IFRS
17 are currently under review, while the final resolution of changes to
insurance contracts under U.S. GAAP has not yet been finalized. Changes to the
manner in which we account for insurance products could have a significant
impact on our future financial reports, operations, capital management and
business.  Further, the adoption of a new insurance contracts standard as well
as other future accounting standards could have a material effect on our
reported results of operations and reported financial condition.  

 Changes in our assumptions regarding the
discount rate, expected rate of return, and expected compensation for our
pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses
and reduce our profitability.    We determine our
pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount
rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, expected  increases in compensation levels and trends in health care
costs. Changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained
low interest rate environment or rapidly rising interest rates, may result in
increased expenses and reduce our profitability.  

 For further
details on our pension and postretirement benefit plans see Note 21 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 



 
  



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            29 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

   


 
 ITEM 1B |  Unresolved Staff Comments 

 There are no material unresolved written comments that were
received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal
year relating to periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 

   

 ITEM 2 |  Properties  

 We operate from approximately
160 offices in the United States and approximately 380 offices in approximately
60 foreign countries. The following offices are located in buildings in the
United States owned by us: 

 
  
   
   General
  Insurance Companies: 
   •       Stevens
  Point, Wisconsin 
   
  
   Life
  and Retirement Companies: 
   •       Amarillo
  and Houston, Texas 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations: 
   •     
   175 Water Street in New York, New York (Corporate Headquarters;
  also includes General Insurance companies) 
   •     
   Livingston, New Jersey 
   •     
   Ft. Worth, Texas 
   
  
 



 In addition, our General Insurance companies own
offices in 13 foreign countries and jurisdictions including Bermuda, Ecuador,
Japan, Mexico, the UK and Venezuela. The remainder of the office space we use
is leased.  We believe that our leases and properties are sufficient for our
current purposes. 

 LOCATIONS OF CERTAIN ASSETS 

 As of December 31, 2017, approximately 11 percent of our
consolidated assets were located outside the U.S. and Canada, including
$491 million of cash and securities on deposit with regulatory authorities
in those locations.  

 For additional geographic information see Note 3 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 For total carrying values of cash and securities deposited
by our insurance subsidiaries under requirements of regulatory authorities see
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

 Operations outside the U.S. and Canada and assets held abroad
may be adversely affected by political developments in foreign countries,
including tax changes, nationalization and changes in regulatory policy, as
well as by consequence of hostilities and unrest. The risks of such occurrences
and their overall effect upon us vary from country to country and cannot be
predicted. If expropriation or nationalization does occur, our policy is to
take all appropriate measures to seek recovery of any affected assets. Certain
of the countries in which our business is conducted have currency restrictions
that generally cause a delay in a company’s ability to repatriate assets and
profits.  

 For additional information see Item 1A. Risk
Factors — Business and Operations. 

   

 ITEM 3 |  Legal Proceedings 

 For a discussion of legal proceedings see Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 ITEM 4 |  Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 30                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 5  |    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   


 
 Part II 

 


 ITEM 5 |  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 AIG’s
common stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. There were
approximately 25,522 stockholders of record of AIG Common Stock as of February
7, 2018. 

 The following table presents high and low closing sale prices of
AIG Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape for each quarter
of 2017 and 2016, and the dividends declared per share during those periods: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   High  
   
  
     
   
  
   Low  
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   High  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Low  
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
 
   
   First quarter 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.85 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.64 
   
  
      
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
 
   
   Second quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.32 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
 
   
   Third quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.86 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   51.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
 
   
   Fourth quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.11 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.70 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
 



 

 Dividends 

 


 On February 8,
2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2018 to shareholders of record on March
15, 2018.  

 Any dividend
payment must be approved by AIG’s Board of Directors. In determining whether to
pay any dividend, our Board of Directors may consider AIG’s financial position,
the performance of our businesses, our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations, capital and liquidity positions and risk profile, our
expectations for capital generation and utilization, the existence of
investment opportunities, and other factors.  

 For a
discussion of certain restrictions on the payment of dividends to AIG by some
of its insurance subsidiaries see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Liquidity, Capital
and Credit — AIG Parent’s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is
limited, and Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 

 Equity Compensation Plans 

 


 Our table of
equity compensation plans will be included in the definitive proxy statement
for AIG’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The definitive proxy statement
will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of AIG’s fiscal
year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

 

 Purchases of Equity Securities 

 


 Our Board of
Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of actions. On
May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors approved an additional increase of $2.5
billion to the share repurchase authorization.  

 During
the three-month period ended December 31, 2017, we did not repurchase any
shares of AIG Common Stock  or any warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock  under this authorization. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            31 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 5  |    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   


 
 As of December 31,
2017, approximately $2.3 billion remained under our share repurchase
authorization. We did not repurchase any shares of AIG Common Stock from
January 1, 2018 to February 8, 2018 .  Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open
market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase
or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise (including through the
purchase of warrants).  Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from
time to time be effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The
timing of any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business
and strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and
other factors. 

 For
additional information on our share purchases see Note 17 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 

 Common Stock Performance Graph 

 


 The following Performance Graph compares the cumulative total
shareholder return on AIG Common Stock for a five-year period
(December 31, 2012 to December 31, 2017) with the cumulative total
return of the S&P’s 500 stock index (which includes AIG), the S&P
Property and Casualty Insurance Index (S&P P&C Index) and the S&P
Life and Health Insurance Index (S&P L&H Index).   

 Value of $100 Invested on December 31, 2012 

 (All $ as of December 31st) 

   

 

 
  
   
   
   
  
 


 


 Dividend reinvestment has been assumed and returns
have been weighted to reflect relative stock market capitalization. 

   

 
  
   
      
   
  
   As of
  December 31,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   145.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   160.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180.37 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194.36 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   181.03 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   132.39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   150.51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   152.59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170.84 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   208.14 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 Property & Casualty Insurance Index 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   138.29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   160.06 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   175.32 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   202.85 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   248.26 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 Life & Health Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   163.48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   166.66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   156.14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   194.96 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   226.98 
   
  
 










 
 


 

 32                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 
 ITEM 6 |  Selected Financial Data    

 The Selected
Consolidated Financial Data should be read in conjunction with Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere
herein.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,499 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits,
  losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,972 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,503 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,592 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,892 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,549 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Net (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Net (gain) loss on sale of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,054 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) from continuing operations attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) per common share attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  common shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends
  declared per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            33 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 

 
  
   
   Year-end
  balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   322,292 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   328,175 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356,428 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   515,500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   541,221 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,136 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,585 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   432,593 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   421,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406,632 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   408,228 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   440,110 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total AIG shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   72.49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book value per common share, excluding Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         comprehensive income (loss) (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   66.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Adjusted book value per common share (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   54.74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Adjusted ROE (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Catastrophe-related losses (b)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,167 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   728 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
   978 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Adjustment to federal deferred tax valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net positive (negative) adjustment from update of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Life and Retirement actuarial assumptions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Book
value per common share excluding Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(AOCI) ,  Book value per common share excluding AOCI and DTA ( Adjusted book value per common share) , and return on equity – adjusted after-tax income
excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted return on equity)  are non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to
the relevant GAAP financial measures are below.  For additional information
see Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures .   

 (b)
  Natural and man-made catastrophe losses are
generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of
$10 million each. Catastrophes also include certain man-made events, such
as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10 million threshold. 

 

 Items Affecting Comparability Between Periods 

 


 The following
are significant developments that affected multiple periods and financial
statement captions. 

 Asset Dispositions in 2015, 2016 and 2017  

 In 2015 we sold
all of our ordinary shares of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) received as part of
the consideration for the sale of International Lease Finance Corporation
(ILFC). In 2016, we sold United Guaranty to Arch Capital Group Ltd. In 2017, we
sold Fuji Life to FWD Group and certain international insurance operations to
Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax).  

 For further
discussion on 2016 and 2017 asset dispositions see Note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

 


 

 34                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Included
in Selected Financial Data 

 


 The following table presents a reconciliation of Book value per
common share to Book value per common share, excluding AOCI and Book value per
common share, excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted book value per common share),
which are non-GAAP measures.  For additional information see Item 7.
MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   At December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except
  per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders' equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders'
  equity, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,110 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,770 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,797 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted shareholders'
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,313 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total common shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
   899,044,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common
  share 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72.49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common
  share, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted book value per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.74 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
 



 The following table presents a reconciliation of Return on equity
to Adjusted return on equity, which is a non-GAAP measure.   For additional
information see Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures. 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted after-tax income
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,872 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,941 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,449 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG Shareholders'
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,348 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86,617 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105,589 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98,850 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,675 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,722 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,598 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,781 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,865 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG Shareholders'
  equity, excluding average AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,673 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,895 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   93,960 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,985 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average DTA 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,806 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,803 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,611 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,150 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average adjusted Shareholders'
  equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,835 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted Return on Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 










 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            35 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE  OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 ITEM 7 |  Management’s  
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   

 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Information 

 


 This Annual Report on
Form 10-K (Annual Report) and other publicly available documents may
include, and officers and representatives of American International Group, Inc.
(AIG) may from time to time make, projections, goals, assumptions and
statements that may constitute “forward‑looking statements” within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not historical facts but
instead represent only our belief regarding future events, many of which, by
their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These
projections, goals, assumptions and statements include statements preceded by,
followed by or including words such as “will,” “believe,” “anticipate,”
“expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “focused on achieving,” “view,” “target,” "goal"
or “estimate.” These projections, goals, assumptions and statements may
address, among other things, our: 

 
  
   
   •     
   exposures to subprime mortgages,
  monoline insurers, the residential and commercial real estate markets, state
  and municipal bond issuers, sovereign bond issuers, the energy sector and
  currency exchange rates; 
   •     
   exposure to European governments
  and European financial institutions; 
   •     
   strategy for risk management; 
   •     
   actual and anticipated sales,
  monetizations and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, including our
  ability to successfully consummate the purchase of Validus Holdings, Ltd.; 
   •     
   restructuring of business
  operations, including anticipated restructuring charges and annual cost
  savings;  
   •     
   generation of deployable capital;
   
   •     
   strategies to increase return on
  equity and earnings per share; 
   
  
   •     
   strategies to grow net investment
  income, efficiently manage capital, grow book value per common share, and
  reduce expenses; 
   •     
   anticipated organizational,
  business and regulatory changes; 
   •     
   strategies for customer
  retention, growth, product development, market position, financial results
  and reserves; 
   •     
   management of the impact that
  innovation and technology changes may have on customer preferences, the
  frequency or severity of losses and/or the way we distribute and underwrite
  our products; 
   •     
   segments’ revenues and combined
  ratios; and 
   •     
   management succession and
  retention plans. 
   
  
 



   

 It is possible that our actual results and financial
condition will differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial
condition indicated in these projections, goals, assumptions and statements.
Factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially,
from those in the specific projections, goals, assumptions and statements
include: 

 
  
   
   •     
   changes in market conditions; 
   •     
   negative impacts on customers, business partners and other
  stakeholders; 
   •     
   the occurrence of catastrophic events, both natural and
  man-made; 
   •     
   significant legal, regulatory or governmental proceedings; 
   •     
   the timing and applicable requirements of any regulatory
  framework to which we are subject, including as a global systemically
  important insurer (G‑SII); 
   •     
   concentrations in our investment portfolios; 
   •     
   actions by credit rating agencies;  
   •     
   judgments concerning casualty insurance underwriting and
  insurance liabilities; 
   •     
   our ability to successfully manage Legacy portfolios; 
   
  
   •     
   our ability to successfully reduce costs and expenses and make
  business and organizational changes without negatively impacting client
  relationships or our competitive position; 
   •     
   our ability to successfully dispose of, monetize and/or acquire
  businesses or assets, including our ability to successfully consummate the
  purchase of Validus Holdings, Ltd.; 
   •     
   judgments concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets;  
   •     
   judgments concerning estimated restructuring charges and
  estimated cost savings; and 
   •     
   such other factors discussed in: 
   –   
   Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report; and 
   –   
   this Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) of this Annual
  Report. 
   
  
 



 We are not under any obligation (and expressly
disclaim any obligation) to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions
or other statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to
time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 









 


 

 36                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Index to Item 7 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   INDEX TO ITEM 7 
   
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
   Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Executive Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  Performance Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
   AIG's
  Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Business Segment Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations    
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
 
   
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  Highlights 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
 
   
   Life and
  Annuity Reserves and DAC 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Analysis
  of Sources and Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources
  of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Off-Balance
  Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
 
   
   Debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  Strength Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
 
   
   Regulation and Supervision 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends and Repurchases of
  AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
 
   
   Dividend Restrictions 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
 
   
   Enterprise Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
 
   
   Risk
  Governance Structure 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Appetite, Limits,
  Identification, and Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
 
   
   Market Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
 
   
   Operational Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  Risk s 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
 
   
   Other Business Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
   Glossary 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
 
   
   Acronyms 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 



 Throughout the MD&A, we use certain terms and
abbreviations, which are summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms. 

 We have incorporated into this discussion a number of
cross-references to additional information included throughout this Annual
Report to assist readers seeking additional information related to a particular
subject. 








 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            37 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Use of Non-GAAP
Measures 

   


 
 Use of Non-GAAP Measures 

 


 In Item 1. Business,
Item 6. Selected Financial Data and throughout this MD&A, we present our
financial condition and results of operations in the way we believe will be
most meaningful and representative of our business results. Some of the
measurements we use are “non‑GAAP financial measures” under Securities
and Exchange Commission rules and regulations. GAAP is the acronym for
“generally accepted accounting principles” in the United States. The non‑GAAP
financial measures we present may not be comparable to similarly‑named
measures reported by other companies. 

 Book value per common share,
excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and Book value per
common share, excluding AOCI and deferred tax assets (DTA) (Adjusted book value
per common share)  are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis. We believe these measures are useful to investors because they
eliminate items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period,
including changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio,
foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax
assets. These measures also eliminate the asymmetrical impact resulting from
changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio wherein
there is largely no offsetting impact for certain related insurance
liabilities. We exclude deferred tax assets representing U.S. tax attributes
related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they
have not yet been utilized. Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on
projections of full-year attribute utilization. As net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA
utilized is included in these book value per common share metrics. Book value
per common share excluding AOCI, is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’
equity, excluding AOCI, by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted book value
per common share is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity,
excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity), by total common shares
outstanding. The reconciliation to book value per common share, the most
comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

 Return on equity – Adjusted
after-tax income excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted return on equity)  is
used to show the rate of return on shareholders’ equity. We believe this
measure is useful to investors because it eliminates items that can fluctuate
significantly from period to period, including changes in fair value of our
available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation
adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. This measure also
eliminates the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our
available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting
impact for certain related insurance liabilities. We exclude deferred tax
assets representing U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized.
Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year attribute
utilization. As net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits are
utilized, the portion of the DTA utilized is included in Adjusted return on
equity. Adjusted return on equity is derived by dividing actual or annualized
adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG by average Adjusted Shareholders’
Equity. The reconciliation to return on equity, the most comparable GAAP
measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

 Adjusted after-tax income attributable to
AIG  is derived by excluding the tax
effected adjusted pre-tax income (APTI) adjustments described below and the
following tax items from net income attributable to AIG: 

 •       deferred
income tax valuation allowance releases and charges;  

 •       changes
in uncertain tax positions and other tax items related to legacy matters having
no relevance to our current businesses or operating performance; and 

 •     
 net tax charge related to the enactment of the Tax Act. 

 General
operating expenses, adjusted basis  is derived by making the
following adjustments to general operating and other expenses: include (i)
certain loss adjustment expenses, reported as policyholder benefits and losses
incurred and (ii) certain investment and other expenses reported as net
investment income, and exclude (i) advisory fee expenses, (ii) non-deferrable
insurance commissions, (iii) direct marketing and acquisition expenses, net of
deferrals and (iv) non-operating litigation reserves. We use General operating
expenses, adjusted basis, because we believe it provides a more meaningful
indication of our ordinary course of business operating costs, regardless of
within which financial statement line item these expenses are reported
externally within our segment results. The majority of these expenses are
employee-related costs.  For example, Other acquisition expenses and loss
adjustment expenses primarily represent employee-related costs in the
underwriting and claims functions, respectively.  Excluded from this measure
are non-operating expenses (such as restructuring costs and litigation
reserves), direct marketing expenses, insurance company assessments and
non-deferrable commissions.  


 


 

 38                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Use of Non-GAAP
Measures 

   


 
 We use the following operating
performance measures because we believe they enhance the understanding of the
underlying profitability of continuing operations and trends of our business
segments. We believe they also allow for more meaningful comparisons with our
insurance competitors. When we use these measures, reconciliations to the most
comparable GAAP measure are provided on a consolidated basis in the
Consolidated Results of Operations section of this MD&A. 

 Adjusted revenues 
exclude Net realized capital gains (losses), income from non-operating
litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP purposes) and changes
in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included
in Net investment income for GAAP purposes). Adjusted revenues is a GAAP
measure for our operating segments. 

 Adjusted pre-tax
income  is derived by excluding the following items from income from
continuing operations before income tax. This definition is consistent across
our operating segments. These items generally fall into one or more of the
following broad categories: legacy matters having no relevance to our current
businesses or operating performance; adjustments to enhance transparency to the
underlying economics of transactions; and measures that we believe to be common
to the industry. APTI is a GAAP measure for our operating segments. 

 
  
   
   •      changes in
  fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits; 
   •      changes in
  benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), value of
  business acquired (VOBA), and sales inducement assets (SIA) related to net
  realized capital gains and losses; 
   •      loss (gain) on
  extinguishment of debt; 
   •      net realized
  capital gains and losses; 
   •      non‑qualifying
  derivative hedging activities, excluding net realized capital gains and
  losses;  
   •      income or loss
  from discontinued operations; 
   •      net loss
  reserve discount benefit (charge); 
   
  
   •      pension
  expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to former employees; 
   •      income and
  loss from divested businesses;  
   •      non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements; 
   •      reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance business;  
   •      restructuring
  and other costs related to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses,
  improve efficiency and simplify our organization; and 
   •      the portion of
  favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have
  ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes
  in amortization of the deferred gain. 
   
  
 



 ·         General Insurance 

 –    Ratios:   We, along with most property and casualty insurance
companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as
measures of underwriting performance. These ratios are relative measurements
that describe, for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and
loss adjustment expenses (which for General Insurance excludes net loss reserve
discount), and the amount of other underwriting expenses that would be incurred.
A combined ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting income and a combined
ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. Our ratios are calculated
using the relevant segment information calculated under GAAP, and thus may not
be comparable to similar ratios calculated for regulatory reporting purposes.
The underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the
degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition,
investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and
competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as
reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios. 

 –    Accident year loss and combined ratios, as adjusted:   both the
accident year loss and combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses
and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium
adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting. Natural and man-made
catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact
on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain man-made
events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10 million
threshold. We believe the as adjusted ratios are meaningful measures of our underwriting
results on an ongoing basis as they exclude catastrophes and the impact of
reserve discounting which are outside of management’s control. We also exclude
prior year development to provide transparency related to current accident year
results. 

 ·         Life and Retirement 

 –   
 Premiums and
deposits:  includes direct and assumed
amounts received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group
benefit policies and life‑contingent payout annuities, as well as
deposits received on universal life, investment‑type annuity contracts
and mutual funds. 

 Results from discontinued operations are excluded
from all of these measures. 








 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            39 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 Critical
Acco unting
Estimates 

 


 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. 

 
  
   
   The accounting policies that we
  believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions,
  which are critical accounting estimates, are related to the determination of: 
   
  
 
   
   ·        loss reserves; 
   ·        reinsurance assets; 
   ·        valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and
  timing and extent of loss recognition; 
   ·        valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit
  features of variable annuity products; 
   ·        estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition
  costs for investment-oriented products; 
   ·        impairment charges, including other-than-temporary
  impairments on available for sale securities, impairments on other invested
  assets, including investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment; 
   ·        liability for legal contingencies; 
   ·        fair value measurements of certain financial assets
  and liabilities; and 
   ·      
   income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of
  our net deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating
  profitability of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax
  asset and provisional estimates associated with the Tax Act. 
   
  
 



 These accounting estimates require the use of
assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of
estimation. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used,
our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be materially affected.  

 Insurance Liabilities 

 Loss Reserves 

 The estimate of the loss
reserves relies on several key judgments:  

 ·       
 the determination of the actuarial models used as the basis for
these estimates;   

 ·       
 the relative weights given to these models by product line; 

 ·       
 the underlying assumptions used in these models; and  

 ·       
 the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar product
lines and, in some cases, the disaggregation of dissimilar losses within a product
line.  

 We use numerous assumptions in determining the
best estimate of reserves for each line of business. The importance of any
specific assumption can vary by both line of business and accident year.
Because actual experience can differ from key assumptions used in establishing
reserves, there is potential for significant variation in the development of
loss reserves. This is particularly true for long-tail classes of business.  

 All of our methods to calculate net reserves include
assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability.
Reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process
and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established. 

 


 

 40                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 Overview of Loss Reserving Process and Methods 

 


 Our loss reserves can generally be categorized into two
distinct groups. Short-tail reserves consists principally of U.S. Property and
Special Risks, Europe Property and Special Risks, U.S. Personal Insurance, and
Europe and Japan Personal Insurance. Long-tail reserves include U.S. Workers’
Compensation, U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Other Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines,
Europe Casualty and Financial Lines, and U.S. Run-off Long Tail Insurance
Lines.   

 

 Short-Tail Reserves 

 


 For our short-tail
coverages,  such as property, where the nature of claims is generally
high frequency with short reporting periods, with volatility arising from
occasional severe events, the process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly
loss reserves is geared toward maintaining IBNR based on percentages of net
earned premiums for that business, rather than projecting ultimate loss ratios
based on reported losses. For example, the IBNR reserve required for the latest
accident quarter for a product line such as homeowners might be approximately
20 percent of the quarter’s earned premiums. This level of reserve would
generally be recorded regardless of the actual losses reported in the current
quarter, thus recognizing severe events as they occur. The percent of premium
factor reflects both our expectation of the ultimate loss costs associated with
the line of business and the expectation of the percentage of ultimate loss
costs that have not yet been reported.  The expected ultimate loss costs
generally reflect the average loss costs from a period of preceding accident
quarters that have been adjusted for changes in rate and loss cost levels, mix
of business, known exposure to unreported losses, or other factors affecting
the particular line of business. The expected percentage of ultimate loss costs
that have not yet been reported would be derived from historical loss emergence
patterns. For more mature quarters, specific loss development methods would be
used to determine the IBNR. For other product lines where the nature of claims
is high frequency but low severity, methods including loss development,
frequency/severity or a multiple of average monthly losses may be used to
determine IBNR reserves. IBNR for claims arising from catastrophic events or
events of unusual severity would be determined in close collaboration with the
claims department’s knowledge of known information, using alternative
techniques or expected percentages of ultimate loss cost emergence based on
historical loss emergence of similar claim types. 

 

 Long-Tail Reserves 

 


 Estimation of ultimate net losses and loss adjustment
expenses (net losses) for our long-tail casualty lines of business  is a
complex process and depends on a number of factors, including the product line
and volume of business, as well as estimates of  reinsurance recoveries.
Experience in the more recent accident years generally provides limited
statistical credibility of reported net losses on long-tail casualty lines of
business. That is because in the more recent accident years, a relatively low
proportion of estimated ultimate net incurred losses are reported or paid.
Therefore, IBNR reserves constitute a relatively high proportion of net losses. 

 
  
   
   For our longer-tail lines,
  we generally make actuarial and other assumptions with respect to the
  following: 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
   Loss cost trend factors 
  are used to establish expected loss ratios for subsequent accident years
  based on the projected loss ratios for prior accident years. 
   ·           
   Expected loss ratios  are
  used for the latest accident year (i.e., accident year 2017 for the year-end
  2017 loss reserve analysis) and, in some cases for accident years prior to
  the latest accident year. The expected loss ratio generally reflects the
  projected loss ratio from prior accident years, adjusted for the loss cost trend
  and the effect of rate changes and other quantifiable factors on the loss
  ratio. For low-frequency, high-severity lines of business such as excess
  casualty, expected loss ratios generally are used for at least the three most
  recent accident years. 
   ·           
   Loss development factors 
  are used to project the reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate
  basis. Generally, the actual loss development factors observed from prior
  accident years would be used as a basis to determine the loss development
  factors for the subsequent accident years. 
   ·           
   Tail factors are development
  factors  used for certain longer tailed lines of business (for
  example, excess casualty, workers’ compensation and general liability),to
  project future loss development for periods that extend beyond the available
  development data.  The development of losses to the ultimate loss for a given
  accident year for these lines may take decades and the projection of ultimate
  losses for an accident year is very sensitive to the tail factors selected
  beyond a certain age. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            41 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 We record
quarterly changes in loss reserves for each product line of business. 
The overall change in our loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for
all product lines of business. For most long-tail product lines of business,
the quarterly loss reserve changes are based on the estimated current loss
ratio for each subset of coverage less any amounts paid. Also, any change in
estimated ultimate losses from prior accident years deemed to be necessary
based on the results of our latest detailed valuation reviews, large loss
analyses, or other analytical techniques, either positive or negative, is
reflected in the loss reserve and incurred losses for the current quarter. Differences
between actual loss emergence in a given period and our expectations based on
prior loss reserve estimates are used to monitor reserve adequacy between
detailed valuation reviews and may also influence our judgment with respect to
adjusting reserve estimates. 

 

 Details of the Loss Reserving Process 

 


 The
process of determining the current loss ratio for each product line of business
is based on a variety of factors.  These include considerations such
as: prior accident year and policy year loss ratios; rate changes; and changes
in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business. Other considerations include
actual and anticipated changes in external factors such as trends in loss costs,
inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration or in the legal and claims
environment. The current loss ratio for each product line of business is
intended to represent our best estimate after reflecting all of the relevant
factors. At the close of each quarter, the assumptions and data underlying the
loss ratios are reviewed to determine whether the loss ratios remain
appropriate. This process includes a review of the actual loss experience in
the quarter, actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in reinsurance,
quantifiable changes in coverage or mix of business, and changes in other
factors that may affect the loss ratio. When this review suggests that the
previously determined loss ratio is no longer appropriate, the loss ratio is
changed to reflect the revised estimates. 

 We conduct a
comprehensive loss detailed valuation review at least annually for each product
line of business in accordance with Actuarial Standards of Practice.   These standards provide that the unpaid loss
estimate may be presented in a variety of ways, such as a point estimate, a
range of estimates, a point estimate based on the expected value of several
reasonable estimates, or a probability distribution of the unpaid loss amount. Our
actuarial best estimate for each product line of business represents an
expected value generally considering a range of reasonably possible outcomes. 

 The reserve analysis for each product line of business is
performed by a credentialed actuarial team in collaboration with claims,
underwriting, business unit management, risk management and senior management.
Our actuaries consider the ongoing applicability of prior data groupings and
update numerous assumptions, including the analysis and selection of loss
development and loss trend factors. They also determine and select the
appropriate actuarial or other methods used to estimate reserve adequacy for
each business product line, and may employ multiple methods and assumptions for
each product line. These data groupings, accident year weights, method
selections and assumptions necessarily change over time as business mix
changes, development factors mature and become more credible and loss
characteristics evolve. In the course of these detailed valuation reviews an
actuarial best estimate of the loss reserve is determined. The sum of these
estimates for each product line of business yields an overall actuarial best
estimate for that line of business.  

 For certain product lines, we measure sensitivities and
determine explicit ranges around the actuarial best estimate using multiple
methodologies and varying assumptions. Where we have ranges, we use them to
inform our selection of best estimates of loss reserves by major product line of
business. Our range of reasonable estimates is not intended to cover all
possibilities or extreme values and is based on known data and facts at the
time of estimation. 

 We consult with third party environmental litigation and
engineering specialists, third party toxic tort claims professionals, third
party clinical and public health specialists, third party workers’ compensation
claims adjusters and third party actuarial advisors to help inform our
judgments, as needed.   

 A critical component of our detailed valuation reviews is an
internal peer review of our reserving analyses and conclusions, where actuaries
independent of the initial review evaluate the reasonableness of assumptions
used, methods selected and weightings given to different methods.  In addition,
each detailed valuation review is subjected to a review and challenge process
by specialists in our Enterprise Risk Management group. 


 


 

 42                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 

 
  
   
   We
  consider key factors in performing detailed actuarial reviews, including: 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
   an assessment of economic conditions
  including inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration; 
   ·           
   changes in the legal, regulatory,
  judicial and social environment including changes in road safety, public
  health and cleanup standards; 
   ·           
   changes in medical cost trends
  (inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation
  trends; 
   ·           
   underlying policy pricing, terms and
  conditions including attachment points and policy limits;  
   ·           
   changes in claims handling
  philosophy, operating model, processes and related ongoing enhancements;  
   ·           
   third-party claims reviews that are
  periodically performed for key product lines such as toxic tort,
  environmental and other complex casualty; 
   ·           
   third-party actuarial reviews that
  are periodically performed for key product lines of business; 
   ·           
   input from underwriters on pricing,
  terms, and conditions and market trends; and 
   ·           
   changes in our reinsurance program,
  pricing and commutations. 
   
  
 



 Actuarial and Other Methods for Major Lines of Business 

 Our
actuaries determine the appropriate actuarial methods and segmentation.  This
determination is based on a variety of factors including the nature of the
losses associated with the product line of business, such as the frequency or
severity of the claims. In addition to determining the actuarial methods, the
actuaries determine the appropriate loss reserve groupings of data. This
determination is a judgmental, dynamic process and refinements to the groupings
are made every year. The changes to groupings may be driven by and may change
to reflect observed or emerging patterns within and across product lines, or to
differentiate different risk characteristics (for example, size of deductibles
and extent of third party claims specialists used by our insureds). As an
example of reserve segmentation, we write many unique subsets of professional
liability, which cover different products, industry segments, and coverage
structures. While for pricing or other purposes, it may be appropriate to
evaluate the profitability of each subset individually, we believe it is
appropriate to combine the subsets into larger groups for reserving purposes to
produce a greater degree of credibility in the loss experience. This determination
of data segmentation and related actuarial methods is assessed, reviewed and
updated at least annually. 

 The actuarial
methods we use most commonly include paid and incurred loss development
methods, expected loss ratio methods, including “Bornhuetter Ferguson” and
“Cape Cod”, and frequency/severity models.  Loss development methods
utilize the actual loss development patterns from prior accident years updated
through the current year to project the reported losses to an ultimate basis
for all accident years. We also use this information to update our current
accident year loss selections. Loss development methods are generally most
appropriate for classes of business that exhibit a stable pattern of loss
development from one accident year to the next, and for which the components of
the product line have similar development characteristics. For example,
property exposures would generally not be combined into the same product line
as casualty exposures, and primary casualty exposures would generally not be
combined into the same product line as excess casualty exposures. We
continually refine our loss reserving techniques and adopt further
segmentations based on our analysis of differing emerging loss patterns for
certain product lines. We generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases
where the reported loss data lacked sufficient credibility to utilize loss
development methods, such as for new product lines of business or for long-tail
product lines at early stages of loss development.  Frequency/severity models
may be used where sufficient frequency counts are available to apply such
approaches. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods rely on the application of an expected loss ratio to the earned
premium for the product line of business to determine the liability for loss
reserves and loss adjustment expenses.  For example, an expected loss
ratio of 70 percent applied to an earned premium base of $10 million
for a product line of business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of
$7 million. Subtracting any paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would
result in the indicated loss reserve for this product line. Under the
Bornhuetter Ferguson methods, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the
expected unreported portion of the losses. For example, for a long-tail product
line of business for which only 10 percent of the losses are expected to
be reported at the end of the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be
used to represent the 90 percent of losses still unreported. The actual
reported losses at the end of the accident year would be added to determine the
total ultimate loss estimate for the accident year. Subtracting the reported
paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss
reserve. In the example above, the expected loss ratio of 70 percent would
be multiplied by 90 percent. The result of 63 percent would be
applied to the earned premium of $10 million resulting in an estimated
unreported loss of $6.3 million. Actual reported losses would be added to
arrive at the total ultimate losses. If the reported losses were
$1 million, the ultimate loss estimate under the Bornhuetter Ferguson
method would be $7.3 million versus the $7 million amount under the
expected loss ratio method described above. Thus, the Bornhuetter Ferguson
method gives partial credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the
product line of business. Loss development methods generally give full
credibility to the reported loss experience to date. In the example above, loss
development methods would typically indicate an ultimate loss estimate of
$10 million, as the reported losses of $1 million would be estimated
to reflect only 10 percent of the ultimate losses. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            43 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 A key advantage of loss development
methods is that they respond more quickly to any actual changes in loss costs
for the product line of business. Therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly
deteriorating or improving, the loss development method gives full credibility
to the changing experience. Expected loss ratio methods would be slower to
respond to the change, as they would continue to give more weight to a prior
expected loss ratio, until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss
ratio to reflect the changing loss experience. On the other hand, loss
development methods have the disadvantage of overreacting to changes in
reported losses if the loss experience is anomalous due to the various key
factors described above and the inherent volatility in some of the classes. For
example, the presence or absence of large losses at the early stages of loss
development could cause the loss development method to overreact to the
favorable or unfavorable experience by assuming it is a fundamental shift in
the development pattern. In these instances, expected loss ratio methods such
as Bornhuetter Ferguson have the advantage of recognizing large losses without
extrapolating unusual large loss activity onto the unreported portion of the
losses for the accident year.  

 The Cape Cod method is a hybrid between the loss development
and Bornhuetter Ferguson methods, where the historic loss data and loss
development factor assumptions are used to determine the expected loss ratio
estimate in the Bornhuetter Ferguson method.  

 Frequency/severity
methods generally rely on the determination of an ultimate number of claims and
an average severity for each claim for each accident year.  Multiplying
the estimated ultimate number of claims for each accident year by the expected
average severity of each claim produces the estimated ultimate loss for the
accident year. Frequency/severity methods generally require a sufficient volume
of claims in order for the average severity to be predictable. Average severity
for subsequent accident years is generally determined by applying an estimated
annual loss cost trend to the estimated average claim severity from prior
accident years. In certain cases, a structural approach may also be used to
predict the ultimate loss cost. Frequency/severity methods have the advantage
that ultimate claim counts can generally be estimated more quickly and
accurately than can ultimate losses. Thus, if the average claim severity can be
accurately estimated, these methods can more quickly respond to changes in loss
experience than other methods. However, for average severity to be predictable,
the product line of business must consist of homogenous types of claims for
which loss severity trends from one year to the next are reasonably consistent
and where there are limited changes to deductible levels or limits. Generally
these methods work best for high frequency, low severity product lines of
business such as personal auto. However, frequency and severity metrics are
also used to test the reasonability of results for other product lines of
business and provide indications of underlying trends in the data. In addition,
ultimate claim counts can be used as an alternative exposure measure to earned
premiums in the Cape Cod method. 

 Structural
driver analytics seek to explain the underlying drivers of frequency/severity.  
A structural driver analysis of frequency/severity is particularly useful for
understanding the key drivers of uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. For
example, for the excess workers’ compensation product line of business, we have
attempted to corroborate our judgment by considering the impact on severity of
the future potential for deterioration of an injured worker’s medical
condition, the impact of price inflation on the various categories of medical
expense and cost of living adjustments on indemnity benefits, the impact of
injured worker mortality and claim specific settlement and loss mitigation
strategies, etc., using the following: 

 •       Claim
by claim reviews, often facilitated by third party specialists, to determine
the stability and likelihood of settling an injured worker’s indemnity and
medical benefits; 

 •       Analysis
of the potential for future deterioration in medical condition unlikely to be
picked up by a claim file review and associated with potentially costly medical
procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of medical care)
over the course of the injured worker’s lifetime; 

 •       Analysis
of the cost of medical price inflation for each category of medical spend
(services and devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line with
statutory requirements; 

 •       Portfolio
specific mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions based on a
mortality study conducted for our primary and excess workers’ compensation
portfolios and our opinion of future longevity trends for the open reported
cases; 

 •       Ground-up
consideration of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the product line of
business for reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims; and 

 •       The
effects of various run-off loss management strategies that have been developed
by our run-off unit. 


 


 

 44                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 In recent years, we have expanded our analysis of
structural drivers to additional product lines of business as a means of
corroborating our judgments using traditional actuarial techniques. For
example, we have explicitly used external estimates of future medical inflation
and mortality in estimating the loss development tail for excess of deductible primary
workers’ compensation business. Using external forecasts for items such as
these can improve the accuracy and stability of our estimates. 

 The estimation
of liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses relating to
asbestos and environmental pollution losses on insurance policies written many
years ago is typically subject to greater uncertainty than other types of
losses.  This is due to inconsistent court decisions, as well as
judicial interpretations and legislative actions that in some cases have tended
to broaden coverage beyond the original intent of such policies or have
expanded theories of liability. In addition, reinsurance recoverable balances
relating to asbestos and environmental loss reserves are subject to greater
uncertainty due to the underlying age of the claim, underlying legal issues
surrounding the nature of the coverage, and determination of proper policy
period. For these reasons, these balances tend to be subject to increased
levels of disputes and legal collection activity when actually billed. The
insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive litigation over these
coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with a continuing
uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures. 

 We continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages
from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and
alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites,
referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims
asserting injuries from asbestos. The vast majority of these asbestos and
environmental losses emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years.
Commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for
pollution-related damage and asbestos. The current environmental policies that
we specifically price and underwrite for environmental risks on a claims-made
basis have been excluded from the analysis. 

 The majority of our exposures for asbestos and environmental
losses are related to excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. The
litigation costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with
litigation expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur.
Individual significant loss reserves, where future litigation costs are
reasonably determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis. 

 

 Discussion of Key
Assumptions of our Actuarial Methods 

 


 
  
   
    Line
   of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers’  
  Compensation 
   
  
   We generally use a
  combination of loss development and expected loss ratio methods for U.S.
  Workers’ Compensation as this line of business is long-tail.  
     
   The loss cost trend
  assumption is not believed to be material with respect to our guaranteed cost
  loss reserves. This is primarily because our actuaries are generally able to
  use loss development projections for all but the most recent accident year’s
  reserves, so there is limited need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for
  primary workers’ compensation business. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The tail factor is
  typically the most critical assumption, and small changes in the selected
  tail factor can have a material effect on our carried reserves.  For example,
  the tail factors beyond twenty years for guaranteed cost business could vary
  by one and one-half percent below to two percent above those actually
  indicated in the 2017 loss reserve review. For excess of deductible business,
  in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that tail factors beyond twenty
  years could vary by four percent below to six percent above those actually
  indicated in the 2017 loss reserve review. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            45 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 

 
  
   
    Line of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess
  Casualty 
   
  
   We utilize various
  loss cost trend assumptions for different segments of the portfolio. After
  evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident years since
  the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss
  cost trends applicable to the year-end 2017 loss reserve review for U.S.
  Excess Casualty may range five percent lower or higher than this estimated
  loss trend. The loss cost trend assumption is critical for the U.S. Excess
  Casualty class of business due to the long-tail nature of the losses, and is applied
  across many accident years. Thus, there is the potential for the loss
  reserves with respect to a number of accident years (the expected loss ratio
  years) to be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends that were
  initially relied upon in setting the loss reserves. These changes in loss
  trends could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial
  environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting losses. 
   U.S. Excess
  Casualty is a long-tail class of business and any deviation in loss
  development factors might not be discernible for an extended period of time
  subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve estimates for any
  accident year. Mass tort claims in particular may develop over a very
  extended period and impact multiple accident years, so we usually select a
  separate pattern for them. Thus, there is the potential for the loss reserves
  with respect to a number of accident years to be significantly affected by
  changes in loss development factors that were initially relied upon in
  setting the reserves.  
   After evaluating the
  historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the early
  1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that the actual loss
  development factors could vary by an amount equivalent to a six month shift
  from those actually utilized in the year-end 2017 reserve review. This would
  impact projections both for accident years where the selections were directly
  based on loss development methods as well as the a priori loss ratio
  assumptions for accident years with selections based on Bornhuetter-Ferguson
  or Cape Cod methods. Similar to loss cost trends, these changes in loss
  development factors could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the
  judicial environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting
  losses. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other
  Casualty 
   
  
   The key
  uncertainties for other casualty lines are similar to excess casualty, as the
  underlying business is long-tailed and can be subject to variability in loss
  cost trends and changes in loss development factors.  These may differ
  significantly by line of business as coverages such as general liability,
  medical malpractice and environmental may be subject to different risk
  drivers.  
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial
  Lines 
     
   
  
   The loss cost
  trends for U.S. D&O business vary by year and subset, but for the most
  recent accident years, it is assumed to have been generally close to zero.
  After evaluating the historical loss cost levels from prior accident years
  since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of losses relating to
  the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that the actual
  variation in loss cost levels for these subsets could vary by approximately
  10 percent lower or higher on a year-over-year basis than the assumptions actually
  utilized in the year-end 2017 reserve review. Because U.S. D&O business
  has exhibited highly volatile loss trends from one accident year to the next,
  there is the possibility of an exceptionally high deviation. In our analysis,
  the effects of loss cost trend assumptions affect the results through the a
  priori loss ratio assumptions used for the Bornhuetter-Ferguson and Cape Cod
  methods, which impact the projections for the more recent accident years. 
   The selected loss
  development factors are also an important assumption, but are less critical
  than for U.S. Excess Casualty. Because these classes are written on a claims
  made basis, the loss reporting and development tail is much shorter than for
  U.S. Excess Casualty. However, the high severity nature of the losses does
  create the potential for significant deviations in loss development patterns
  from one year to the next. Similar to U.S. Excess Casualty, after evaluating
  the historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the
  early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss
  development factors could change by an amount equivalent to a shift by six
  months from those actually utilized in the year-end 2017 reserve review. 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty
  and Financial Lines 
   
  
   Similar to U.S. business, European Casualty and Financial
  Lines can be significantly impacted by loss cost trends and changes in loss
  development factors.  The variation in such factors can differ significantly
  by product and region.  
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and
  Special Risks, and Europe  Property and Special Risks 
   
  
   For short-tail lines
  such as Property and Special Risks, variance in outcomes for individual large
  claims or events can have a significant impact on results.  These outcomes
  generally relate to unique characteristics of events such as catastrophes or
  losses with significant business interruption claims. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal
  Insurance, and Europe, and Japan Personal Insurance 
     
   
  
   Personal Insurance
  is short-tailed in nature similar to Property and Special Risks but less volatile. 
  Variance in estimates can result from unique events such as catastrophes.  In
  addition, some subsets of this business, such as auto liability, can be
  impacted by changes in loss development factors and loss cost trends.  
   
  
 



   


 


 

 46                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 

 
  
   
    Line of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-off Long
  Tail Insurance lines  
   
  
   We historically
  have used a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio
  methods for excess workers’ compensation and other run-off segments.  For
  environmental claims, we have utilized a variety of methods including
  traditional loss development approaches, claim department and other expert
  evaluations of the ultimate costs for certain claims and survival ratio
  metrics.  
   U.S. Run-off Long
  Tail Insurance lines is an extremely long-tail class of business, with a much
  greater than normal uncertainty as to the appropriate loss development
  factors for the tail of the loss development.  Specifically for excess
  workers’ compensation, after evaluating the historical loss development factors
  for prior accident years since the 1980s as well as the development over the
  past several years of the ground up loss projections utilized to help select
  the loss development factors in the tail for this class of business, in our
  judgment, it is reasonably likely that the tail factor beyond 30 years could
  vary by 10 percent above or below that actually indicated in the 2017 loss
  reserve review. 
   
  
 
   
   Other Reserve
  Items 
   
  
   Loss adjustment
  expenses (LAE) are separated into two broad categories, allocated loss adjustment
  expenses (ALAE), also referred to as legal defense and cost containment or
  “legal” and unallocated loss adjustment expenses (ULAE), which includes
  certain claims adjuster fees and other internal claim management costs. 
   We determine
  reserves for legal expenses for each class of business by one or more
  actuarial or structural driver methods. For the majority of segments, legal
  costs are analyzed in conjunction with losses. For segments where they are
  separately analyzed the methods used generally include development methods
  comparable to those described for loss development methods. The development
  could be based on either the paid loss adjustment expenses or the ratio of
  paid loss adjustment expenses to paid losses, or both. Other methods include
  the utilization of expected ultimate ratios of paid loss expense to paid
  losses, based on actual experience from prior accident years or from similar
  product lines of business. 
   The bulk of
  adjuster expenses are allocated and charged to individual claim files. For
  these expenses, we generally determine reserves based on calendar year ratios
  of adjuster expenses paid to losses paid for the particular product line of
  business. For other internal claim costs, which generally relate to specific
  claim department expenses that are not allocated to individual claim files
  such as technology costs and other broad initiatives, we look at historic and
  expected expenditures for these items and project these into the future. 
   The incidence of LAE
  is directly related to the frequency, complexity and level of underlying
  claims.  As a result, a key driver of variability in LAE is the variability
  in the overall claims, particularly for long tail lines. 
   
  
 



 The following sensitivity analysis table summarizes
the effect on the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost
trend (for accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss
development factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in
determining our estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2017: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
   Increase
  (Decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase
  (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   to
  Loss Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to
  Loss Reserves 
   
  
 
   
   Loss cost trends: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss development factors: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Excess Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      5 percent increase 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months slower 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   900 
   
  
 
   
      5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (950) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months faster 
   
  
     
   
  
   (750) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines (D&O) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Financial Lines (D&O) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      10 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months slower 
   
  
     
   
  
   800 
   
  
 
   
      10 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (400) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months faster 
   
  
     
   
  
   (550) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Run-off P&C Lines (Excess   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Workers' Compensation): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      10% tail factor increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   470 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      10% tail factor decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (470) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Workers' Compensation :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Tail factor increase (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Tail factor decrease (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (800) 
   
  
 



 (a)  Tail
factor increase of 2 percent for guaranteed cost business and 6 percent for
deductible business. 

 (b)  Tail
factor decrease of 1.5 percent for guaranteed cost business and 4 percent for
deductible business. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            47 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and
Health Insurance Contracts 

 Long-duration traditional
products  include whole life insurance, term life insurance, accident and
health insurance, long-term care insurance, and certain payout annuities for
which the payment period is life-contingent, which include certain of our
single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements. 

 For long-duration traditional
business, a “lock-in” principle applies .   The assumptions used to
calculate the benefit liabilities and DAC are set when a policy is issued and
do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition
event occurs. The assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency,
maintenance expenses, and investment returns. These assumptions are typically
consistent with pricing inputs. The assumptions also include margins for
adverse deviation, principally for key assumptions such as mortality and
interest rates used to discount cash flows, to reflect uncertainty given that
actual experience might deviate from these assumptions. Establishing margins at
contract inception requires management judgment.  The extent of the margin for
adverse deviation may vary depending on the uncertainty of the cash flows,
which is affected by the volatility of the business and the extent of our
experience with the product. 

 Loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual
experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss
recognition testing. To determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine
whether a future loss is expected based on updated current assumptions.  If
loss recognition exists, we recognize the loss by first reducing DAC through
amortization expense, and, if DAC is depleted, record additional liabilities
through a charge to policyholder benefit expense. Because of the long-term
nature of many of our liabilities subject to the “lock-in” principle, small
changes in certain assumptions may cause large changes in the degree of reserve
adequacy. In particular, changes in estimates of future invested asset returns
have a large effect on the degree of reserve deficiency. 

 For additional information on loss recognition see Note 9
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

 Groupings for loss recognition testing are
consistent with our manner of acquiring, servicing, and measuring the
profitability of the business and are applied by product groupings , including traditional life, payout annuities and
long-term care insurance .  Once loss recognition has been recorded for a
block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set
used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle. 
Key judgments made in loss recognition testing include the following: 

 •       To
determine investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we typically match
liabilities with assets of comparable duration, to the extent practicable, and
then project future cash flows on those assets. Assets supporting insurance liabilities
are primarily comprised of a diversified portfolio of high to medium quality
fixed maturity securities, and may also include, to a lesser extent,
alternative investments. Our projections include a reasonable allowance for
investment expenses and expected credit losses over the projection horizon. A
critical assumption in the projection of expected investment income is the
assumed net rate of investment return at which excess cash flows are to be
reinvested.  For products in which asset and liability durations are matched
relatively well, this is less of a consideration since interest on excess cash
flows are not a significant component of future cash flows.  For the
reinvestment rate assumption, anticipated future changes to the yield curves
could have a large effect.  Given the interest rate environment applicable at
the date of our most recent loss recognition tests, we assumed a modest and
gradual increase in long-term interest rates over time.  

 •     
 For mortality assumptions, key judgments include the extent of
industry versus own experience to base future assumptions as well as the extent
of expected mortality improvements in the future.  The latter judgment is based
on a combination of historical mortality trends and advice from industry,
public health and demography specialists that were consulted by AIG’s actuaries
and published industry information.   

 •       For
surrender rates, a key judgment involves the correlation between expected
increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in surrender
rates. To support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our products to
expected rates on competing products under different interest rate scenarios.  

 •       For
in-force long-term care insurance, rate increases are allowed but must be
approved by state insurance regulators. Consequently, the extent of rate increases
that may be assumed requires judgment.  In establishing our assumption for rate
increases for long-term care insurance, we consider historical experience as to
the frequency and level of rate increases approved by state regulators.  


 


 

 48                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 Significant unrealized appreciation on investments in a low
interest rate environment may cause DAC to be adjusted and additional future
policy benefit liabilities to be recorded through a charge directly to
accumulated other comprehensive income (“shadow loss recognition”). These
charges are included, net of tax, with the change in net unrealized
appreciation of investments. In applying shadow loss recognition, the Company
overlays unrealized gains onto loss recognition tests without revising the
underlying test.  Accordingly, there is limited additional judgment in this
process.   

 For additional
information on shadow loss recognition see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

 Guaranteed Benefit Features
of Variable Annuity Products 

 Variable annuity products offered by our
Individual Retirement and Group Retirement product lines offer guaranteed
benefit features. These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death
benefits (GMDB) that are payable in the event of death or other instances, and
living benefits that are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other
instances, at specified dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits primarily
include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB).  

 For additional
information on these features see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.   

 The liability for GMDB, which is recorded in Future
policyholder benefits, represents the expected value of benefits in excess of
the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably through Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred over the accumulation period based on total
expected fee assessments. The liabilities for GMWB, which are recorded in
Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded derivatives
measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities
recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses). 

 Our exposure to the guaranteed amounts is equal to the
amount by which the contract holder’s account balance is below the amount
provided by the guaranteed feature. A variable annuity contract may include
more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both
a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can generally only receive payout
from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a
living benefit, i.e., the features are generally mutually exclusive (except a
surviving spouse who has a rider to potentially collect both a GMDB upon their
spouse’s death and a GMWB during his or her lifetime).  A policyholder cannot
purchase more than one living benefit on one contract. Declines in the
equity markets, increased volatility and a sustained low interest rate
environment increase our exposure to potential benefits under the guaranteed
features, leading to an increase in the liabilities for those benefits. 

 For sensitivity analysis which includes the sensitivity
of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to changes in the assumptions for
interest rates, equity market returns, volatility, and mortality see Estimated
Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products below.  

 For additional discussion of market risk management
related to these product features see Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance
Risks – Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management
and Hedging Program. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            49 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 The reserving methodology and
assumptions used to measure the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed
benefit features are presented in the following table: 

 
  
   
    Guaranteed
   Benefit Feature  
    
  
    Reserving
   Methodology &  
   Assumptions and Accounting Judgments 
    
  
 
   
   GMDB 
   
  
   We determine the GMDB liability at each
  balance sheet date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in
  excess of the projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably
  over the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments.  For
  additional information on how we reserve for variable annuity products with
  guaranteed benefit features see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
  Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   Key assumptions include: 
   •       
   Interest rates, which vary by year of issuance and products 
   •       
   Mortality rates, which are based upon actual experience
  modified to allow for variations in policy form 
   •       
   Lapse rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to
  allow for variations in policy form 
   •       
   Investment returns, using assumptions from a randomly generated
  model  
   In applying asset growth assumptions for
  the valuation of the GMDB liability, we use a reversion to the mean
  methodology, similar to that applied for DAC.   For a description of this
  methodology see Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products
  below. 
   
  
 
   
   GMWB 
   
  
   GMWB living benefits are embedded
  derivatives that are required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried
  at fair value.  For additional information on how we reserve for variable
  annuity products with guaranteed benefit features see Note 14 to the
  Consolidated Financial Statements, and for information on fair value
  measurement of these embedded derivatives, including how we incorporate our
  own non-performance risk see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   The fair value of the embedded
  derivatives is based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to
  projected cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. Key
  assumptions include: 
   •       
   Interest rates 
   •       
   Equity market returns 
   •       
   Market volatility 
   •       
   Credit spreads 
   •       
   Equity / interest rate correlation 
   •       
   Policyholder behavior, including mortality, lapses, withdrawals
  and benefit utilization. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are
  subjective and based primarily on our historical experience 
   •       
   In applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of
  GMWBs, we use market-consistent assumptions calibrated to observable interest
  rate and equity option prices 
   •       
   Allocation of fees between the embedded derivative and host
  contract 
   
  
 



 Estimated Gross Profits
for Investment–Oriented Products 

 Policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs
that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new
or renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over the expected lives of the contracts,
except in instances where significant negative gross profits are expected in
one or more periods.   Estimated gross profits include net investment
income and spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender
charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses. In estimating future gross
profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on
DAC amortization. For fixed deferred annuity contracts, the future spread
between investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a
significant judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment.  

 If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC and related reserves, including VOBA, SIA, guaranteed
benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserve (URR), are recalculated using the
new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating
such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products
and deceleration of amortization in other products.  

 In estimating future gross profits for variable annuity
products as of December 31, 2017, a long-term annual asset growth assumption of
7.0 percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees
are projected) was applied to estimate the future growth in assets and related
asset-based fees.  In determining the asset growth rate, the effect of
short-term fluctuations in the equity markets is partially mitigated through
the use of a reversion to the mean methodology, whereby short-term asset growth
above or below the long-term annual rate assumption impacts the growth
assumption applied to the five-year period subsequent to the current balance
sheet date. The reversion to the mean methodology allows us to maintain our
long-term growth assumptions, while also giving consideration to the effect of
actual investment performance.  When actual performance significantly deviates
from the annual  
 


 

 50                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 long-term growth assumption, as
evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period
falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap) for a
sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the growth rate
assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean period as
well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods. 
The use of a reversion to the mean assumption is common within the industry;
however, the parameters used in the methodology are subject to judgment and
vary within the industry.  

 For additional discussion see Insurance Reserves – Life and
Annuity Reserves and DAC – DAC – Reversion to the Mean. 

 The following table summarizes the sensitivity of
changes in certain assumptions for DAC and SIA, embedded derivatives and other
reserves related to guaranteed benefits and URR, measured as the related
hypothetical impact on December 31, 2017 balances and the resulting
hypothetical impact on pre-tax income, before hedging. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Increase
  (decrease) in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Embedded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Related
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Related
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   DAC/SIA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
 
   
   Assumptions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Investment Spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   275 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   (273) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Return (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
   Volatility  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1% 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,175 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1% 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,200) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortality 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Lapse 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an decrease by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
the net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in long-term equity
returns for GMDB reserves and net impact of a one percent increase or
decrease in the S&P 500 index on the value of the GMWB embedded
derivative. 

 (b)  Represents
the net impact of a one percentage point increase or decrease in equity
volatility. 

 (c)  Represents
the net impact of one percent parallel shift in the yield curve on the value of
the GMWB embedded derivative. Does not represent interest rate spread
compression on investment-oriented products. 

 The
sensitivity ranges of 10 basis points, one percent and 10 percent are included
for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect the changes in net investment
spreads, equity return, volatility, interest rate, mortality or lapse used by
AIG in its fair value analyses or estimates of future gross profits to value
DAC and related reserves. Changes in excess of those illustrated may occur in
any period. 

 The analysis of DAC, embedded derivatives and other
reserves related to guaranteed benefits, and unearned revenue reserve is a
dynamic process that considers all relevant factors and assumptions described
above. We estimate each of the above factors individually, without the effect
of any correlation among the key assumptions. An assessment of sensitivity
associated with changes in any single assumption would not necessarily be an
indicator of future results. The effects on pre-tax income in the sensitivity
analysis  table above do not reflect the
related effects from o ur economic hedging
program, which utilizes derivative and other financial instruments and is
designed so that changes in value of those instruments move in the opposite
direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit embedded derivative liabilities.
 

 For a further discussion on guaranteed benefit features of
our variable annuities and the related hedging program see Enterprise Risk Management
Insurance Risks – Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity
Risk Management and Hedging Program, Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity
Reserves and DAC – DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging
Results, and Notes 5 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            51 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 Reinsurance
Assets 

 The estimation of reinsurance recoverable involves a
significant amount of judgment, particularly for latent exposures, such as
asbestos, due to their long-tail nature.   Reinsurance
assets include reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and,
consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the
estimation of gross loss reserves.     

 We assess the collectability of reinsurance recoverable
balances through either detailed reviews of the underlying nature of the
reinsurance balance or comparisons with historical trends of disputes and
credit events.  We record adjustments to reflect the results of these
assessments through an allowance for uncollectable reinsurance that reduces the
carrying amount of reinsurance assets on the balance sheet. This estimate
requires significant judgment for which key considerations include: 

 •       paid
and unpaid amounts recoverable;  

 •       whether
the balance is in dispute or subject to legal collection;  

 •       whether
the reinsurer is financially troubled (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in
receivership or otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory
restriction); and 

 •       whether
collateral and collateral arrangements exist. 

 At December 31, 2017, the allowance for
estimated unrecoverable reinsurance was $187 million, or less than one
percent of the consolidated reinsurance recoverable.  

 For additional information on reinsurance see Note 8 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Impairment Charges 

 Impairments of Investments 

 At
each balance sheet date, we evaluate our available for sale securities holdings
with unrealized losses to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has
occurred.  We also evaluate our other invested assets for impairment; these
include equity and cost method investments in private equity funds, hedge funds
and other entities as well as investments in life settlements, aircraft and
real estate. 

 For
additional information on the methodology and significant inputs, by investment
type, that we use to determine the amount of impairment see the discussion in
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Goodwill Impairment 

 For
a discussion of goodwill impairment see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.  In 2017, 2016 and 2015, for
substantially all of the reporting units we elected to bypass the qualitative
assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore, performed
quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair value of all
of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. To determine fair
value, we primarily use a discounted expected future cash flow analysis that
estimates and discounts projected future distributable earnings.  Such analysis
is principally based on our business projections that inherently include
judgments regarding business trends. 

 Liability for Legal Contingencies 

 We estimate and
record a liability for potential losses that may arise from regulatory and
government investigations and actions and litigation and other forms of dispute
resolution to the extent such losses are probable and can be estimated.
Determining a reasonable estimate of the amount of such losses requires
significant management judgment. In many cases, it is not possible to determine
whether a liability has been incurred or to estimate the ultimate or minimum
amount of that liability until the matter is close to resolution. In view of
the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly
in cases that are in the early stages of litigation or in which claimants seek
substantial or indeterminate damages, we often cannot predict the outcome or
estimate the eventual loss or range of reasonably possible losses related to
such matters. Given the inherent unpredictability of such matters, the outcome
of certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on
the company’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

 For more
information on legal, regulatory and litigation matters see Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 


 


 

 52                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 Fair Value
Measurements of Certain Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

 For
additional information about the measurement of fair value of financial assets
and financial liabilities and our accounting policy regarding the incorporation
of credit risk in fair value measurements see Note 5 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of fixed maturity and
equity securities by source of value determination: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   of
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on external sources (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   233 
   
  
   92 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on internal sources 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity and equity securities (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   254 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
$16.4 billion for which the primary source is broker quotes. 

 (b)  Includes
available for sale and other securities. 

 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 Assets and
liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are
measured and classified in a hierarchy for disclosure purposes consisting of
three “levels” based on the observability of inputs available in the marketplace
used to measure the fair value.  

 For
additional information see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 The following table presents the amount of assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35.9 
   
  
   7.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37.7 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.4 
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Level
3 fair value measurements are based on valuation techniques that use at least one
significant input that is unobservable. We consider unobservable inputs to be
those for which market data is not available and that are developed using the
best information available about the assumptions that market participants would
use when valuing the asset or liability. Our assessment of the significance of
a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment. 

 We classify fair
value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as Level 3 when they
require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation, including
contractual terms, prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
volatility, prepayment rates, default rates, mortality rates and correlations
of such inputs. 

 For
discussion of the valuation methodologies for assets and liabilities measured
at fair value, as well as a discussion of transfers of Level 3 assets and
liabilities see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    

 Income Taxes  

 Recoverability of Net Deferred Tax Asset 

 The evaluation
of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation
allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a
conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is
commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more
negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the
more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not
needed. 

 We consider a
number of factors to reliably estimate future taxable income so we can
determine the extent of our ability to realize net operating losses (NOLs),
foreign tax credits (FTCs), realized capital loss and other carryforwards.
These factors include forecasts of future income for each of our businesses and
actual and planned business and operational changes, both of which include
assumptions about future macroeconomic and AIG specific conditions and events.
We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions and evaluate the effect
on tax attribute utilization. We also apply stresses to our assumptions about
the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Our
income forecasts, coupled with our tax planning strategies, all resulted in
sufficient taxable income to achieve realization of the U.S. tax attributes
prior to their expiration.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            53 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Critical Accounting Estimates 

   


 
 We assess the recoverability of deferred tax assets related
to unrealized tax capital losses in the U.S. non-life companies’ available for
sale portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2017, recent changes in market
conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, impacted the unrealized tax
gains and losses in the U.S. non-life companies’ available for sale securities
portfolio, resulting in a deferred tax liability related to net unrealized tax
capital gains. As of December 31, 2017, based on all available evidence, we
have concluded no valuation allowance is necessary in the U.S. non-life companies’
available for sale securities portfolio. 

 We also assess
the recoverability of deferred tax assets related to unrealized tax capital
losses in the U.S. life insurance companies’ available for sale portfolio. For
the year ended December 31, 2017, recent changes in market conditions,
including interest rate fluctuations, impacted the unrealized tax gains and
losses in the U.S. life insurance companies’ available for sale securities
portfolio, resulting in a deferred tax liability related to net unrealized tax
capital gains. As of December 31, 2017, based on all available evidence, we
have concluded no valuation allowance is necessary in the U.S. life insurance
companies’ available for sale securities portfolio. 

 For a
discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred
tax asset see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Uncertain Tax Positions 

 Our accounting
for income taxes, including uncertain tax positions, represents management’s
best estimate of various events and transactions, and requires judgment.  FASB
Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes” (FIN 48)
now incorporated into Accounting Standards Codification, 740, Income Taxes (ASC
740) prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the
financial statement recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. The standard also provides guidance on
derecognition, classification, interest and penalties and additional disclosures.
We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be
sustained, based on technical merits, upon examination by the relevant taxing
authorities before any part of the benefit can be recognized in the financial
statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is
greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. 

 We classify
interest expense and penalties recognized on income taxes as a component of
income taxes. 

 U.S. Income Taxes on Earnings of Certain Foreign Subsidiaries 

 The U.S. federal
income tax laws applicable to determining the amount of income taxes related to
differences between the book carrying amounts and tax bases of subsidiaries are
complex. Determining the amount also requires significant judgment and reliance
on reasonable assumptions and estimates.  

 U.S. Tax Reform 

 On December 22,
2017, the U.S. enacted Public Law 115-97, known informally as the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the Tax Act).  The Tax Act reduces the statutory rate of U.S.
federal corporate income tax to 21 percent and enacts numerous other changes
impacting AIG and the insurance industry.  Additionally, the SEC staff
issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (SAB 118), which provides guidance on
accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 addresses situations
where accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act under ASC 740
may be incomplete upon issuance of an entity’s financial statements and
provides a one-year measurement period from the enactment date to complete the
accounting under ASC 740. As of December 31, 2017, we had not fully completed
our accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act.  Our provision for
income taxes for the periods ended December 31, 2017, is based in part on a
reasonable estimate of the effects on existing deferred tax balances and of
certain provisions of the Tax Act.   

 The Tax Act
includes a provision for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) under which
taxes on foreign income are imposed on the excess of a deemed return on
tangible assets of certain foreign subsidiaries.  We have made a policy
election to treat GILTI as an in period tax charge when incurred in future
periods for which no deferred taxes need to be provided. 

 For
additional discussion of the Tax Act see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 



 
  



 


 

 54                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 Execut ive Summary 

 


 Overview 

 This overview of the MD&A highlights selected information and may not
contain all of the information that is important to current or potential
investors in our securities. You should read this Annual Report in its entirety
for a more detailed description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and
critical accounting estimates affecting us.  

 In the fourth
quarter of 2017, we completed the reorganization of our operating structure.   For
a further discussion on these actions see Item 1. Business. 

 On January 21, 2018, we entered into an agreement to purchase Validus
Holdings, Ltd., a leading provider of reinsurance, primary insurance, and asset
management services, for $5.6 billion in cash. This transaction strengthens our
global General Insurance business by expanding our current product portfolio
through additional distribution channels and advancing the tools available to
enhance underwriting. The transaction is expected to close mid-2018 and is
subject to obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals and other customary
closing conditions.   

 In February
2018, we closed a series of affiliated reinsurance transactions impacting the
Legacy Portfolio. These transactions were designed to consolidate the bulk of
the Legacy Insurance Run-Off Lines into a single legal entity, DSA Reinsurance
Company, Ltd. (DSA Re), a Bermuda domiciled composite reinsurer, 100 percent
owned by AIG. The transactions include the cession of approximately $32 billion
of reserves from the Legacy Life and Retirement Run-off Lines and approximately
$5 billion of reserves from the Legacy General Insurance Run-off Lines relating
to business written by multiple AIG legal entities. This represented over 80
percent of the insurance reserves in the Legacy Portfolio as of December 31,
2017. DSA Re will have approximately $40 billion of invested assets, managed by
AIG Investments and will become AIG’s main run-off reinsurer with its own
dedicated management team.  

 Following the
close of the DSA Re transactions, Eaglestone Reinsurance Company will continue
to reinsure the AIG property casualty pool companies for their asbestos
liabilities and benefit from the retroactive reinsurance agreement entered into
with NICO in 2011.  

    

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            55   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 Financial Performance
Summary 

   

 
  
   
   Net
  Income (Loss) Attributable To AIG 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
     
     
     
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016
  Comparison 
   Decreased primarily due
  to a $6.7 billion tax charge related to the enactment of the Tax Act.
  Excluding this tax charge, net income increased $1.5 billion due to: 
   •     
   lower losses from General Insurance operations, reflecting $1.0
  billion of pre-tax unfavorable prior year loss reserve development in 2017
  driven by higher than expected loss emergence in General Insurance primarily
  related to accident year 2016 compared to $5.4 billion in 2016, partially
  offset by higher catastrophe losses; 
   •     
   a net positive adjustment from the update of Life and
  Retirement actuarial assumptions in 2017 compared to a net negative
  adjustment in the prior year; 
   •     
   lower general operating and other expenses; 
   •     
   lower net realized capital losses; 
   •     
   increased adjusted pre-tax income from the Legacy Portfolio;
  and 
   •     
   higher net investment income due to increased income from
  alternative investments and higher appreciation on assets for which the fair
  value option was elected.  
   This increase was partially offset by a loss on sale
  of divested businesses in 2017 compared to a gain on sale of divested
  businesses in 2016.  
     
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Declined primarily due to a
  decrease in income from insurance operations, reflecting $5.4 billion of
  pre-tax prior year adverse reserve development in General Insurance in 2016
  compared to $3.3 billion pre-tax in 2015.  In addition, we recorded net realized
  capital losses in 2016 compared to net realized capital gains in 2015. These
  decreases were partially offset by improved performance from Life and
  Retirement. 
   For further discussion
  see MD&A – Consolidated Results of Operations. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 56                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 

 
  
   
   Adjusted Pre-Tax Income* 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
     
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016
  Comparison 
   Increased primarily due
  to: 
   •     
   lower losses from General Insurance operations, reflecting $1.0
  billion of pre-tax unfavorable prior year loss reserve development in 2017
  driven by higher than expected loss emergence in General Insurance primarily
  related to accident year 2016 compared to $5.4 billion in 2016, partially
  offset by higher catastrophe losses; 
   •     
   a net positive adjustment from the update of Life and
  Retirement actuarial assumptions in 2017 compared to a net negative
  adjustment in in the prior year; 
   •     
   lower general operating and other expenses; 
   •     
   increased adjusted pre-tax income from the Legacy Portfolio;
  and 
   •     
   higher net investment income due to increased income from
  alternative investments and higher appreciation on assets for which the fair
  value option was elected.  
     
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison 
   Decreased
  primarily due to adverse prior year loss reserve development in General
  Insurance of $5.4 billion in 2016 compared to $3.3 billion in 2015. 
   This decrease was partially offset by: 
   •     
   favorable adjustments to reserves and DAC in Life and
  Retirement, including higher net positive adjustments from the update of
  actuarial assumptions in Individual Retirement and Life Insurance; and 
   •       lower
  general operating and other expenses. 
   For
  further discussion see MD&A – Consolidated Results of Operations. 
   
  
 



 *    Non-GAAP measure  – for reconciliation
of Non-GAAP to GAAP measures see Consolidated Results of Operations .  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            57   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 

 
  
   
   General Operating and Other Expenses 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
     
   General
  Operating Expenses, Adjusted Basis*  
   ($ in millions) 
   
   
  
   Declined $3.6 billion
  since 2015 due to lower employee-related expenses and professional fee
  reductions related to our ongoing efficiency program and divestitures of
  businesses, including United Guaranty, AIG Advisor Group, Fuji Life and NSM
  Insurance Group LLC (NSM), and a favorable foreign exchange impact of $63
  million. 
   In
  keeping with our broad and ongoing efforts to transform for long-term
  competitiveness, general operating and other expenses for 2017, 2016 and 2015
  included approximately $413 million, $694 million and $496 million of pre-tax
  restructuring and other costs, respectively, which were primarily comprised
  of employee severance charges. 
   We
  continue to execute initiatives focused on organizational simplification,
  operational efficiency, and business rationalization.  
   
  
 



 *    Non-GAAP measure  – for reconciliation
of Non-GAAP to GAAP measures see Consolidated Results of Operations .  

   


 


 

 58                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 

 
  
   
   Return on Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjusted
  Return on Equity* 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
     
   
  
   
     
   
  
 
   
   *    Non-GAAP
  measure  – for reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP measures see Consolidated
  Results of Operations .  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book
  Value Per Share  
   
  
     
   
  
   Book
  Value Per Share, excluding AOCI* 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
     
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
   *    Non-GAAP
  measure  – for reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP measures see Consolidated
  Results of Operations .  
   
  
 



 AIG’s Outlook – Industry and economic factors 

 Our business is affected by industry and economic factors
such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market
conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition,
and general economic, market and political conditions. We continued to operate
under difficult market conditions in 2017, characterized by factors such as
historically low interest rates, the Department of Labor’s (the DOL) final
fiduciary duty rule (the DOL Fiduciary Rule), historically high levels of
catastrophic events, slowing growth in China and Euro-Zone economies, and the
formal commencement of the UK’s withdrawal from its membership in the European
Union (the EU) (commonly referred to as Brexit). Brexit has also affected the
U.S. dollar/British pound exchange rate and increased the volatility of
exchange rates among the euro, British pound and the Japanese yen (the Major
Currencies), which may continue for some time. 

 Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment 

 Interest
rates have remained at historically low levels throughout 2017. Certain markets
in which we operate have experienced negative interest rates. A sustained low
interest rate environment negatively affects sales of interest rate sensitive
products in our industry and may negatively impact the profitability of our
existing business as we reinvest cash flows from investments, including
increased calls and prepayments of fixed maturity securities and mortgage
loans, at rates below the average yield of our existing portfolios. We actively
manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio
selection and asset-liability management, including spread management
strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of
interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index
annuities. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            59   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 Annuity Sales and Surrenders 

 The
sustained low interest rate environment has a significant impact on the annuity
industry. Low long-term interest rates put pressure on investment returns,
which may negatively affect sales of interest rate sensitive products and
reduce future profits on certain existing fixed rate products.  However, our
disciplined rate setting has helped to mitigate some of the pressure on
investment spreads. As long as the low interest rate environment continues,
conditions will be challenging for the fixed annuity market. Rapidly rising
interest rates could create the potential for increased sales, but may also drive
higher surrenders. Customers are, however, currently buying fixed annuities
with surrender charge periods of four to seven years in pursuit of higher
returns, which may help mitigate the rate of increase in surrenders in a
rapidly rising rate environment. In addition, older contracts that have higher
minimum interest rates and continue to be attractive to the contract holders
have driven better than expected persistency in Fixed Annuities, although the
reserves for such contracts have continued to decrease over time in amount and
as a percentage of the total annuity portfolio.  We will closely monitor
surrenders of Fixed Annuities as contracts with lower minimum interest rates
come out of the surrender charge period in a more attractive rate environment.
Low interest rates have also driven growth in our fixed index annuity products,
which provide additional interest crediting tied to favorable performance in
certain equity market indices and the availability of guaranteed living
benefits. Changes in interest rates significantly impact the valuation of our
liabilities for guaranteed products with income features and the value of the
related hedging portfolio. 

 Reinvestment and Spread Management 

 We
actively monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates,
credit spreads and the shape of the yield curve. We also frequently review our
interest rate assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for new
and in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve to maintain
profitability of the overall business in a historically low interest rate
environment. The low interest rate environment makes it more difficult to
profitably price many of our products and puts margin pressure on existing
products, due to the challenge of investing recurring premiums and deposits and
reinvesting investment portfolio cash flows in the low interest rate
environment while maintaining satisfactory investment quality and liquidity. In
addition, there is investment risk associated with future premium receipts from
certain in‑force business. Specifically, the investment of these future
premium receipts may be at a yield below that required to meet future policy
liabilities. 

 The
contractual provisions for renewal of crediting rates and guaranteed minimum crediting
rates included in products may reduce spreads in a sustained low interest rate
environment and thus reduce future profitability. Although this interest rate
risk is partially mitigated through the asset‑liability management
process, product design elements and crediting rate strategies, a sustained low
interest rate environment may negatively affect future profitability. 

 For
additional information on our investment and asset-liability management
strategies see Investments. 

 For
investment-oriented products in our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement,
Life Insurance and Institutional Markets businesses, our spread management
strategies include disciplined pricing and product design for new business,
modifying or limiting the sale of products that do not achieve targeted
spreads, using asset-liability management to match assets to liabilities to the
extent practicable, and actively managing crediting rates to help mitigate some
of the pressure on investment spreads. Renewal crediting rate management is
done under contractual provisions that were designed to allow crediting rates
to be reset at pre-established intervals in accordance with state and federal
laws and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees. We will continue to
adjust crediting rates on in-force business to mitigate the pressure on spreads
from declining base yields, but our ability to lower crediting rates may be
limited by the competitive environment, contractual minimum crediting rates,
and provisions that allow rates to be reset only at pre-established intervals. 

 Of the aggregate fixed account values of our
Individual Retirement and Group Retirement annuity products, 73 percent were
crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at December 31,
2017. The percentage of fixed account values of our annuity products that are
currently crediting at rates above one percent was 69 percent and 70 percent at
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. These businesses continue to focus on
pricing discipline and strategies to reduce the minimum guaranteed interest
crediting rates offered on new sales. In the core universal life business in
our Life Insurance business, 71 percent of the account values were crediting at
the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at December 31, 2017. 


 


 

 60                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 The following
table presents fixed annuity and universal life account values of our
Individual Retirement, Group Retirement and Life Insurance operating segments
by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Current
  Crediting Rates 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1-50
  Basis 
   
  
   More
  than 50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Minimum Guaranteed  
   
  
   At
  Contractual 
   
  
   Points
  Above 
   
  
   Basis
  Points 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Above
  Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,823 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,963 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,126 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,334 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,753 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,210 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,258 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   556 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual Retirement 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,981 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,752 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,527 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,411 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,674 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,565 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,650 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,029 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,502 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   879 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   879 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,103 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Group Retirement 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,249 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,187 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,884 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,320 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Universal life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   419 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
     
   
  
   926 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,038 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,048 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,443 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total universal life insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,225 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,260 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,928 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102,107 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Percentage of total 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Individual
Retirement and Group Retirement amounts shown include fixed options within
variable annuity products. 

 Assumption Updates and Loss Recognition 

 Spreads
and surrender rates are important components of the future profit assumptions
that drive the rate we use to amortize DAC and related reserves for
investment-oriented products. If future profit assumptions change
significantly, we may be required to recalculate DAC and related reserves, and
reflect any resulting adjustments in current period income. In addition to
investment-oriented products, certain traditional long-duration products for
which we do not have the ability to adjust interest rates, such as payout
annuities, are exposed to reduced earnings and potential loss recognition
reserve increases in a sustained low interest rate environment.  

 For discussion of such adjustments recorded in our Life and
Retirement and Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines see Insurance Reserves
– Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Update of Actuarial Assumptions. 

 General Insurance 

 The
impact of low interest rates on our General Insurance segment is primarily on
our long-tail Casualty line of business. We expect limited impacts on our
existing long-tail Casualty business as the duration of our assets is slightly
longer than that of our liabilities. We do expect sustained low interest rates
will impact new and renewal business for the long-tail Casualty line as we may
not be able to adjust our future pricing consistent with our profitability
objectives to fully offset the impact of investing at lower rates. However, we
will continue to maintain pricing discipline and risk selection. 

 In addition, for
our General Insurance segment and General Insurance run-off lines reported
within the Legacy Portfolio, sustained low interest rates may unfavorably
affect the net loss reserve discount for workers’ compensation, and to a lesser
extent could favorably impact assumptions about future medical costs, the
combined net effect of which could result in higher net loss reserves.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            61   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|    Executive Summary   

   


 
 Additionally, sustained low interest rates on discounting
of projected benefit cash flows for our pension plans may result in higher
pension expense.  

 Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule and Related Regulatory Developments 

 Our
Individual Retirement and Group Retirement operating segments provide products
and services that are subject to restrictions imposed by the ERISA and the
Internal Revenue Code, including the requirements of the DOL Fiduciary Rule,
related exemption amendments, and subsequent interpretative guidance and
bulletins. Overall, the DOL Fiduciary Rule, as currently promulgated, would
result in increased compliance costs and may create increased exposure to legal
claims under certain circumstances, including class actions. Following the
extension of the applicability dates of the DOL Fiduciary Rule and related
exemptions announced by the DOL in April 2017, the new definition of fiduciary
and the impartial conduct standards under the DOL Fiduciary Rule became
applicable on June 9, 2017, with the remaining provisions of the rule scheduled
to become applicable on January 1, 2018. On November 29, 2017, the DOL
finalized an 18-month delay of the elements of the rule that have not yet taken
effect.   

 Uncertainty
in the annuity market around the implementation of the DOL Fiduciary Rule has
negatively impacted industry sales of annuity products, including those offered
by Individual Retirement as reflected in declines of premiums and deposits and
net flows in our variable annuity product line during the 12-month period ended
December 31, 2017.  Despite these effects, we believe our diverse complement of
annuity product offerings position Individual Retirement and Group Retirement
to effectively compete in this evolving retirement market environment. 

 In
addition to the DOL reexamining the Fiduciary Rule, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and state insurance regulators are also engaged in efforts to
evaluate standards of conduct for investment advice, and to impose fiduciary
duties on financial advisers who give investment advice.  These regulatory
initiatives may also create additional uncertainties in the annuity marketplace
that could affect our distribution partners and the industry sales of annuity
products.  While we cannot yet predict what impact these developments will have
on our businesses, we are closely following the ongoing review and assessment
of the DOL Fiduciary Rule as well as these other federal and state-level
developments. 

 Impact of Currency Volatility 

 Currency
volatility remains acute. Such volatility affected line item components of
income for those businesses with substantial international operations. In
particular, growth trends in net premiums written reported in U.S. dollars can
differ significantly from those measured in original currencies. The net effect
on underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues
and expenses are similarly affected.  

 These currencies
may continue to fluctuate, in either direction, especially as a result of the
UK’s announced exit from the EU, and such fluctuations will affect net premiums
written growth trends reported in U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement
line item comparability. 

 General Insurance businesses are transacted in most major foreign
currencies. The following table presents the average of the quarterly weighted
average exchange rates of the Major Currencies, which have the most significant
impact on our businesses:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   Rate for 1 USD 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Currency: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   JPY 
   
  
     
   
  
   112.44 
   
  
   109.19 
   
  
   120.82 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   EUR 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.90 
   
  
   0.90 
   
  
   0.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   GBP 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.78 
   
  
   0.73 
   
  
   0.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 Unless
otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign exchange in the General
Insurance discussion of results of operations are with respect to movements in
the Major Currencies included in the preceding table. 

 Other Industry Developments 

 On September 7,
2017, the UK Ministry of Justice announced a proposal to increase the Ogden
rate from negative 0.75 percent to between zero and one percent. This proposal
has to be passed by Parliament. We will continue to monitor the progress with
this potential change. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 62                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 

 


 The
following section provides a comparative discussion of our Consolidated Results
of Operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended December 31,
2017. Factors that relate primarily to a specific business are discussed in
more detail within the business segment operations section.  

 For a discussion of the Critical Accounting
Estimates that affect our results of operations see the Critical Accounting
Estimates section of this MD&A . 

 The following table presents our consolidated results of
operations and other key financial metrics: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       34,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       36,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains
  (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
       776 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
     
   
  
       52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
       58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and
  expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and
  losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,972 
   
  
     
   
  
       32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,592 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,107 
   
  
     
   
  
       10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
       12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (Gain) loss on extinguishment
  of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
       74 
   
  
     
   
  
       756 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
       11 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses
  and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,054 
   
  
     
   
  
       52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
       55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from
  continuing operations before  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
       (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
       185 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from
  continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from
  discontinued operations, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net of income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
       (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
       - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
     
   
  
       (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less: Net income
  attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
       500 
   
  
     
   
  
       26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (94) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss)
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted Return on equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            63 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 The following table presents a reconciliation
of General operating and other expenses to General operating expense, adjusted
basis, which is a Non-GAAP measure: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and
  other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (694) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other (income) expense
  related to retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pension expense related
  to a one-time lump sum payment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to former employees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation
  reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total general operating
  and other expenses included 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   in adjusted pre-tax
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,945 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss adjustment expenses,
  reported as policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   benefits and losses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (645) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-deferrable insurance
  commissions and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (579) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (508) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Direct marketing and
  acquisition expenses, net of deferrals, and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (659) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses
  reported as net investment income and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total general operating
  expenses, adjusted basis 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,952 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 The following table presents a reconciliation of pre-tax
income/net income (loss) attributable to AIG to adjusted pre-tax
income/adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except
  per share data) 
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income/net
  income (loss), including 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,063) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (288) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,193 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (561) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income/net
  income (loss) attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in uncertain tax
  positions and other tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (488) 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (112) 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income tax valuation
  allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
 
   
   Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of
  securities used to hedge 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   guaranteed living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and
  DAC, VOBA and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   SIA related to net realized
  capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Unfavorable (favorable) prior
  year development and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   related amortization changes
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   under retroactive reinsurance
  agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
   (Gain) loss on extinguishment
  of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital (gains)
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   874 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,383 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (776) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (505) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interest on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net realized capital (gains)
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   (Income) loss from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   (Income) loss from divested
  businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation reserves
  and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (84) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve development related to
  certain 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   non-operating run-off insurance
  business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss reserve discount
  (benefit) charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
 
   
   Pension expense related to a
  one-time lump sum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   payment to former employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   496 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
 




 


 

 64                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 

 
  
   
   Adjusted
  pre-tax income/Adjusted after-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    income  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   906 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   448 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,872 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average
  diluted shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   930.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334.5 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per
  common share attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating
  income per 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   common share
  attributable to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.15 
   
  
 



 *   For 2017 and 2016, because we
reported a net loss, all common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and are
therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted shares and diluted per share
amounts.  However, because we reported adjusted after-tax income, the calculation
of adjusted after-tax income per diluted share includes 22,412,682 dilutive
shares and 30,326,772 dilutive shares for 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 pre-tax income (loss) Comparison for 2017 and 2016 

 Pre-tax results increased in 2017 compared to 2016
primarily due to: 

 •       an
increase in General Insurance Adjusted pre-tax income due to unfavorable prior
year loss reserve development of $1.0 billion in 2017 driven by higher than
expected loss emergence in General Insurance primarily related to accident year
2016 compared to $5.4 billion in 2016, partially offset by higher aggregate
pre-tax catastrophe losses of $4.2 billion, which included losses from
Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, the earthquake in Mexico and the wildfires
in California, compared to catastrophe losses of $1.3 billion in the prior
year;  

 •       lower
general operating and other expenses reflecting strategic actions to reduce
expenses and divestitures of businesses, including United Guaranty, AIG Advisor
Group, Inc. (AIG Advisor Group), Fuji Life and NSM;  

 •       a
net positive adjustment from the update of Life and Retirement actuarial
assumptions compared to a net negative adjustment in the prior year; 

 •       higher
Adjusted pre-tax income from the Legacy Portfolio;  

 •       an
increase in net investment income due to higher income on alternative
investments, primarily in our hedge fund portfolio and higher gains on assets
for which we elected the fair value option, which more than offset lower
invested assets and blended investment yields on new investments that were
lower than the average yield of our existing portfolios; and 

 •       a
decrease in net realized capital losses reflecting: 

 –     foreign
exchange gains in 2017 compared to foreign exchange losses in the prior year
due to $910 million of remeasurement losses for a short-term intercompany
balance in 2016; and 

 –     lower
other-than-temporary impairments. 

 Partially offset by: 

 –     movement
in the non-performance or “own credit” risk adjustment (NPA), driven by
tightening credit spreads and lower expected GMWB payments due to higher equity
markets, and higher derivative losses from variable annuity GMWB, net of hedges,
including losses from guaranteed living benefit embedded derivatives, net of
hedging, primarily due to a higher net negative adjustment from updates of
actuarial assumptions; and 

 –     gains
in the prior year on the sale of a portion of our investment in People’s
Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and PICC Property & Casualty
Company Limited (collectively, our PICC Investment). 

 The increase in pre-tax results was partially
offset by lower income from divested businesses in 2017 compared to the prior
year due to gains on the sales of United Guaranty, AIG Advisor Group and
NSM, partially offset by losses on the agreements to sell Fuji Life to FWD
Group and certain insurance operations and assets to Fairfax. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            65 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 pre-tax
income (LOSS) Comparison for 2016 and 2015 

 Pre-tax results decreased in 2016 compared to
2015 primarily due to: 

 •       adverse
prior year loss reserve development in General Insurance of $5.4 billion in
2016 compared to $3.3 billion in 2015; and 

 •       net
realized losses compared to net realized gains in the prior year due to: 

 –     foreign
exchange losses in 2016 compared to foreign exchange gains in 2015 primarily
due to $910 million of remeasurement losses for a short-term intercompany
balance; 

 –     the
sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial Inc. and common shares of
Springleaf Holdings, Inc. (Springleaf, now known as OneMain Holdings, Inc.) in
2015; and 

 –     a
net decrease of $1.4 billion related to Life and Retirement guaranteed living
benefits, net of hedges, primarily due to movement in the NPA component of the
embedded derivative fair value measurement and 2016 actuarial assumption
updates to surrender and mortality assumptions (see Insurance Reserves – Life
and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging
Results). 

 These decreases were
partially offset by: 

 •       favorable
adjustments to reserves and DAC in Life and Retirement, including higher net
positive adjustments in 2016 to reflect the update of actuarial assumptions in
Individual Retirement and Life Insurance; 

 •       lower
general operating expenses reflecting strategic actions to reduce expenses; 

 •       lower
loss on extinguishment of debt from ongoing liability management activities;
and 

 •       higher
income from divested businesses due to gains on the sales of United
Guaranty, AIG Advisor Group and NSM, partially offset by losses on the
agreements to sell Fuji Life to FWD Group and certain insurance operations and
assets to Fairfax. 

 U.S. Tax Reform Overview 

 On
December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted Public Law 115-97, known informally as the
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act).  The Tax Act reduces the statutory rate of
U.S. federal corporate income tax to 21 percent and enacts numerous other
changes impacting AIG and the insurance industry.   

 Changes
specific to the insurance industry include the calculation of insurance tax
reserves and related transition adjustments, amortization of specified policy
acquisition expenses, treatment of separate account dividends received
deductions, and computation of pro-ration adjustments.  Provisions of the Tax
Act with broader application include reductions or elimination of deductions
for certain items, e.g., reductions to corporate dividends received deductions,
disallowance of entertainment expenses, and limitations on the deduction of
certain executive compensation costs.  These provisions, generally, will result
in an increase in AIG’s taxable income in the years beginning after December
31, 2017.     

 Consistent
with current income tax accounting requirements, we have remeasured our
deferred tax assets and liabilities with reference to the statutory income tax
rate of 21 percent and taking into consideration other provisions of the Tax
Act.  As of December 31, 2017, we had not fully completed our accounting for
the tax effects of the Tax Act.  Our provision for income taxes for the period
ended December 31, 2017, is based in part on a reasonable estimate of the
effects on existing deferred tax balances and of certain provisions of the Tax
Act.  To the extent a reasonable estimate of the impact of certain provisions
was determinable, we recorded provisional estimates as a component of our
provision for income taxes on continuing operations.  To the extent a
reasonable estimate of the impact of certain provisions was not determinable,
we have not recorded any adjustments and have continued accounting for them in
accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of the tax laws in effect before enactment
of the Tax Act.  Please refer to Note  23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  for further information about these provisions. 


 


 

 66                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 The Tax Act includes
provisions for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) under which taxes on
foreign income are imposed on the excess of a deemed return on tangible assets
of certain foreign subsidiaries and for Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT) under
which taxes are imposed on certain base eroding payments to affiliated foreign
companies.  Consistent with accounting guidance, we will treat BEAT as an in
period tax charge when incurred in future periods for which no deferred taxes
need to be provided and have made an accounting policy election to treat GILTI
taxes in a similar manner.  Accordingly, no provision for income taxes related
to GILTI or BEAT was recorded as of December 31, 2017. 

 For
the period ended December 31, 2017, we recognized a provisional estimate of
income tax effects of the Tax Act of $6.7 billion, including a tax charge of
$6.7 billion attributable to the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax
rate and tax benefit of $38 million related to the deemed repatriation tax.  

 In
our assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we made certain
assumptions related to the impact of the Tax Act on our future taxable income. 
Generally, the Tax Act provisions result in an increase in our taxable income
and, thus, accelerate utilization of our tax attribute deferred tax asset. 
Accordingly, we do not currently anticipate that our reliance on provisional
estimates would have a material impact on our determination of the
realizability of our deferred tax assets.    

 Repatriation
Assumptions 

 As a
result of the Tax Act, the majority of accumulated foreign earnings that were
previously untaxed will become subject to a one-time deemed repatriation tax.
Going forward, foreign earnings not taxed as part of the one-time deemed
repatriation (or otherwise taxed currently under the GILTI or subpart F
regimes) will generally be exempt from U.S. tax upon repatriation.
Notwithstanding the changes, U.S. tax on foreign exchange gain or loss and
certain non-U.S. withholding taxes will continue to be applicable upon future
repatriations of foreign earnings.  For the year ended December 31, 2017, we
consider our foreign earnings with respect to certain operations in Canada,
South Africa, the Far East, Latin America, Bermuda as well as the European,
Asia Pacific and Middle East regions to be indefinitely reinvested.  These
earnings relate to ongoing operations and have been reinvested in active
business operations. Deferred taxes have been provided on earnings of non-U.S.
affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested. 

 Impact
of Deemed Repatriation Tax on Liquidity  

 The
Tax Act requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax, net of tax credits
related to applicable foreign taxes paid, on previously untaxed current and
accumulated earnings and profits (E&P) of certain of our foreign
subsidiaries.  In the determination of the deemed repatriation tax, we reviewed
estimated post-1986 E&P of the relevant foreign subsidiaries, and any
related non-U.S. income tax paid on such earnings. Based on this analysis, we
were able to determine a reasonable estimate and we have recorded a provisional
estimated tax benefit of $38 million.  This amount is not considered to be
material to our liquidity and capital resources. 

 Impact
to Effective Tax Rate on Future Consolidated Results of Operations 

 We
currently estimate that effective tax rate on future consolidated results of
operations would be 21-22 percent, excluding impact of the items that cannot be
forecasted.  The effective tax rate is anticipated to exceed the U.S. statutory
income tax rate primarily because we have operations in jurisdictions where
statutory income tax rates exceed 21 percent. 

 INCOME TAX EXPENSE ANALYSIS 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2017,  the effective tax rate on
income from continuing operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate
differs from the 2017 statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to 

 •        tax charges
of: 

 –      $6.7 billion
associated with the enactment of the Tax Act discussed above,  

 –      $660 million
of tax charges and related interest associated with increases in uncertain tax
positions primarily related to cross border financing transactions and other
open tax issues,  

 –      $69 million associated
with the effect of foreign operations,  and  

 –      $35  million of
non-deductible transfer pricing charges 

 •        partially
offset by tax benefits of: 

 –      $201 million
of tax exempt income,  

 –      $184 million
of reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from
continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities,
and 

 –      $40 million of
 excess
tax deductions related to share based compensation payments recorded through
the income statement in accordance with relevant accounting literature. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            67 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 The effect of
foreign operations is primarily related to losses incurred in our European
operations taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35 percent and other
foreign taxes.  

 For
the year ended December 31, 2016, the effective tax rate on loss from
continuing operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate on loss from
continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent
primarily due to 

 •     
  tax
charges of: 

 –      $234 million associated with
the effect of foreign operations,   

 –      $216 million of tax and
related interest associated with increases in uncertain tax positions related
to cross border financing transactions,  

 –      $118 million related to
disposition of subsidiaries,  

 –      $102 million related to
non-deductible transfer pricing charges, and 

 –      $83 million related to
increases in the deferred tax asset valuation allowances associated with U.S.
federal and certain foreign jurisdictions; 

 •     
  partially
offset by tax benefits of: 

 –      $253 million related to tax
exempt income,  

 –      $164 million associated with a
portion of the U.S. Life Insurance companies capital loss carryforwards
previously treated as expired that was restored and utilized,  

 –      $116 million related to the
impact of an agreement reached with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related
to certain tax issues under audit, and  

 –      $132 million of
reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from
continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities.
 

 The effect of foreign operations is primarily related to foreign
exchange losses incurred by our foreign subsidiaries related to the weakening
of the British pound following the Brexit vote taxed at a statutory tax rate
lower than 35 percent. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, the effective tax
rate on income from continuing operations was 32.3 percent. The effective tax
rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate
of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits of $195 million associated with tax
exempt interest income, $127 million related to reclassifications from
accumulated other comprehensive income to income from continuing operations
related to the disposal of available for sale securities, $58 million
associated with the effect of foreign operations, and $109 million related to
the partial completion of the IRS examination covering tax year 2006, partially
offset by $324 million of tax charges and related interest associated with
increases in uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing
transactions, and $110 million related to increases in the deferred tax asset
valuation allowances associated with certain foreign jurisdictions.  

 For additional information see Note 23 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.    








 

 

 


 

 68                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations 

   


 
 Business Segment Operations 

 


 Our business
operations consist of General Insurance, Life and Retirement, Other Operations,
and a Legacy Portfolio.  

 General Insurance consists of two operating segments: North
America and International. Life and Retirement consists of four operating
segments: Group Retirement, Individual Retirement, Life Insurance and
Institutional Markets. Other Operations consists of businesses and items not
allocated to our other businesses, which are primarily AIG Parent, Blackboard,
Fuji Life, which was sold on April 30, 2017, and United Guaranty, which was
sold on December 31, 2016. Our Legacy Portfolio consists of our Legacy General
Insurance Run-Off Lines, Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and Legacy
Investments. Effective in 2018, our newly formed Bermuda domiciled composite
reinsurer, DSA Re. will be part of our Legacy Portfolio.  

 We modified the
presentation of our segment results in 2017 to reflect our new operating
structure and prior periods’ presentation has been revised to conform to our
new structure. 

 For further
information on our segment changes see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

 The following table summarizes Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) from
our business segment operations.  See also Note 3 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.    

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Core business: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,399) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (813) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,051) 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   264 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,124 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,011) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (825) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidations, eliminations and other adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Core  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,851 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,984 
   
  
 










 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            69 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 

 
  
   
   General Insurance  
   
  
 



 General Insurance is managed by our geographic markets of
North America and International.  Our global presence is reflected in our
multinational capabilities to provide our Commercial Lines and Personal
Insurance products within these geographic markets. 

 
  
   
   PRODUCTS AND
  DISTRIBUTION 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 
     
  
    
  
  
 
   

   

   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liability:  Products include general
  liability, environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers’
  compensation, excess casualty and crisis management insurance products.
  Casualty also includes risk- sharing and other customized structured programs
  for large corporate and multinational customers. 
   Financial Lines:  Products include
  professional liability insurance for a range of businesses and risks,
  including directors and officers liability (D&O), mergers and
  acquisitions (M&A), fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability,
  cyber risk, kidnap and ransom, and errors and omissions insurance (E&O). 
   Property:  Products include commercial,
  industrial and energy-related property insurance products and services that
  cover exposures to man-made and natural disasters, including business
  interruption. 
   Special Risks:
   Products include aerospace, political risk, trade credit, portfolio
  solutions, surety and marine insurance. 
   Personal Lines:   Products include personal auto and property in selected international
  markets and insurance for high net worth individuals offered through AIG
  Private Client Group (PCG) in the U.S. that covers auto, homeowners,
  umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections. In addition, we offer extended warranty insurance and services
  covering electronics, appliances, and HVAC. 
   Accident & Health:  Products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal
  accident and supplemental health products for individuals, employees,
  associations and other organizations, as well as a broad range of travel
  insurance products and services for leisure and business travelers. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   General
  Insurance products in North America and International markets are distributed
  through various channels, including captive and independent agents, brokers,
  affinity partners, airlines and travel agents, and retailers. Our
  distribution network is aided by our competitive position to write
  multiple-national and cross-border risks in both Commercial Lines and
  Personal Insurance. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 


 

 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 Profitable
Growth:  Deploy
capital efficiently to act opportunistically and optimize diversity within the
portfolio to grow in profitable lines, geographies and customer segments. 
Look to inorganic growth opportunities in profitable markets and segments to
expand our capabilities and footprint. 

 Reinsurance
Optimization: 
Strategically partner with reinsurers to reduce exposure to losses arising from
frequency of large catastrophic events and the severity from individual risk
losses. We will optimize our reinsurance program to manage volatility and
protect the balance sheet from tail events and unpredictable net losses in
support of our profitable growth objectives. 

 Underwriting
Excellence:  Empower and
increase accountability of the underwriter and continue to integrate underwriting,
claims and actuarial to enable better decision making.  Focus on enhancing
risk selection, driving consistent underwriting best practices and building
robust monitoring standards to improve underwriting results. 
 

 


 

 70                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 COMPETITION and challenges 

 


 Operating   in
a   highly competitive  industry,   General Insurance competes   against several hundred companies,   specialty    insurance organizations, mutual companies and other underwriting
organizations in the   U.S. In
international   markets, we compete for   business with the   foreign    insurance
operations of large global insurance groups and local   companies in specific market areas and product types. Insurance
companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria, product
pricing, service and terms and conditions. General Insurance seeks to
distinguish itself in the   insurance
industry primarily based on its well-established brand, global franchise,
multinational capabilities, financial and capital strength, innovative
products, claims expertise to handle complex claims, expertise in providing
specialized coverages and customer service. 

 We  serve our business and individual customers on a global basis — from the
largest multinational corporations   to
local   businesses and individuals. Our clients benefit from our substantial
underwriting expertise. 

 Our challenges include:  

 •     
 long-tail Commercial Lines
exposures that create added challenges to pricing and risk management; 

 •     
 over capacity in certain lines of
business that creates downward market pressure on pricing;  

 •     
 tort environment volatility in
certain jurisdictions and lines of business; and 

 •     
 volatility in claims arising from
natural and man-made catastrophes. 

 

 OUTLOOK—INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

 


 Below is a discussion of the industry and economic factors
impacting our operating segments: 

 

 General Insurance – North America 

 


 Commercial
Lines continues to face challenging market conditions, with excess capacity
negatively impacting the rate environment and suppressing margins. 
However, we continue to achieve positive rate increases across a number of
lines and sub-segments as a result of our disciplined underwriting strategy and
focus on risk selection.  We continue to observe higher loss cost trends
in Casualty, in particular Excess Casualty. We anticipate a positive impact on
market pricing for Property following recent catastrophe activity, and observed
progressive rate improvements throughout the fourth quarter of 2017. The more
profitable segments of Commercial Lines remain highly competitive; however, we
continue to achieve growth in several of our high margin businesses.  

 Personal
Insurance growth prospects are supported by the need for full life cycle
products and coverage, increases in personal wealth accumulation, and awareness
of insurance protection and risk management. We compete in the high net worth
market, accident and health insurance, travel insurance, and warranty services
and will continue to expand our innovative products and services to
distribution partners and clients.  

 

 General Insurance – International 

 


 We believe our
global presence provides Commercial Lines and Personal Insurance a distinct
competitive advantage, as the demand for multinational cross-border coverage
and services increase due to the internationalization of customers. 

 The Commercial
Lines market continues to be highly competitive, with increased pressure on
rates, particularly in Europe and the Asia Pacific region, due to increased
market capacity.  Despite this, we are continuing to grow our most
profitable segments across all regions and are maintaining market leadership in
key developed markets. We are actively remediating our underperforming
segments, maintaining our underwriting discipline and continuing our risk
selection strategy to maintain profitability. 

 Personal Insurance focuses on individual customers, as
well as group and corporate clients. Although market competition within
Personal Insurance has increased, we continue to benefit from the underwriting
quality, portfolio diversity, and low volatility of the short-tailed risk in the
business.  We expect our newly formed entity in Japan – AIG Sonpo – to provide
the necessary scale and platform to compete more efficiently in the Japanese
market.  Outside of Japan, Personal Insurance continues to invest selectively
in international markets, which we believe have higher potential for
sustainable profitability. 

   

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            71 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 General
insurance RESULTS 

 


 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,438 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,277) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,765 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,388 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,081 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,400 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,605) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,118) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (813) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,051) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Loss ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   84.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   74.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   20.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
   14.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   117.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   118.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   110.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development, net of (additional) return premium on
  loss sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustment for ceded premiums under reinsurance contracts
  related to prior accident years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   61.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   96.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Consistent
with our definition of APTI, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion
of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have
ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in
amortization of the deferred gain. 

 The following table presents General Insurance net premiums
written by operating segment, showing change on both reported and constant
dollar basis: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total net premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,438 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 




 


 

 72                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 The following
tables present General Insurance accident year catastrophes and severe losses
by geography (a)  and number of events: 

 Catastrophes (b) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   # of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,387 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   572 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   891 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,163 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   161 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   917 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   409 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   149 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   527 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   504 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   222 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   726 
   
  
 



 (a)
Geography:  North America primarily includes
insurance businesses in the United States, Canada and Bermuda. International
includes insurance businesses in Japan, the United Kingdom, Europe, the Asia
Pacific region, Latin America, Puerto Rico, Australia, the Middle East and
Africa. Geography results are presented before consideration of internal
reinsurance agreements.     

 (b) Natural and
man-made catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a
net impact on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain
man-made events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10
million threshold. 

 (c) Flooding events reported in 2017 are a
subset of windstorm events. 

 Severe Losses (d) 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   # of 
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2017 (e)  
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   203 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   273 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   476 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   433 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   464 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   711 
   
  
 



 (d)  Severe losses
are defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses, surety losses and
trade credit losses greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and
salvage and subrogation. 

 (e) The amount
presented for 2017 is net of $121 million of recoveries, $65 million in North
America and $56 million in International, under an aggregate reinsurance
contract.  Eligible incurred losses under this agreement exceeded the applicable
aggregate attachment point in the fourth quarter of 2017. There were no
aggregate recoveries included in the amounts presented or 2016 and 2015. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            73 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 North America
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 vs.
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   938 
   
  
     
   
  
   (580) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,455 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,964 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,647 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   718 
   
  
     
   
  
   880 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,440) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,638) 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,399) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Loss ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   112.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   89.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   129.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   139.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   117.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development, net of (additional) return premium on
  loss sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustment for ceded premiums under reinsurance contracts
  related to prior accident years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   67.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   96.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   94.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   93.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a) Consistent with our definition of
APTI, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion of favorable or
unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk
under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization of
the deferred gain. 

 Business and Financial
Highlights 

 The   adjusted  
 pre-tax loss decreased in 2017 primarily due to significantly lower
unfavorable prior year loss reserve development. This decrease in adjusted
pre-tax loss was partially offset by higher severe losses and higher
catastrophe losses due to hurricanes
Harvey, Irma and Maria, and the California wildfires during the second half of
2017. Net premiums written decreased
primarily due to continued underwriting actions to strengthen our portfolio and
increased rate pressure.  

 The increase
in net investment income was driven by higher income on alternative investments
and gains on securities where we elected the fair value option partially offset
by lower interest and dividends due to lower invested assets resulting from the
first quarter 2017 funding of the adverse development reinsurance agreement
with NICO. 

 For
further discussion on the NICO transaction see MD&A – Insurance Reserves. 

   


 


 

 74                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   North America Adjusted Pre-Tax
  Loss 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Adjusted pre-tax loss decreased primarily due to:  
   •       lower
  unfavorable prior year loss reserve development (decrease by $4.9 billion);  
   •       lower
  acquisition expenses driven by lower production, the impact of the
  reinsurance agreement with Swiss Re Group, and lower insurance taxes,
  licenses and fees;  
   •       lower
  general operating expenses driven by lower employee-related expenses and
  other expense reduction initiatives; and  
   •       higher
  net investment income reflecting higher income on alternative investments and
  gains on securities where we elected the fair value option partially offset
  by lower interest and dividends due to lower invested assets resulting from
  the first quarter 2017 funding of the adverse development reinsurance
  agreement with NICO.  
   This decrease
  was partially offset by: 
   •       higher
  severe losses; and  
   •       higher
  catastrophe losses primarily driven by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and
  the California wildfires. 
     
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   North America Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Adjusted pre-tax loss in 2016 compared to adjusted
  pre-tax income in 2015 was primarily due to: 
   •       higher
  unfavorable prior year loss reserve development (increase by $2.2 billion); 
   •       higher
  current accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Casualty and programs
  business, partially offset by lower severe losses; 
   •       higher
  catastrophe losses; and 
   •       lower
  net investment income reflecting lower income on alternative investments and
  lower interest and dividends on invested assets. 
   These were partially offset by: 
   •       lower
  acquisition expenses primarily due to reduced production and the ceding
  commissions related to the reinsurance arrangement with Swiss Re Group; and 
   •       lower
  general operating expenses primarily due to lower employee-related expenses
  and other expense reduction initiatives. 
     
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            75 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   North America Net Premiums
  Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased primarily due to: 
   •       lower
  production primarily in Casualty, commercial property within Property,
  D&O products within Financial Lines and programs business due to
  continued underwriting actions to strengthen our portfolio and to maintain
  pricing discipline; and  
   •     
   higher ceded premiums related to the additional layer of
  coverage added to the North American catastrophe reinsurance cover for 2017.  
   This decrease was partially offset by:  
   •       the
  growth of PCG business within Personal Lines and travel insurance within
  Accident and Health;  
   •       recognition
  of ceded return premiums on our excess of loss reinsurance covers; and  
   •     
   lower ceded premiums related to the reinsurance arrangement
  with the Swiss Re Group partially offset by lower assumed premium from the
  quota share reinsurance agreement with United Guaranty. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   North America Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased primarily due to: 
   •     
   decreased production in Casualty
  reflecting continued underwriting actions to strengthen our portfolio by
  either exiting or revising rates and terms and conditions in certain
  underperforming products; 
   •     
   increased rate pressure,
  significant competition and challenging market conditions in Property and
  Special Risks combined with continued adherence to our underwriting
  discipline;  
   •     
   the effect of the reinsurance
  arrangement with the Swiss Re Group partially offset by the effect of the reinsurance
  agreement with United Guaranty; and 
   •     
   the renewal of a large multi-year
  E&O policy in 2015. 
   This decrease was partially offset by growth in PCG
  business.    
     
   
  
 



   


 


 

 76                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   North America Combined
  Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   The decrease in the combined ratio reflected a
  decrease in the loss ratio slightly offset by an increase in the expense
  ratio.  
   
  The decrease in the loss ratio was primarily due to lower prior year
  unfavorable development. Prior year reserve development is net of the losses
  ceded under the NICO reinsurance agreement as well as the amortization of the
  related deferred gain.   
   
  This decrease in the loss ratio was partially offset by:  
   •       higher
  catastrophe losses primarily driven by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, and
  the California wildfires; and  
   •       slightly
  elevated current accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, driven primarily by higher
  severe losses and an increase in loss estimates in Casualty and Financial Lines
  reflecting the result of 2017 detailed valuation reviews, partially offset by
  lower current accident year losses in Personal Insurance. 
   The increase in the expense ratio was primarily
  due to a higher general operating expense ratio primarily driven by a
  decrease in net premiums earned reflecting portfolio optimization, which more
  than offset expense reductions. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   North America Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   The increase in the combined ratio reflected an increase
  in the loss ratio slightly offset by a decrease in the expense ratio.  
   The increase in the loss ratio was  primarily  due to: 
   •     
    higher
  prior year unfavorable loss reserve development impacted by unfavorable loss
  emergence in worker’s compensation and other casualty; 
   •     
    higher
  catastrophe losses; and 
   •     
    higher current
  accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Casualty and programs business
  within Property driven by an increase in loss estimates as a result of 2016
  year-end detailed reserves valuation reviews, offset slightly by lower severe
  losses. 
   The decrease in the expense ratio reflected  lower  acquisition
  expense ratio driven primarily by higher commission income from the
  reinsurance agreement with Swiss Re Group. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            77 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 
 International
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   (697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,620 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   903 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
     
   
  
   550 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   397 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
  
   
   Loss ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
   15.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   107.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   103.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development, net of (additional) return premium on
  loss sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjustment for ceded premiums under reinsurance contracts related
  to prior accident years 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)            Consistent with our
definition of APTI, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion of
favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded
the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in
amortization of the deferred gain. 

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 The adjusted
pre-tax loss in 2017 resulted primarily from higher unfavorable prior year loss
reserve development and higher catastrophe losses mainly driven by hurricanes
Maria, Harvey and Irma. These were partially offset by lower general operating
expenses driven by lower employee-related expenses and other expense reduction
initiatives. Net premiums written decreased primarily due to the sale of our
interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Limited and Ascot Employees Corporate
Member Limited (Ascot) and certain of our insurance operations to Fairfax, and
lower production in Japan.  

    

   


 


 

 78                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   International Adjusted
  Pre-Tax Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   Adjusted
  pre-tax loss in 2017 compared to adjusted pre-tax income in 2016 was
  primarily due to:  
   •       higher
  catastrophe losses primarily driven by hurricanes Maria, Harvey and Irma;  
   •       higher
  prior year unfavorable loss reserve development impacted by unfavorable loss
  emergence in Europe Casualty and Property; and 
   •       higher
  current accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Europe Casualty, partially
  offset by improvements in our Europe and Japan Personal Insurance businesses. 
   These were
  partially offset by lower general operating expenses driven by lower
  employee-related expenses and other expense reduction initiatives. 
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   International Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Adjusted pre-tax income increased due to lower general
  operating expenses primarily due to lower employee-related expenses and other
  expense reduction initiatives, as well as lower acquisition costs reflecting
  strategic actions to refocus direct marketing activities.  
   This increase was partially offset by higher catastrophe
  losses and higher current accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Europe
  Casualty and Property.      
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            79 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   International Net Premiums
  Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased, excluding the
  impact of foreign exchange,  primarily due to: 
   •       the
  sale of our interest in the Ascot business and certain of our insurance
  operations to  Fairfax; and 
   •     
   lower production in our Japan
  business reflecting our focus on profitability combined with a competitive
  market environment. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   International Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased, excluding the impact of
  foreign exchange,  primarily due to: 
   •       lower
  production mainly in Casualty due to continued underwriting actions to
  strengthen our portfolio and to maintain pricing discipline; and 
   •       lower
  production in personal property primarily due to the impact of a duration
  restriction on long-term fire insurance put in place in the fourth quarter of
  2015 in Japan. 
   
  
 



   

   


 


 

 80                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  General Insurance   

   


 

 
  
   
   International Combined
  Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   The increase in the combined ratio reflected a higher loss
  ratio partially offset by a decrease in the expense ratio.  
   The higher loss
  ratio reflected: 
   •     
   higher catastrophe losses
  primarily driven by hurricanes Maria, Harvey and Irma;  
   •     
    higher prior year unfavorable loss reserve development impacted
  by unfavorable loss emergence in Europe Casualty and Property; and  
   •        higher
  current accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Europe Casualty driven by
  an increase in loss estimates as a result of 2017 year-end detailed reserve
  valuation reviews slightly offset by lower severe losses and improved current
  accident year performance in Europe and Japan Personal Insurance. 
   The decrease in the
  expense ratio was primarily due to: 
   •        a lower
  general operating expense ratio driven by lower employee-related expenses and
  other expense reduction initiatives, and  
   •        a lower
  acquisition ratio driven by the sale of our interest in the Ascot business.  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   International Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   The decrease in the combined ratio reflected a lower
  expense ratio partially offset by an increase in the loss ratio. 
   The lower expense ratio reflected a decrease in the
  general operating expense ratio due to lower employee-related expenses and
  other expense reduction initiatives.  
   The increase in the loss ratio was primarily
  due to:  
   •     
    a higher
  current accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in Europe Casualty and Property
  driven by an increase in loss estimates as a result of 2016 year-end detailed
  reserve valuation reviews partially offset by severe losses; and 
   •     
    higher
  catastrophe losses. 
     
   
  
 










 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            81 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
              

 
  
   
   Life and
  Retirement 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Variable
  Annuities:   Products include
  variable annuities that offer a combination of growth potential, death
  benefit features and income protection features.  Variable annuities are
  distributed primarily through banks, wirehouses, and regional and independent
  broker-dealers. 
   Index Annuities:   Products include fixed index annuities that
  provide growth potential based in part on the performance of a market index.
  Certain fixed index annuity products offer optional income protection
  features. Fixed index annuities are distributed primarily through banks,
  broker dealers, independent marketing organizations and independent insurance
  agents. 
   Fixed Annuities:   Products include single premium fixed annuities,
  immediate annuities and deferred income annuities. The Fixed Annuities
  product line maintains its industry-leading position in the U.S. bank
  distribution channel by designing products collaboratively with banks and
  offering an efficient and flexible administration platform. 
   Retail Mutual Funds:   Includes our mutual fund sales and related
  administration and servicing operations. Retail Mutual Funds are distributed primarily
  through broker-dealers. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Group
  Retirement:   Products    and services   include group   mutual
  funds,   group fixed   annuities,    group variable annuities, individual annuity and investment
  products, and financial planning and  advisory  
  services. 
   Products and services are marketed by the Variable Annuity
  Life Insurance Company (VALIC) under the VALIC brand and include investment
  offerings and plan administrative and compliance services. VALIC career
  financial advisors and independent financial advisors provide retirement plan
  participants with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning
  services. 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Life Insurance:  In
  the U.S., products primarily include term life and universal life insurance.
  International operations include the distribution of life and health products
  in the UK and Ireland.  Life products in the U.S. are primarily distributed
  through independent marketing organizations, independent insurance agents,
  financial advisors and direct marketing. 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Institutional
  Markets:  Products primarily include stable value wrap products,
  structured settlement and pension risk transfer annuities, corporate- and
  bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).
  Institutional Markets products are primarily distributed through specialized
  marketing and consulting firms and structured settlement brokers. 
   
  
 



 


 

 82                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 Deliver client-centric
solutions through our unique franchise  by bringing together a broad
portfolio of life insurance, retirement and institutional products offered
through an extensive, multichannel distribution network. Life and Retirement
focuses on ease of doing business, offering valuable solutions, and expanding
and deepening its distribution relationships across multiple channels. 

 Position market leading
businesses to serve growing needs  by continually enhancing product
solutions, service delivery and digital capabilities while using data and
analytics in an innovative manner to improve customer experience.    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Individual Retirement   will    continue    to    capitalize    on    the opportunity   to    meet    consumer    demand    for    guaranteed    income  
   by    maintaining    innovative    variable    and    index  
   annuity    products ,    while    also    managing    risk    from guarantee   features    through    risk-mitigating    product    design  and    well-developed    economic    hedging    capabilities.  
   O ur    fixed
   annuity products   provide    diversity    in    our    annuity  
   product    suite    by    of fering    stable    returns    for    retirement    savings.  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group Retirement   continues    to    enhance  
   its    technology  platform  to    improve  
  the   customer   experience  for   plan   sponsors    and    individual    participants.    VALIC’s    self-service tools paired with its
  career financial advisors  provide  a    compelling    service    platform. Group Retirement’s strategy also
  involves providing financial planning services for its clients and meeting
  their demand for income in retirement. 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Life Insurance  continues    to    invest  to    position    itself  for    growth,    while executing   on  strategies    to    enhance  
  returns.  
   Life Insurance is focused on rationalizing   its product portfolio, aligning
  distribution with its   most    productive    channels, consolidating   systems    to    state-of-the-art
  platforms, and employing innovative underwriting enhancements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Institutional Markets  continues
  to grow its assets under management across multiple product lines, including
  stable value wrap, GICs and pensions risk transfer business. Our growth
  strategy is opportunistic and allows us to pursue select transactions that
  meet our risk-adjusted return requirements.  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Enhance Operational
Effectiveness  by simplifying   processes and operating environments  to    increase
 competitiveness,    improve  
 service    and    product  
capabilities  and  facilitate   delivery   of    our  target    customer  
experience.   W e   continue   to   invest  in
technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing business for our
distribution partners and customers. In the U.S. Life business, we are focused
on leveraging our most efficient systems and increasing automation of our
underwriting process.  We   believe that
simplifying our operating models will enhance productivity and support further
profitable growth. 

 Manage our Balance Sheet  through
a rigorous approach to our products and portfolio. We match our product design
and high quality investments with our asset and liability exposures to maximize
our ability to meet cash and liquidity needs under various operating scenarios. 

 Deliver Value Creation and Manage
Capital  by striving to deliver   solid    earnings through   disciplined pricing, sustainable   underwriting    improvements,
expense reductions, and diversification of risk, while optimizing capital
allocation and efficiency within insurance entities   to    enhance   return on equity .  

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            83 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 COMPETITION
and challenges 

 


 Life and Retirement operates in the highly competitive
insurance and financial services industry in the U.S. and select international
markets, competing against various financial services companies, including
mutual funds, banks  and    other    life
insurance  companies.   Competition    is    primarily    based    on  
 product    pricing    and    design,  
 distribution, financial strength, customer service and ease of doing
business. 

 Our business  remains
competitive due to  its    long-standing   market  leading    positions,  
 innovative    products,    distribution    relationships across multiple channels,
customer-focused service and strong financial ratings. 

 Our primary challenges include:  

 •       a
sustained low interest rate environment, which makes it difficult to profitably
price new products and puts margin pressure on existing business due to lower
reinvestment yields; 

 •       increased
competition in our primary markets, including aggressive pricing of annuities
by private equity-backed annuity writers, increased competition and consolidation
of employer groups in the group retirement planning market, and peers with
lower profitability targets in the pension funding space; 

 •       increasingly
complex new and proposed regulatory requirements, which have created
uncertainty that is affecting industry growth; and 

 •       investments
to upgrade our technology and underwriting processes challenge our management
of general operating expenses. 

 

 OUTLOOK—INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

 


 Below is a
discussion of the industry and economic factors impacting our specific operating
segments: 

 

 Individual Retirement 

 


 Increasing life expectancy and reduced expectations for
traditional retirement income from defined benefit programs and fixed income
securities are leading   Americans to
seek additional financial security as they approach retirement.   The strong demand for individual variable
and fixed index annuities with guaranteed income features has attracted
increased competition   in   this 
product  space.   In    response  
 to    the    continued   low   interest   rate  environment,   which    has    added
pressure  to   profit margins, we
have developed guaranteed income benefits for both variable and fixed index
annuities with margins that  are less  sensitive    to    the    level
of interest  rates.  

 Changes in the interest rate environment can have a significant
impact on sales, surrender rates, investment returns, guaranteed income
features, and spreads in the annuity industry.  

 Individual Retirement provides products and services that
are subject to the requirements of the DOL Fiduciary Rule.   

 

 Group Retirement 

 


 Group Retirement competes in the defined contribution
market under the  VALIC   brand.   VALIC   is a leading   retirement    plan provider in  the   U.S.  for  
 K-12    schools   and  school    districts, higher   education, healthcare, government and   other not-for-profit institutions.   The defined contribution market is a
highly efficient and competitive market that requires support   for  
both   plan   sponsors  and individual   participants.    T o    meet    this    challenge,    VALIC   is   investing  
 in  a    client-focused    technology    platform  
to   support   improved  compliance   and 
self-service  functionality.   VALIC’s  
service   model   pairs  self-service    tools
with its career financial advisors who provide individual plan participants
with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning services.  

 Changes in the interest rate environment can have a
significant impact on investment returns, guaranteed income features, and
spreads, and a moderate impact on sales and surrender rates.  

 Group Retirement provides
products and services that are subject to the requirements of the DOL Fiduciary
Rule.  

 

 Life Insurance 

 


 Consumers have a significant need for life insurance,
whether it is used for income replacement for their surviving family, estate
planning or wealth transfer. Additionally, consumers use life insurance to
provide living benefits in case of chronic, critical or terminal illnesses, as
well as to supplement retirement income.    


 


 

 84                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 In response to consumer needs and
a sustained low interest rate environment, our Life Insurance product portfolio
has been evolving. We will continue to place a strong focus on indexed
universal life products and de-emphasize products with long-duration interest
rate guarantees.  

 As life insurance ownership remains at historical lows in
the United States, efforts to expand the reach and increase the affordability
of life insurance are critical. The industry is investing in consumer-centric
efforts to reduce traditional barriers to securing life protection by
simplifying the sales and service experience. Digitally enabled processes and
tools provide a fast, friendly and simple path to life insurance protection .  

 

 Institutional Markets 

 


 Institutional Markets serves a variety of needs for
corporate clients. Demand is driven by a number of factors including the
macroeconomic and regulatory environment. We expect to see continued growth in
the pension risk transfer market as corporate plan sponsors look to transfer
asset or liability, longevity, administrative and operational risks associated
with their defined benefit plans.  

 Changes in interest rate environment can have significant
impact on investment returns and net investment spread, as well as reduce the
tax efficiency associated with institutional life insurance products, dampening
organic growth opportunities. Tax reform may lead to new opportunities in the
stable value wrap market.   

 

   

 


 For additional discussion of the impact of market
interest rate movement on our Life and Retirement business see Executive
Summary – AIG’s Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors – Impact of Changes in
the Interest Rate Environment.  

 For additional information on the impact of the DOL
Fiduciary Rule on our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement businesses see
Executive Summary – AIG’s Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors – Department
of Labor Fiduciary Rule and Related Regulatory Developments. 

 

 LIFE AND RETIREMENT RESULTS 

 


 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,046 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,590 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   926 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total adjusted revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,778 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   613 
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
general operating expenses, non-deferrable commissions, other acquisition
expenses, advisory fee expenses and other expenses.  

 Our
insurance companies generate significant revenues from investment activities.
As a result, the operating segments in Life and Retirement are subject to
variances in net investment income on the asset portfolios that support
insurance liabilities and surplus.  

 For additional
information on our investment strategy, asset-liability management process and
invested asset composition see Investments. 

 Life and
Retirement reviews and updates estimated gross profit assumptions used to
amortize DAC and related items for investment-oriented products, as well as
other actuarial assumptions, at least annually. As a result, the adjusted pre-tax
income of Life and Retirement included adjustments to policy fees, policyholder
benefits, interest credited and DAC amortization to reflect such assumption
updates, which may be significant.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            85 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 For the amount of adjustments recorded to reflect such
assumption updates by product line and financial statement line item and for
related discussion of the assumption changes that resulted in these adjustments
see Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Update of
Actuarial Assumptions.  

 Individual Retirement Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   767 
   
  
     
   
  
   709 
   
  
     
   
  
   670 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   643 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,838 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities base net investment spread: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Base yield 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.80 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.90 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.96 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.74 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities base net investment spread 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.15 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.16 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.18 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 The market environment reflected continued
uncertainty about the DOL Fiduciary Rule and interest rates, which remained low
relative to historical levels. As a result, deposits were lower in 2017 compared
to 2016 and 2015. In 2017, net investment income included higher gains on
securities for which the fair value option was elected and higher returns from
alternative investments, partially offset by a reduction in the overall size of
the hedge fund portfolio. In 2016 and 2015, net investment income included the
impact of volatility from alternative investments, commercial mortgage loan
prepayments and fair value option assets. Adjusted pre-tax income also included
adjustments in each year to update actuarial assumptions, which were net
positive adjustments for all years presented. The sale of AIG Advisor Group in
May 2016 resulted in decreases in advisory fee income, advisory fee expenses
and general operating expenses in 2017 compared to 2016 and 2015, but did not
result in a significant decrease in adjusted pre-tax income. 

 Fixed Annuities base net investment spread
decreased slightly in 2017 compared to 2016 and 2015, primarily due to lower
reinvestment yields partially mitigated by disciplined pricing and active
crediting rate management. 


 


 

 86                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement
  Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   Adjusted
  pre-tax income increased primarily due to: 
   •     
   net investment income, which included higher gains on
  securities for which the fair value option was elected and higher returns on
  alternative investments, partially offset by a reduction in the overall size
  of the hedge fund portfolio; 
   •     
   higher base net investment spread primarily in Variable and
  Index Annuities driven by growth in invested assets, and disciplined pricing
  and active crediting rate management; and 
   •     
   higher policy fees due to growth in annuity account values
  driven by improved equity market performance. 
   Partially
  offsetting these increases were: 
   •     
   lower net positive adjustment from the review and update of
  actuarial assumptions which was $242 million in 2017 compared to $369 million
  in 2016; 
   •     
   increases in reserves primarily due to additional reserves for
  guaranteed benefits in 2017 compared to a reduction in 2016; 
   •     
   excluding the impact of actuarial assumption updates, higher
  DAC amortization due to system conversions and model refinements, partially
  offset by a decrease driven by improved equity market performance; 
   •     
   higher commission expense primarily due to growth in account values
  driven by improved equity market performance and the allocation of
  reinsurance risk charges, as all U.S. Life and Retirement segments benefited
  from the reduction in the required statutory capital resulting from a
  reinsurance agreement entered into in 2016 involving certain whole life, term
  life and universal life businesses (Life Insurance Reinsurance Transactions);
  and 
   •     
   the sale of AIG Advisor Group in May 2016, which drove the
  decreases in advisory fee income, advisory expenses and general operating
  expenses, and resulted in a net $13 million decrease in adjusted pre-tax
  income.  
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement
  Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax income increased primarily
  due to: 
   •       a
  higher net positive adjustment from the review and update of actuarial
  assumptions, which was $369 million in 2016 compared to $92 million in 2015; 
   •       higher
  net investment income reflecting higher commercial mortgage loan prepayments,
  growth in average invested assets and higher gains on securities for which
  the fair value option was elected, partially offset by lower income on
  alternative investments; 
   •       better
  equity market performance contributed to decreases in policyholder benefit
  expense and DAC amortization. Excluding the impact of actuarial assumption
  updates and equity market performance, DAC amortization increased primarily
  due to higher rate of amortization in Fixed Annuities and growth in Index
  Annuities; 
   •       higher
  policy fees due to growth in annuity account values from positive net flows;
  and 
   •       lower
  general operating expenses due to decreases in employee-related expenses 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            87 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Individual Retirement
GAAP Premiums, Premiums and Deposits, Surrenders and Net Flows 

 For
Individual Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on life-contingent
payout annuities. Premiums decreased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to
strong annuity sales in 2016 driven by higher equity market volatility, which
made immediate annuities more attractive to customers seeking less volatile
returns. Premiums increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to higher
rates in the first half of 2016.  

 Premiums
and deposits  is a non‑GAAP financial
measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds under
administration .    

 Net
flows for annuity products in Individual Retirement represent premiums and
deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for
mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Individual
Retirement GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,238 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,906 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,062 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,376 
   
  
 



 The following table presents surrenders as a percentage of average
reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders as a
  percentage of average reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   6.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Index Annuities 
   
  
   6.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 The following table  presents
reserves for Fixed Annuities and Variable and Index Annuities by surrender
charge category : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Index 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Index 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   No surrender charge 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,299 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,896 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,674 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,338 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,045 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   857 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,558 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,470 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,221 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,741 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,329 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,677 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,599 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,966 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,557 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,517 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,957 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,983 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Individual Retirement annuities are typically subject to a
four- to seven-year surrender charge period, depending on the product. For
Variable and Index Annuities, the proportion of reserves subject to surrender
charges at December 31, 2017 has decreased compared to December 31, 2016 due to
normal aging of the business and slower sales, which were due in part to
uncertainty around the implementation of the DOL Fiduciary Rule. The increase
in reserves with no surrender charge contributed to the increase in the
surrender rate for variable and index annuities in 2017 compared to 2016. 


 


 

 88                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 A  discussion  of the significant variances in premiums and deposits and net
flows for each product line follows: 

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement Premiums and Deposits (P&D)
  and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   •       Fixed Annuities  premiums and deposits decreased, primarily due to disciplined
  pricing in the continued low interest rate environment and strong sales in
  2016 driven by higher equity market volatility, which made fixed annuities
  more attractive to customers seeking less volatile returns. Although premiums
  and deposits were lower compared to 2016, annuity sales in the second half of
  2017 improved compared to the same period in 2016. Net flows declined and
  continued to be negative reflecting lower premiums and deposits, partially
  offset by lower surrenders. 
   •       Variable and Index Annuities  premiums and deposits and
  net flows declined, reflecting a continued decrease in variable annuity
  industry sales due in part to uncertainty around the implementation of the
  DOL Fiduciary Rule, partially offset by slightly higher index annuity sales.
  Lower premiums and deposits combined with higher surrenders resulted in a
  decrease in net flows. 
   •       Retail Mutual Funds  had negative net flows compared to
  positive net flows in 2016, reflecting lower deposits and higher withdrawals due
  to negative industry trends in U.S. equity actively managed funds and
  uncertainty surrounding the DOL Fiduciary Rule.    
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement Premiums
  and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison  
   •     
    Fixed Annuities    deposits increased primarily
  due to higher sales in the bank and broker-dealer distribution channels as a
  result of customers favoring the safety of fixed annuities in response to
  equity market volatility. Net flows were negative, but improved compared to
  2015 due to higher sales. 
   •     
    Variable and Index Annuities  net flows were significantly
  lower due to a decrease in premiums and deposits, primarily due to lower
  sales of variable  annuities, which reflected  a strategic decision to scale back living benefits during the
  period of very low interest rates, as well as  an industry-wide slowdown  and uncertainty around the
  effect of the DOL Fiduciary Rule. 
   •       Retail Mutual Funds    net flows increased due to
  improvement in the level of deposits, which was partially offset by higher
  withdrawals, both driven by activity within the Focused Dividend Strategy
  Portfolio fund. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            89 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Group Retirement Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and
  losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance
  commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Base net investment
  spread: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Base yield 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.53 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.71 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.91 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.76 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.95 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Base net investment
  spread 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.82 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.96 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   bps 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Group Retirement premiums remained flat and premiums
and deposits decreased slightly in 2017 compared to 2016 and increased in 2016
compared to 2015. Net flows in 2017 declined and continued to be negative
primarily due to higher surrenders reflecting continued pressure from the
consolidation of healthcare providers and other employers in our target
markets. Net flows in 2016 showed significant improvement compared to 2015
primarily due to lower surrenders as well as record sales, resulting in part
from investment in talent, group plan administration record-keeping capabilities
and digital functionality. Higher deposits from group acquisitions in 2017 and
2016 partially mitigated the negative impact of surrenders to net flows and of
lower index annuity sales in 2017. 

 Low base net investment yields continued to
pressure investment spreads, partially mitigated by crediting rate management.
In 2017, net investment income included higher gains on securities for which
the fair value option was elected and higher returns from alternative
investments, partially offset by a reduction in the overall size of the hedge
fund portfolio. In 2016 and 2015, net investment income included the impact of volatility
from alternative investments, fair value option assets and commercial mortgage
loan prepayments. Adjusted pre-tax income also included adjustments in each
year to update actuarial assumptions, which were net positive adjustments in
2017 and 2015 compared to a net negative adjustment in 2016. 


 


 

 90                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Adjusted
  Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016 Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax income increased
  primarily due to: 
   •     
    a net
  positive adjustment from the review and update of actuarial assumptions which
  was $13 million in 2017 compared to a $47 million net negative adjustment in
  2016; 
   •        net investment income, which
  included higher gains on securities for which the fair value option was
  elected and higher returns on alternative investments, partially offset by a
  reduction in the overall size of the hedge fund portfolio;  
   •     
    higher
  policy fees and advisory fees, net of expenses, due to growth in account
  values driven by improved equity market performance; and 
   •        lower general operating
  expenses primarily due to reduced legal expenses, partially offset by higher
  spending for implementation of the DOL Fiduciary Rule . 
   Partially offsetting these
  increases were: 
   •        higher policyholder benefits
  primarily due to increases in reserves for guaranteed benefits; 
   •        lower base net investment
  spread primarily due to lower reinvestment yields, partially mitigated by
  effective crediting rate management; and  
   •        higher commission expense
  primarily due to the allocation of reinsurance risk charges from Life
  Insurance Reinsurance Transactions. 
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax income decreased primarily due
  to: 
   •       a
  net negative adjustment from the review and update of actuarial assumptions,
  which was $47 million in 2016 compared to a $48 million net positive
  adjustment in 2015; 
   •       lower
  net investment income on alternative investments and lower base spreads primarily
  due to lower investment returns, partially offset by higher commercial
  mortgage loan prepayments and gains on securities for which the fair value
  option was elected; and 
   •       lower
  policy fees primarily due to a decrease in separate account assets driven by
  negative net flows.  
   These
  decreases were partially offset by lower general operating expenses due to
  reductions in employee-related expenses. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            91 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Group Retirement
GAAP Premiums, Premiums and Deposits, Surrenders and Net Flows 

 For
Group Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on life-contingent
payout annuities. Premiums in 2017 were comparable to 2016. Premiums increased
in 2016 compared to 2015, as customers continued to invest in immediate
annuities due to equity market volatility .  

 Premiums
and deposits  is a non‑GAAP financial
measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds under
administration .    

 Net
flows for annuity products included in Group Retirement represent premiums and
deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for
mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals .  

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Group Retirement
GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,899 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,550 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
 



 The following table presents Group Retirement surrenders as a percentage
of average reserves and mutual funds under administration: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders as a percentage of
  average reserves and mutual funds 
   
  
   8.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   10.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 The following table presents reserves for Group Retirement annuities
by surrender charge category: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
 
   
   No surrender charge (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,006 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,160 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,344 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,395 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,270 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,434 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
   439 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,312 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Excludes
mutual fund assets under administration of $20.2 billion and $16.3 billion
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 (b)  Group
Retirement amounts in this category include reserves of approximately $6.3
billion, at both December 31, 2017 and 2016, which are subject to 20 percent
annual withdrawal limitations. 

 Group
Retirement annuities are typically subject to a five- to seven-year surrender
charge period, depending on the product. The increase in the amount and
proportion of Group Retirement annuity reserves that have no surrender charge
at December 31, 2017 compared to December 31, 2016 was primarily due to normal
aging of this book of business, withdrawal limitations on certain plan assets
and lower than expected surrenders of older contracts with higher minimum
interest rates on fixed account balances that have continued to be attractive
to the contract holders in the low interest rate environment. 


 


 

 92                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 A discussion of the significant variances in
premiums and deposits and net flows follows: 

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016
  Comparison  
   Net flows declined and continued to be negative primarily due to
  surrenders, including group plan surrenders of approximately $460 million. In
  addition, premiums and deposits decreased slightly primarily due to lower
  index annuity sales, partially offset by significantly higher deposits from
  group plan acquisitions. 
     
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Net flows improved significantly due to both record deposits and
  improved surrender activity, which included group plan surrenders of
  approximately $631 million in 2016 compared to $1.5 billion in 2015. The
  group plan market has been impacted by the consolidation of healthcare
  providers and other employers in target markets, but group plan acquisitions
  improved, due in part to investments in talent, group plan administration
  record-keeping capabilities and digital functionality. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            93 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Life Insurance
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,311 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,379 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Individual life premiums and deposits in 2017
reflected higher universal life deposits and term life premiums compared to
2016. Life Insurance is focused on selling profitable new products through
strategic channels to enhance future returns. General operating expenses
decreased in 2017 compared to the prior year, primarily due to the strategic
decision to refocus the group benefits business. Adjusted pre-tax income also
included adjustments in each year to update actuarial assumptions, which was a
net positive adjustment in 2017 compared to net negative adjustments in 2016
and 2015. 

 
  
   
   Life Insurance Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016
  Comparison  
   Adjusted
  pre-tax income increased in 2017 compared to a loss in 2016 primarily due to: 
   •     
   a net positive adjustment from the review and update of
  actuarial assumptions, which was $29 million in 2017 compared to a $92
  million net negative adjustment in 2016; 
   •     
   lower commissions and general operating expenses primarily due
  to the strategic decision to refocus the group benefits business, partially
  offset by the allocation of reinsurance risk charges from Life Insurance
  Reinsurance Transactions. In addition, lower general operating expenses in
  2017 reflected the impact of new business reinsurance; 
   •     
   favorable loss experience and a reserve reduction in group
  benefits business; 
   •     
   favorable mortality experience in individual life business; and 
   •     
   excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption updates, lower
  DAC amortization primarily due to lapse assumptions on international life. 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 94                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Life Insurance Adjusted
  Pre-Tax Loss 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Adjusted
  pre-tax loss improved primarily due to: 
   •     
   a lower negative adjustment from the review and update of
  actuarial assumptions, which was $92 million in 2016 compared to $118 million
  in 2015; 
   •     
   improved mortality experience in individual life; and   
   •     
   lower domestic employee-related expenses. 
   These improvements were partially offset by: 
   •     
   lower net investment income on alternative investments, largely
  offset by higher other enhancement income, primarily bond call and tender
  income; 
   •     
   underperforming group benefits results, including reserve
  increases and elevated morbidity experience; 
   •     
   reserve increases in individual life, and individual and group
  benefits products; 
   •     
   higher international general operating expenses, due in part to
  the acquisition in March 2015 of Laya Healthcare, an Irish healthcare distributor
  and administrator; and 
   •     
   increased DAC amortization (excluding adjustments to reflect
  assumption updates). 
   
  
 



 Life Insurance GAAP Premiums and Premiums and Deposits 

 Premiums for
Life Insurance represent amounts received on traditional life insurance policies,
primarily term life, and group benefit policies. Premiums, excluding the effect
of foreign exchange, increased nine percent in both 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016
compared to 2015, primarily due to assumed premiums related to business
distributed by Laya Healthcare and growth in international life and health.
Premiums in 2017 also reflected growth in term life business, partially offset
by lower group benefits premiums. 

 Premiums and
deposits for Life Insurance is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes
direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on universal life
insurance. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Life Insurance
GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,311 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,419 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,451 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,755 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,370 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            95 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 A discussion of the significant
variances in premiums and deposits follows: 

 
  
   
   Life Insurance Premiums and Deposits  
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Premiums and deposits,
  excluding the effect of foreign exchange, grew by seven percent in 2017
  compared to 2016, and increased by five percent in 2016 compared to 2015,
  primarily due to assumed premiums related to business distributed by Laya
  Healthcare and growth in international life and health. Premiums and deposits
  in 2017 also reflected growth in universal life and term life business,
  partially offset by lower group benefits premiums. 
   
  
 



 Institutional markets Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   691 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,584 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   265 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Institutional Markets continued to grow its
assets under management, which drove the continuous increase in net investment
income over the recent years.  


 


 

 96                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 

 
  
   
   Institutional Markets
  Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016
  Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax income was
  comparable to 2016. Increases in premiums and policyholder benefits were
  primarily due to pension risk transfer business written in 2017. Growth in
  reserves and assets under management drove the increase in net investment
  income with similar impact to policyholder benefits. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Institutional Markets Adjusted Pre-Tax Income  
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison 
   Adjusted pre-tax income was comparable to 2015. Decreases in premiums
  and policyholder benefits were primarily due to pension risk transfer
  business written in 2015. Growth in reserves and assets under management
  drove the increase in net investment income with similar impact to
  policyholder benefits.  
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            97 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Life and Retirement   

   


 
 Institutional
markets GAAP Premiums and Premiums and Deposits 

 Premiums for Institutional Markets represent
amounts received on traditional life insurance policies and pension risk
transfer annuities or structured settlements. Premiums increased in 2017
compared to 2016 and declined in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily driven by the
pension risk transfer business written in 2017 and 2015. Partially offsetting
the increase in 2017 was a decrease in structured settlement sales. 

 Premiums and deposits for Institutional Markets
is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes direct premiums as well as
deposits received on universal life insurance and investment-type annuity
contracts, including GICs. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Institutional
Markets GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   691 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,584 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,732 
   
  
 



 A discussion of the significant variances in premiums and deposits
follows: 

 
  
   
   Institutional Markets Premiums and Deposits  
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Premiums and
  deposits increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by higher
  pension risk transfer business, partially offset by lower structured
  settlement sales. In 2016, premiums and deposits increased compared to 2015
  primarily due to higher GIC deposits, partially offset by lower pension risk
  transfer business. 
   
  
 










 


 

 98                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment Operations    |  Other Operations 

   


 
 Other Opera tions 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 The following table presents Other Operations results: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage
  Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) by activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Guaranty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   522 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fuji Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Parent and Other: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (769) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (666) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (411) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (968) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (983) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   289 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Parent and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,448) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,547) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,329) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax loss before eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,011) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (825) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidation, eliminations and other adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax loss 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,330) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (901) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



   

 2017 and 2016 Comparison 

 Adjusted pre-tax
loss increased primarily due to the sale of United Guaranty during the fourth
quarter of 2016.  

 Parent and Other
adjusted pre-tax loss decreased as a result of  gains
on securities where we elected the fair value option , partially offset by higher general operating expenses
related to one time payments for recent executive leadership changes . 

 Fuji Life adjusted
pre-tax results increased primarily as a result of increases in underwriting
income as a result of new products launched during 2016 as well as growth
within existing product lines. Fuji Life was sold on April 30, 2017. 

 2016 and 2015 Comparison 

 Adjusted pre-tax
loss increased primarily due to higher Parent and Other corporate general
operating expenses partially offset by lower interest expense.  Parent and
Other general operating expenses increased in 2016 due to higher technology
costs as a result of our investment in our infrastructure, offset by lower
professional fees and employee related costs, consistent with our strategy to
reduce expenses.  In addition, 2015 included a $175 million pension curtailment
credit.  Parent and Other interest expense decreased primarily as a result of
liability management activities.  

 United Guaranty
adjusted pre-tax income decreased primarily as a result of the 50 percent quota
share reinsurance agreement between United Guaranty and our subsidiaries for
business originated from 2014 to 2016. 

 Fuji Life
adjusted pre-tax income increased primarily as a result of increases in
underwriting and net investment income.  The increase in underwriting income
was primarily as a result of new products launched during 2016. Net investment
income increased primarily as a result of increased investment in bonds.   



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            99 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 
 Legacy Por tfolio 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 Legacy Insurance Lines represent
exited or discontinued product lines, policy forms or distribution channels. 

 Legacy General Insurance
Run-Off Lines  — consists of asbestos and environmental exposures and
other exposures within certain Property and Casualty profit centers no longer
actively marketed, including excess workers’ compensation, environmental
impairment liability, public entity liability, accident & health,
physicians and surgeons professional liability, and various other workers’
compensation and general liability exposures. 

 Legacy Life and Retirement
Run-Off Lines —  include whole life, long-term care and exited accident
& health product lines. Also includes certain structured settlement, pension
risk transfer annuities and single premium immediate annuities written prior to
April 2012. 

 Legacy Investments  —  include investment classes that we have placed into
run-off. 

 

 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 For Legacy Insurance Lines, securing the
interests of our policyholders and insureds is paramount. We have considered
and continue to evaluate the following strategies for these lines: 

 •       Third
party and affiliated reinsurance and retrocessions to improve capital efficiency 

 •       Commutations
of assumed reinsurance and direct policy buy-backs 

 •       Enhance
insured policyholder options and claims resolution strategies 

 •       Enhanced
asset liability management and expense management 

 For Legacy Investments, our business strategy is
to maximize liquidity to AIG Parent and minimize book value impairments while
sourcing for our insurance companies attractive assets for their portfolios. 

 


 

 100                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 
 LEGACY PORTFOLIO RESULTS 

 


 The following table presents Legacy Portfolio results: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  vs. 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   590 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   674 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,037 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   888 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,673 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total adjusted revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and
  losses and loss adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder
  account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   484 
   
  
     
   
  
   502 
   
  
     
   
  
   640 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits and
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income
  by type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance Run-Off Lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (237) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (709) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement Run-Off
  Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   (224) 
   
  
     
   
  
   468 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 In 2017, the Legacy Investment portfolio
executed several transactions with external parties for total consideration of
approximately $2.5 billion, which included sales of our entire life settlements
portfolio with a face value (death benefits) of approximately $9.8 billion,
resulting in a loss on the sale of $139 million and total book value impairments
of $360 million. A significant portion of the consideration received was used
to pay down intercompany loans and notes with affiliated insurance companies.
In addition, the Legacy Investment portfolio returned approximately $3.0
billion of cash proceeds to AIG Parent in 2017, including $191 million from the
sale of an AIG-sponsored fund that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2016.  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            101 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 

 
  
   
   Legacy Portfolio Adjusted
  Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2017 and 2016
  Comparison  
   Adjusted pre-tax
  income increased due to:   
   •     
   increased Legacy Life and Retirement adjusted pre-tax income
  due to the absence of any significant loss recognition on certain payout
  annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions in 2017 compared to 2016.
  Loss recognition from the update to actuarial assumptions in 2017 was $14
  million mainly attributable to the Long-Term Care portfolio; 
   •     
   increased Legacy General Insurance adjusted pre-tax income due
  to the absence of any significant prior year development in 2017 compared to
  2016. 
   This increase was partially offset by decreased
  Legacy Investment adjusted pre-tax income in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by
  the decreased value of the remaining Legacy Investment portfolio post-sales. 
   
  
 



   

   

 
  
   
   Legacy Portfolio Adjusted Pre-Tax Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Adjusted
  pre-tax income remained relatively stable; however, there were fluctuations
  within the portfolios due to: 
   •     
   lower Legacy Life and Retirement earnings in 2016 compared to
  2015 primarily due to lower net investment income on investments and higher
  loss recognition on certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial
  assumptions; 
   •     
   lower Legacy General Insurance adjusted pre-tax loss due to
  lower unfavorable prior year development in 2016 compared to 2015; and 
   •     
   higher Legacy Investment adjusted pre-tax income driven mainly
  by asset sales, partially offset by fair value losses on certain investments. 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 102                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 Overview 

 Our investment strategies are tailored
to the specific business needs of each operating unit. The investment
objectives are driven by the respective operating segments and AIG Parent. The
primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of
capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus to support the insurance
products. The majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities consist of
fixed maturity securities. 

 
  
   
   Investment Highlights in 2017 
   
  
 
   
   •       
   A decrease in interest rates and
  narrowing credit spreads resulted in a net unrealized gain in our investment
  portfolio. Net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio increased
  to approximately $13.9 billion as of December 31, 2017 from approximately
  $9.7 billion as of December 31, 2016. 
   •       
   We continued to make investments
  in structured securities and other fixed maturity securities and increased
  lending activities in mortgage loans with favorable risk versus return
  characteristics to improve yields and increase net investment income. 
   •      During the first quarter of 2017, we funded the
  adverse development reinsurance agreement entered into with NICO. The
  approximate $10.2 billion funding of this agreement was the primary reason
  for the decrease in the invested asset portfolio in 2017. 
   •      During 2017, we reduced our hedge fund portfolio by
  approximately $2.4 billion as a result of redemptions consistent with our
  planned reduction of exposure. Our hedge fund portfolio experienced above
  average returns in 2017 due to higher equity market performance. 
   •      Blended investment yields on new investments were
  lower than blended rates on investments that were sold, matured or called.  
   •      Other-than-temporary impairments decreased due to
  lower impairments in our structured securities and corporate bond portfolios. 
   •       
   During the second quarter of
  2017, we had a partial sale of our investment in Arch Capital Group Ltd.
  (Arch), which we received as part of the consideration for selling United
  Guaranty to Arch in 2016. 
   •       
   We sold the remaining portion of
  our life settlements portfolio in 2017. 
   
  
 



 Investment
Strategies  

 Investment
strategies are based on considerations that include the local and general
market conditions, liability duration and cash flow characteristics, rating
agency and regulatory capital considerations, legal investment limitations, tax
optimization and diversification. 

 Some of our key investment strategies are as follows: 

 •       Fixed
maturity securities held by the U.S. insurance companies included in General
Insurance consist of a mix of instruments that meet our current risk-return,
tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification objectives. 

 •       Outside
of the U.S., fixed maturity securities held by General Insurance companies
consist primarily of high-grade securities generally denominated in the
currencies of the countries in which we operate.  

 •       While
more of a focus is placed on asset-liability management in Life and Retirement
companies, our fundamental strategy across all of our investment portfolios is
to optimize the duration characteristics of the assets within a target range
based on comparable liability characteristics, to the extent practicable.  

 •       AIG
Parent, included in Other Operations, actively manages its assets and
liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. AIG Parent’s
liquidity sources are held primarily in the form of cash, short-term
investments and publicly traded, investment-grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Based upon an assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding
needs, AIG Parent purchases publicly traded, investment-grade rated fixed
maturity securities that can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase
agreements. These securities allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while
reducing the cost of maintaining sufficient liquidity. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            103 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Attribution of Net Investment Income to
Operating Segments 

 Net
investment income is attributed to our businesses based on internal models
consistent with the nature of the underlying businesses. 

 For General
Insurance — North America and International and Legacy General Insurance
Run-Off Lines, we estimate investable funds based primarily on loss reserves
and unearned premiums. The allocation of net investment income of the General
Insurance companies to segments is calculated based on these estimated
investable funds, consistent with the approximate duration of the liabilities
and the required economic capital allocation for each segment. 

 For Life and
Retirement — Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance, and Institutional
Markets and Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines, net investment income is
attributed based on invested assets from segregated product line portfolios
held in our Life and Retirement companies. All invested assets of the Life and
Retirement companies in excess of liabilities are allocated based on estimates
of required economic capital allocation for each segment. 

 Asset Liability Measurement 

 For
the General Insurance companies, the duration of liabilities for long-tail
casualty lines is greater than that of other lines. As a result, the investment
strategy within the General Insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus
and preservation of capital, subject to liability and other business
considerations. 

 The General
Insurance companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by
corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies and also invest in
structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and
commercial real estate and commercial mortgage loans. While invested assets
backing reserves of the General Insurance companies are primarily invested in
conventional fixed maturity securities, we have continued to allocate a portion
of our investment activity into asset classes that offer higher yields,
particularly in the domestic operations. In addition, we continue to invest in
both fixed rate and floating rate asset-backed investments for their risk-return
attributes, as well as to manage our exposure to potential changes in interest
rates. This asset diversification has maintained stable average yields while
the overall credit ratings of our fixed maturity securities were largely
unchanged. We expect to continue to pursue this investment strategy to meet the
General Insurance companies’ liquidity, duration and credit quality objectives
as well as current risk‑return and tax objectives. 

 In addition, the
General Insurance companies seek to enhance returns through selective
investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative investments. Although
these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations,
they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity
portfolio yields and have provided added diversification to the broader
portfolio.   

 Fixed maturity
securities of the General Insurance companies’ domestic operations, with an
average duration of 3.9 years, are currently comprised of corporate bonds,
structured securities, taxable municipal bonds and government and agency bonds
as well as tax-exempt securities, which provide attractive risk-adjusted
after-tax returns. The majority of these high quality investments are rated A
or higher based on composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity
securities held in the General Insurance companies’ foreign operations are of
high quality, primarily rated A or higher based on composite ratings, with an
average duration of 3.6 years. 

 The
investment strategy of the Life and Retirement companies is to maximize net
investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity requirements,
capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset‑liability
management and available investment opportunities. 

 The Life and
Retirement companies use asset‑liability management as a primary tool to
monitor and manage risk in their businesses. The Life and Retirement companies'
fundamental investment strategy is to maintain a diversified, high to medium
quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities that, to the extent practicable,
complements the characteristics of liabilities, including duration, which is a
measure of sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The investment portfolio
of each product line is tailored to the specific characteristics of its insurance
liabilities, and as a result, certain portfolios are shorter in duration and
others are longer in duration.  An extended low interest rate environment may
result in a lengthening of liability durations from initial estimates,
primarily due to lower lapses, which may require us to further extend the
duration of the investment portfolio.  

 The Life and
Retirement companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by
corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured
securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial
real estate; and commercial mortgage loans. 

 In addition, the
Life  and Retirement  companies seek to enhance returns through investments in a
diversified portfolio of alternative investments.  Although
these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations,
they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity
portfolio yields.  While a diversified portfolio of alternative investments
remains a fundamental  
 


 

 104                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 component of the investment
strategy of the Life  and Retirement  companies, we have reduced the overall size of
the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market conditions and perceived
market opportunities, and to continue reducing the size of the private equity
portfolio.  

 Fixed maturity
securities of the Life and Retirement companies domestic operations, with an
average duration of 7.3 years, are comprised primarily of taxable corporate
bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds, and agency and non‑agency
structured securities. The majority of these investments are held in the
available for sale portfolio and are rated investment grade based on its
composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity
securities held in the Life and Retirement companies foreign operations are of
high quality, primarily rated A or higher based on composite ratings, with an
average duration of 21.1 years. 

 NAIC Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities 

 The
Securities Valuation Office (SVO) of the National Association of Insurance
Companies (NAIC) evaluates the investments of U.S. insurers for statutory
reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of six
categories called ‘NAIC Designations.’ In general, NAIC Designations of ‘1’
highest quality, or ‘2’ high quality, include fixed maturity securities
considered investment grade, while NAIC Designations of ‘3’ through ‘6’
generally include fixed maturity securities referred to as below investment
grade.   The NAIC has adopted revised rating
methodologies for certain structured securities, including non-agency RMBS and
CMBS, which are intended to enable a more precise assessment of the value of
such structured securities and increase the accuracy in assessing expected
losses to better determine the appropriate capital requirement for such
structured securities.  These methodologies result in an improved NAIC
Designation for such securities compared to the rating typically assigned by
the three major rating agencies.  The following tables summarize the ratings
distribution of U.S.  Insurance Companies  fixed maturity security portfolio by NAIC Designation, and
the distribution by composite AIG credit rating, which is generally based on
ratings of the three major rating agencies.     

 For
a full description of the composite AIG credit ratings see   Investments – Credit Ratings .  

 The following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio
of U.S. Insurance Companies categorized by NAIC Designation, at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NAIC Designation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,791 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,400 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,778 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   144 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,450 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   155,641 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,181 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,545 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,304 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,686 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   139,155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,581 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   210,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,349 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,448 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,591 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   226,327 
   
  
 



 *    Excludes
$25.4 billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is
available because they are held in legal entities within U.S. Insurance
Companies that do not require a statutory filing. 

 The following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio
of U.S. Insurance Companies categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair
value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   CCC and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Composite AIG Credit Rating 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA/AA/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   BB 
   
  
     
   
  
   B 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lower 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,277 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,211 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,561 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   155,641 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
     
   
  
   867 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,777 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,676 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,686 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120,741 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,757 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   193,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,593 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,099 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,829 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   226,327 
   
  
 



 *    Excludes
$25.4 billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is
available because they are held in legal entities within U.S. Insurance
Companies that do not require a statutory filing. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            105 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Credit Ratings 

 At
December 31, 2017, approximately 90 percent of our fixed maturity securities
were held by our domestic entities. Approximately 18 percent of these
securities were rated AAA by one or more of the principal rating agencies, and
approximately 16 percent were rated below investment grade or not rated.
Our investment decision process relies primarily on internally generated
fundamental analysis and internal risk ratings. Third-party rating services’
ratings and opinions provide one source of independent perspective for
consideration in the internal analysis. 

 Moody’s
Investors’ Service Inc. (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s Financial Services
LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. (S&P), or similar foreign rating
services rate a significant portion of our foreign entities’ fixed maturity
securities portfolio. Rating services are not available for some foreign-issued
securities. Our Credit Risk Management department closely reviews the credit
quality of the foreign portfolio’s non-rated fixed maturity securities. At
December 31, 2017, approximately 22 percent of such investments were either
rated AAA or, on the basis of our internal analysis, were equivalent from a
credit standpoint to securities rated AAA, and approximately 8 percent were
below investment grade or not rated. Approximately 36 percent of the
foreign entities’ fixed maturity securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign
fixed maturity securities supporting policy liabilities in the country of
issuance. 

 Composite AIG Credit Ratings 

 With
respect to our fixed maturity securities, the credit ratings in the table below
and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a composite of the ratings of the
three major rating agencies, or when agency ratings are not available, the
rating assigned by the NAIC SVO (over 99 percent of total fixed maturity
securities), or (b) our equivalent internal ratings when these investments
have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies or the NAIC.  The “Non-rated”
category in those tables consists of fixed maturity securities that have not
been rated by any of the major rating agencies, the NAIC or us.  

 For a
discussion of credit risks associated with Investments see Enterprise Risk
Management. 

 The following table presents the composite AIG credit ratings of
our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair value:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Available
  for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,598 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33,647 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,772 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33,897 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,049 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,619 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,745 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,794 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47,231 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,636 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,700 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,774 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,776 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,173 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,832 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,190 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,849 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   890 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   890 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   178,241 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,593 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,648 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,114 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   714 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,828 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,760 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,504 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,811 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,414 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,996 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,577 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,299 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,194 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,838 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,004 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,790 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,198 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,628 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,861 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,294 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,246 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,718 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,761 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   822 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   964 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40,725 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,809 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54,123 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,127 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,919 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54,936 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,042 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,050 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73,696 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,351 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74,075 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,670 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,807 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,388 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,477 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   903 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,125 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255,535 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 

 106                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Available‑for‑Sale
Investments 

 The
following table presents the fair value of our available‑for‑sale
securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and
  government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states,
  municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,535 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,413 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed,
  asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available
  for sale * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   243,615 
   
  
 



 *    At
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of bonds available for sale held by
us that were below investment grade or not rated totaled $31.5 billion and
$33.6 billion, respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value
of our aggregate credit exposures to non-U.S. governments for our fixed
maturity securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Japan 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,140 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,623 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   815 
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   923 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
 
   
   Mexico 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   637 
   
  
 
   
   Indonesia 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
 
   
   United Arab Emirates 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,434 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,586 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the fair value of our aggregate
European credit exposures by major sector for our fixed maturity securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sovereign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Institution 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporates 
   
  
     
   
  
   Products 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Euro-Zone countries: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   923 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,243 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,003 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,788 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,227 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   941 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,658 
   
  
 
   
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   888 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,075 
   
  
 
   
   Ireland 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,071 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,263 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            107 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   Spain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   860 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
     
   
  
   918 
   
  
 
   
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
 
   
   Luxembourg 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   430 
   
  
 
   
   Finland 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   198 
   
  
 
   
   Austria 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
 
   
   Other - EuroZone 
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,104 
   
  
 
   
   Total Euro-Zone 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,195 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,921 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,749 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   614 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,479 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,598 
   
  
 
   
   Remainder of Europe: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,975 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,293 
   
  
 
   
   Switzerland 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,221 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,360 
   
  
 
   
   Sweden 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   378 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
     
   
  
   691 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   618 
   
  
     
   
  
   582 
   
  
 
   
   Russian Federation 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
   Other - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
 
   
   Total - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,067 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,121 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,380 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,191 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,816 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,356 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,600 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,978 
   
  
 



 Investments in Municipal Bonds 

 At  December 31, 2017,  the
U.S. municipal bond portfolio was composed primarily of essential service revenue
bonds and high-quality tax-exempt bonds with over 92 percent of the portfolio
rated A or higher. 

 The following table presents the fair values of our available for
sale U.S. municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond type: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   State 
   
  
     
   
  
   Local 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Fair Value 
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   539 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,003 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,562 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,170 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   424 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,471 
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,096 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,287 
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   966 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   908 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   605 
   
  
     
   
  
   666 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
 
   
   Washington 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
     
   
  
   650 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   639 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   483 
   
  
     
   
  
   575 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
 
   
   Washington D.C. 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
 
   
   Maryland 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
 
   
   All other states (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,317 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b)(c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,816 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
 



 (a)  We
did not have material credit exposure to the government of Puerto Rico. 

 (b)  Excludes
certain university and not-for-profit entities that issue their bonds in the
corporate debt market. Includes industrial revenue bonds. 

 (c)  Includes
$0.9 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds. 


 


 

 108                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments in
Corporate Debt Securities 

 The following table presents the industry categories of our
available for sale corporate debt securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry Category 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial institutions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Money Center/Global Bank Groups 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,295 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,892 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — other 
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
   606 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Securities firms and other finance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Insurance non-life 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,213 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — North America 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,844 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other financial institutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,435 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,938 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Communications 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,025 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer noncyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,338 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital goods 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,339 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Energy 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,618 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer cyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,166 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,606 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,582 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,252 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    At
both December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, approximately 91 percent of these
investments were rated investment grade. 

 Our
investments in the energy category, as a percentage of total investments in
available-for-sale fixed maturities, was 5.5 percent and 5.6 percent at
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. While the energy
investments are primarily investment grade and are actively managed, the
category continues to experience volatility that could adversely affect credit
quality and fair value. 

 Investments in RMBS 

 The following table presents AIG’s RMBS available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Agency RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,854 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,387 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,947 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,905 
   
  
 
   
   Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,422 
   
  
 
   
   Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   770 
   
  
     
   
  
   806 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS (a)(b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
approximately $12.3 billion and $12.9 billion at December 31, 2017 and December
31, 2016, respectively, of certain RMBS that had experienced deterioration in
credit quality since their origination. For additional discussion on Purchased
Credit Impaired (PCI) Securities see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 (b)  The
weighted average expected life was six years at both December 31, 2017 and
December 31, 2016. 

 Our
underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other asset‑backed
securities (ABS) and CDOs take into consideration the quality of the
originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying
characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of
credit enhancement in the transaction. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            109 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments in
CMBS 

 The following table presents our CMBS available for sale
securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS (traditional) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,092 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,782 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,737 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   656 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
 



 The
fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable throughout 2017. The majority of
our investments in CMBS are in tranches that contain substantial protection
features through collateral subordination. The majority of CMBS holdings are
traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified across property types and
geographical areas. 

 Investments in CDOs 

 The following table presents our CDO available for sale securities
by collateral type:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Collateral Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bank loans (CLO) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,548 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,206 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,677 
   
  
 



 Commercial Mortgage Loans 

 At
December 31, 2017, we had direct commercial mortgage loan exposure of
$28.6 billion.  All commercial mortgage loans were current or performing
according to their restructured terms. 

 The following table presents the commercial mortgage loan exposure
by location and class of loan based on amortized cost: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,673 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,716 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   556 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   265 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,492 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
     
   
  
   845 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,312 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   934 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,696 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   486 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   435 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,153 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   746 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   678 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Washington D.C. 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   964 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,640 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   821 
   
  
     
   
  
   754 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,823 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 




 


 

 110                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New
  York 
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,527 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   534 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   215 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,015 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   761 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,925 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   857 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,515 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   340 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New
  Jersey 
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   993 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   578 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Connecticut 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other
  states 
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   481 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,458 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,770 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,197 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,589 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Does not reflect allowance for credit
losses. 

 For additional
discussion on commercial mortgage loans see Note  7  to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Impairments 

 The following table presents impairments by investment type: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary Impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities, available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   480 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   425 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities, available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity funds and hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   Other impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
 
   
      Real estate (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   701 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
 



 (a) Impairments include $360 million
related to investments in our life settlements portfolio that were sold in
2017. 

 (b) Impairments include $35 million
related to other assets that were sold during the three-month period ended June
30, 2017. 

 Our
investments in life settlements are monitored for impairment on a
contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life settlements is
considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting from the expected
proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated future carrying
amount. This amount is defined as the current carrying amount for the
investment in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums
and other capitalizable future costs, if any. Impaired investments in life
settlements are written down to their estimated fair value. This is determined
on a discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality
assumptions and market yields or by repricing to the anticipated sale price as
appropriate. 

 Impairments
on life settlements in 2017 were mainly attributable to write-downs of the
policies to the purchase price as agreed in the sale of the remainder of the
life settlements portfolio. 

 Impairments
on life settlements in 2016 were partially attributable to an increase in
policy premiums required to keep policies in force which resulted in lower future
expected net cash flows that were insufficient to recover our net investment on
certain policies. 

 Impairments
on life settlements in 2015 were partially attributable to an increase in
policy premiums required to keep policies in force which resulted in lower future
expected net cash flows that were insufficient to recover our net investment on
certain policies as well as our adoption of the Society of Actuaries 2015
Valuation Basic Table (VBT) as the market mortality assumption used to measure
the fair value of impaired policies. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            111 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments 

 To
determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use fundamental credit analyses
of individual securities without regard to rating agency ratings. Based on this
analysis, we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to cover the amortized
cost of all below investment grade securities for which credit impairments were
not recognized. 

 The following tables present other-than-temporary impairment
charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity securities, equity securities,
private equity funds and hedge funds. 

 Other-than-temporary impairment charges by investment type and
impairment type:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other
  Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested
  Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   278 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   559 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   671 
   
  
 



 *    Includes other-than-temporary impairment
charges on private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity
investments. 

 We recorded
other-than-temporary impairment charges in the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015 related to: 

 •       issuer-specific
credit events;  

 •       securities
that we intend to sell or for which it is more likely than not that we will be
required to sell; 

 •       declines
due to foreign exchange rates;  

 •       adverse
changes in estimated cash flows on certain structured securities; and 

 •       securities
that experienced severe market valuation declines. 

 In addition, impairments are recorded on real
estate and investments in life settlements. 

 In periods subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity
securities that is not foreign-exchange related, we generally prospectively
accrete into earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the
expected undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining life of the
security. The accretion that was recognized for these securities in earnings
was $669 million in 2017, $767 million in 2016 and $735 million in 2015.  

 For a discussion of our other-than-temporary impairment
accounting policy see   Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements .  


 


 

 112                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following table shows
the aging of the pre-tax unrealized losses of fixed maturity and equity securities,
the extent to which the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the
number of respective items in each category: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
   Less Than or Equal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 20% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 50% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   to 20% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to 50% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total  
   
  
 
   
   Aging (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e)
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss (d)
   
   
  
   Items (e)
   
   
  
 
   
   Investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   321 
   
  
   3,202 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   128 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   449 
   
  
   3,209 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
   528 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
   537 
   
  
 
   
   12 months or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
   1,486 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   902 
   
  
   5,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   462 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   156 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,193 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,079 
   
  
   5,251 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   grade bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,956 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85 
   
  
   1,490 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92 
   
  
   1,524 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   505 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
   258 
   
  
 
   
   12 months or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
   415 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,573 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   213 
   
  
   2,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62 
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,814 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   281 
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,918 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
   4,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,307 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   541 
   
  
   4,733 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
   767 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,918 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
   795 
   
  
 
   
   12 months or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
   1,871 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
   1,920 
   
  
 
   
   Total (e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
   7,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   218 
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,360 
   
  
   7,448 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-11 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
the number of consecutive months that fair value has been less than cost by any
amount. 

 (b)  Represents
the percentage by which fair value is less than cost at December 31, 2017. 

 (c)  For
bonds, represents amortized cost. 

 (d)  The
effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes will be mitigated upon
realization because certain realized losses will result in current decreases in
the amortization of certain DAC. 

 (e)  Item
count is by CUSIP by subsidiary. 

 Change in Unrealized Gains and Losses on Investments  

 The
change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2017 was primarily
attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For
2017, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity securities
increased by $4.3 billion due primarily to a decrease in rates and a narrowing
of credit spreads.  

 The
change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2016 was primarily
attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For
2016, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity securities
increased by $0.9 billion due primarily to a narrowing of credit spreads, which
more than offset the rise in rates. 

 For further
discussion of our investment portfolio see also Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            113 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Net Realized
Capital Gains and Losses 

 The following table presents the components of Net realized
capital losses: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   94 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   (234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
 
   
   All other derivatives and hedge accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   (368) 
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments on investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (540) 
   
  
 
   
   Other (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   776 
   
  
 



 (a)  In 2016
and 2015 includes realized gains on the sale of a portion of our holdings in  People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and
PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively, our PICC
Investment) . 

 (b)   In  2016,
primarily includes $107 million of realized gains due to a purchase price
adjustment on the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. and
losses of $253 million from the sale of a portion of our Life Settlements
portfolio.  In 2015, primarily
includes $ 357  million of realized gains due to the sale of common shares of
SpringLeaf Holdings (now known as OneMain Holdings, Inc.), $ 428  million of
realized gains due to the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc.
and $ 463  million of realized losses due to the sale of ordinary shares of
AerCap.             

 Net realized capital losses decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 due
primarily to foreign exchange gains versus losses in the prior year and lower
other-than-temporary impairments.  Net
realized capital losses in 2017  consisted  
primarily of variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges, and
impairments, which were partially offset by gains on the sales of securities
and foreign exchange gains. 

 Variable
annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedge losses were primarily a
result of the non-performance or “own credit” risk adjustment used in the
valuation of the variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
(GMWB) embedded derivative impacted by interest rates and equity market
performance in 2017 and changes in actuarial assumptions in our variable
annuity program, both of which are not hedged as part of our economic hedging
program. 

 For
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features see MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – Life and
Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging
Programs. For more information on the economic hedging target and the impact to
pre-tax income of this program see Insurance Reserves – Life and  Annuity Reserves and DAC  – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results
in this MD&A. 

 Net
realized capital losses in 2016 were primarily related to foreign exchange
losses, derivative losses, and impairments, which were higher than the gain
recognized on the sale of a portion of our PICC Investment. Foreign exchange
gains (losses) were primarily due to $910 million of remeasurement losses
in 2016 for a short term intercompany balance that was matched with
available for sale investments in fixed maturity securities denominated in the
same foreign currencies. Unrealized gains and losses on the available for sale
investments were recorded in other comprehensive income resulting in an
immaterial impact on our overall equity or book value per share from this
arrangement.  

 Net realized
capital gains in 2015 were primarily driven by foreign exchange gains which
included $243 million of gains in 2015, related to the intercompany notional
cash pooling arrangement, discussed above and net gains on the sales of various
securities such as the Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc., common shares
of OneMain Holdings and sales of our PICC Investment. These realized gains were
partially offset by realized losses related to the sale of ordinary shares of
AerCap.  

 For further
discussion of our investment portfolio see also Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 114                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Insurance Reserves 

 


 Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses (Loss Reserves) 

 The following table presents the components of our gross and net loss
reserves by segment and major lines of business * : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net
  liability for 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   Gross
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  liability 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   Gross
  liability 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   unpaid
  losses 
   
  
   recoverable
  on 
   
  
    for
  unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  unpaid 
   
  
   recoverable
  on 
   
  
    for
  unpaid 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   and
  loss 
   
  
   unpaid
  losses and 
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
   unpaid
  losses and 
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (net of discount) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,690 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,486 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,645 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,855 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,604 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,942 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,471 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,066 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,209 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   968 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,378 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   905 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,992 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,239 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,784 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,097 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   632 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,654 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   691 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,509 
   
  
 
   
   Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,697 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,440 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,111 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,026 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,232 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,315 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,276 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Long Tail Insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (net of discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,675 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,140 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,134 
   
  
 
   
   Other run-off product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjusted expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   481 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   461 
   
  
 
   
   Total Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,988 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,839 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,801 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (Blackboard) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,685 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,545 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,532 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
 



  * Includes loss reserve
discount of $1.8 billion and $3.6 billion for the years ended December 31,
2017, and 2016, respectively.  For discussion of loss reserve discount see Note
13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            115 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 PRIOR YEAR
DEVELOPMENT 

 The following table summarizes incurred (favorable) unfavorable
prior year development net of reinsurance by segment: 

 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North America * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   371 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,286 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,120 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,275 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines  
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   913 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
 



 *    Includes the amortization attributed to
the deferred gain at inception from the NICO adverse development  reinsurance
agreement of $228 million in the year ended December 31, 2017.  Consistent with
our definition of APTI, the year  ended December 31, 2017 excludes the portion
of unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk
under the NICO reinsurance agreements of $359 million, and related changes in
amortization of the deferred gain of $56 million. 

 Net Loss Development – 2017  

 During 2017,
we recognized unfavorable prior year loss reserve development of $978 million.
This unfavorable development was primarily a result of the following: 

 •     
 Unfavorable development in U.S.
Excess Casualty and U.S. Other Casualty, driven primarily by increases in
underlying severity and greater than expected emerging loss experience in
accident year 2016 as well as increased development from claims related to
construction defects and construction wrap business (largely from accident
years 2006 and prior).  

 •     
 Unfavorable development in U.S.
Financial Lines, primarily from Directors & Officers (D&O) policies
covering privately owned and not-for-profit insureds. This development was
predominantly in accident year 2016 and resulted largely from increases in
bankruptcy-related claims and fiduciary liability claims for large educational
institutions. 

 •     
 Higher than expected losses for
Europe Casualty and Financial Lines, including a significant increase in large
claims activity in our Europe long-tail business, with a large proportion
emanating from accident year 2016. In addition, we increased our loss reserves
as a result of the decision made by the UK Ministry of Justice to reduce the
discount rate applied to lump-sum bodily injury payouts, known as the Ogden
rate.  

 •     
 In addition, we also observed
higher than expected losses in our Europe Property and Special Risks business
driven by unexpected development on various large claims across the property,
aviation, marine, and trade credit segments. 

   

 Our analyses and conclusions about prior year reserves
also help inform our judgments about the current accident year loss and loss
adjustment expense ratios we selected. 

 For further details of prior year development by line
of business, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For a
discussion of actuarial methods employed for major classes of business, see
also Critical Accounting Estimates .  

    


 


 

 116                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following
tables summarize incurred (favorable) unfavorable prior year development net of
reinsurance, by segment and major lines of business, and by accident year
groupings: 

 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  & Prior 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance North America: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (145) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   371 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   625 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (254) 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance International: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe casualty and financial lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   507 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   354 
   
  
 
   
   Europe property and special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
   Europe and Japan Personal insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance International 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   628 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   423 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Lines  
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   820 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
 



 For accident year
2016, the unfavorable development of $820 million was spread across multiple
segments, with the drivers being U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines,
Europe Casualty and Financial Lines, and Europe Property and Special Risks. As
noted above, we have seen unexpected loss severity in these portfolios at this
early stage of development. 

 For accident years 2015 and prior, the
unfavorable development of $158 million was primarily driven by Europe Casualty
and Financial Lines. For North America, development was favorable, primarily
reflecting the benefit of the prior year development ceded to NICO and the
amortization on the adverse development reinsurance agreement. 

 Net Loss Development –
2016 

 During 2016,
we recognized adverse prior year loss reserve development of $5.8 billion. This
unfavorable development was primarily a result of the following: 

 •     
 Higher than expected losses
emerging across several casualty product lines, especially in recent accident
years (generally, 2011 to 2015) driven by increased frequency and severity of
claims. This recent accident year loss emergence caused us to increase loss
development factors applied across many accident years. 

 •     
 Loss development factors including
workers’ compensation tail factors, also increased due to an observed
lengthening of loss reporting patterns relative to prior expectations. 

 •     
 Increases in loss trend assumptions
to reflect the latest observed increases in frequency and severity and the
impact of these increased loss trends on expected loss ratios. 

 •     
 Changes in weights we apply to the
various actuarial methods to better align with updated trends. 

 Net Loss
Development – 2015 

 During 2015,
we recognized unfavorable prior year loss reserve development of $4.1 billion.
This unfavorable development was primarily as a result of the following:   

 •     
 Higher than expected loss emergence
across U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Workers’ Compensation, and U.S. Other
Casualty lines as well as European Financial Lines. 

 •     
 Updated loss development selections
in U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines and U.S. Run-off Casualty
Insurance lines, most notably tail factor selections and incorporation of
updated industry experience for asbestos liabilities. 

 •     
 Revised estimates of expected
future recoveries from risk-sharing policies in the U.S. Workers’ Compensation
business.   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            117 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 •     
 Updated estimates for
extra-contractual obligation claims and unallocated loss adjustment expenses 

   

 We note that for certain categories of claims
(e.g., construction defect claims and environmental claims) and for reinsurance
recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified to an earlier or later
accident year as more information about the date of occurrence becomes
available to us. These reclassifications are shown as development in the
respective years in the tables above. 

 Significant Reinsurance Agreements 

 Effective
January 1, 2016, we entered into a two-year reinsurance arrangement with the
Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd, under which we ceded a proportional share of our
new and renewal U.S. Primary Casualty portfolio in order to reduce the
concentration of casualty business in our portfolio.  This agreement was not
renewed for new and renewal business for 2018 but remains in effect for risks
attaching during the two-year term of the agreement. 

 In 2017, we
entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement with NICO, a
subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., under which we transferred to NICO 80
percent of the reserve risk on substantially all of our U.S. Commercial long-tail
exposures for accident years 2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to
NICO 80 percent of the losses on subject business paid on or after January 1,
2016 in excess of $25 billion of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of
$25 billion.  At NICO’s 80 percent share, NICO’s limit of liability under the
contract is $20 billion. The covered losses ceded to NICO were $13.1 billion
and the unexpired limit was $6.9 billion at December 31, 2017. We account for
this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. We paid total consideration,
including interest, of $10.2 billion. The consideration was placed into a
collateral trust account as security for NICO’s claim payment obligations, and
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has provided a parental guarantee to secure the
obligations of NICO under the agreement. This transaction resulted in a gain,
which under U.S. GAAP retroactive reinsurance accounting is deferred and
amortized into income over the settlement period. 

 For a
description of AIG’s catastrophe reinsurance protection for 2018, see
Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Risks – General Insurance Companies Key
Risks – Natural Catastrophe Risk. 

 The table below shows the calculation of the deferred gain on the
adverse development reinsurance agreement at inception and as of December 31,
2017, showing the effect of discounting of loss reserves and amortization of
the deferred gain. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   At 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Inception 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   Gross Covered Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Covered reserves before discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,654 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,856) 
   
  
 
   
   Inception to date losses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,788 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,245 
   
  
 
   
   Attachment point 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Covered losses above attachment point 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   389 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deferred Gain Development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Covered losses above attachment ceded to NICO (80%) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,843 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   310 
   
  
 
   
   Consideration paid including interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,188) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,188) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax deferred gain before discount and amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
 
   
   Discount on ceded losses (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax deferred gain before amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
 
   
   Inception to date amortization of deferred gain at inception 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
 
   
   Inception to date amortization attributed to changes in deferred
  gain (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred gain liability reflected in AIG's balance sheet 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
 



 (a)             For the period from
inception to December 31, 2017, the accretion of discount and a reduction in
effective interest rates was offset by changes in estimates of the amount and
timing of future recoveries under the Adverse Development Reinsurance
Agreement. 

 (b) Excluded from our definition of
APTI. 


 


 

 118                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following
table presents the rollforward of activity in the deferred gain from the
adverse development reinsurance agreement: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Year
  Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Before
  Discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gain at inception 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
 
   
   Unfavorable prior year reserve development ceded to NICO (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization attributed to deferred gain at inception (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization attributed to changes in deferred gain (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in discount on ceded loss reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,706 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
 



 (a)  Prior year
reserve development ceded to NICO under the retroactive reinsurance agreement
is deferred under U.S. GAAP and is recognized in APTI. 

 (b)  Represents
amortization of the deferred gain recognized in APTI and under U.S. GAAP. 

 (c)  Excluded from
APTI and included in U.S. GAAP. 

 The
lines of business subject to this agreement have been the source of the
majority of the prior year adverse development charges over the past several
years. The agreement is expected to result in lower capital charges for reserve
risks at our U.S. insurance subsidiaries. In addition, we would expect future
net investment income to decline as a result of lower invested assets. 

 For a summary
of significant reinsurers see Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk
Management – Insurance Operations Risks – General Insurance Companies
Key Insurance Risks – Reinsurance Recoverable. 

 LIFE AND ANNUITY
reserves and dac 

 The following section provides
discussion of life and annuity reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions 

 The Life and Retirement companies review and update estimated
gross profit projections used to amortize DAC and related items for
investment-oriented products at least annually. Estimated gross profit
projections include assumptions for investment-related returns and spreads,
product-related fees and expenses, mortality gains and losses, policyholder
behavior and other factors. In estimating future gross profits, lapse
assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on DAC
amortization. If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC and related reserves (which may include VOBA, SIA,
guaranteed benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserves) are recalculated
using the new projections, and any resulting adjustment is included in income.
Updating such projections may result in acceleration of amortization in some
products and deceleration of amortization in other products.  

 The
Life and Retirement companies also review assumptions related to the valuation
of variable annuity GMWB living benefits which are accounted for as embedded
derivatives and measured at fair value.  The fair value of these embedded
derivatives is based on actuarial assumptions, including policyholder behavior,
as well as capital market assumptions. 

 Various assumptions were updated, including
the following effective September 30, 2017:  

 •     
 we reduced our separate account long-term asset growth rate
assumption related to equity market performance by 50 basis points to 7.0
percent and increased our reversion to the mean rates (gross of fees) to 3.74
percent for the Variable Annuity product line in Individual Retirement and 3.78
percent for the Variable Annuity product line in Group Retirement; and 

 •     
 we lowered our ultimate projected yields on invested assets by
approximately five to 10 basis points. Projected yields are graded from a
weighted average net GAAP book yield of existing assets supporting the business
based on the value of the asset to a weighted average yield based on the
duration of the assets excluding assets that mature during the grading period.
The grading period is three years for annuity products and five years for life
insurance products. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            119 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 For long-duration
traditional products, which include whole life insurance, term life insurance,
accident and health insurance, long-term care insurance, and life-contingent
single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements, a “lock-in”
principle applies. The assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities
and DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in
actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. Loss recognition
occurs if observed changes in actual experience or estimates result in
projected future losses under loss recognition testing. Underlying assumptions
are reviewed periodically and updated as appropriate. 

 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in adjusted
pre-tax income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions for the
domestic life and retirement companies, by segment and product line: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Other: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Life and Retirement Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in adjusted pre-tax income from
  update of assumptions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (384) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax
income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions in the domestic life
and retirement companies, by line item as reported in Results of Operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (720) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
   270 
   
  
     
   
  
   (384) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in DAC related to net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (246) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 



 In
2017, adjusted pre-tax income included a net positive adjustment of $270
million, primarily driven by lower lapse assumptions in Fixed Annuities,
improved mortality assumptions in Life Insurance, and an increase in the
reversion to the mean rates in Variable Annuities. The positive adjustments
were partially offset by lower spread assumptions in Fixed Annuities and a loss
recognition expense on long-term care business in the Legacy Life and
Retirement Run-Off Lines. 

 In 2016,
adjusted pre-tax income included a net negative adjustment of $384 million,
primarily driven by $622 million of loss recognition reserves for pre-2010
payout annuities in the Legacy Portfolio, and an increase in Life Insurance
reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees. These negative
adjustments were partially offset by positive adjustments, primarily due to
lower lapse assumptions in Fixed Annuities. 

 In 2015,
adjusted pre-tax income included a net negative adjustment of $6 million,
primarily driven by a net negative adjustment of $118 million in Life
Insurance, which was offset in large part by net positive adjustments of $92
million in Fixed Annuities and $48 million in Group Retirement. 

 The adjustments
related to the update of actuarial assumptions in each period are discussed by
segment below. 


 


 

 120                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Segment 

 Individual Retirement 

 The
update of actuarial assumptions resulted in net positive adjustments to
adjusted pre-tax income of Individual Retirement of $242 million, $369 million
and $92 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 In Fixed
Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net
positive adjustment of $130 million in 2017, which reflected lower lapse
assumptions, partially offset by lower spread assumptions. In 2016, a net
positive adjustment of $330 million reflected lower lapse assumptions,
primarily due to lower long-term interest rates, as well as updates to spread
assumptions. In 2015, a net positive adjustment of $92 million reflected
refinements to investment spread assumptions, lower terminations and decreases
to expense assumptions. 

 In Variable and
Index Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a
net positive adjustment of $112 million in 2017, primarily due to an increase
in the reversion to the mean rate used for projecting future estimated gross
profit for variable annuity products and changes in volatility assumptions. The
net positive adjustment was partially offset by a decrease in the separate
account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 7.5 percent to 7.0 percent
(before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected) and a negative adjustment in connection with the conversion to a new
modeling platform for Index Annuities.  

 In 2016, the
update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net positive
adjustment of $39 million in Variable and Index Annuities primarily due to
favorable updates to assumptions for volatility, lapses, mortality and policy
expenses, partially offset by a decrease in the separate account long-term
asset growth rate assumption from 8.5 percent to 7.5 percent (before expenses
that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected). The net
positive adjustment included a net negative adjustment of approximately $24 million
in connection with the conversion to a new modeling platform for variable
annuities, primarily due to refinements to assumptions for guaranteed minimum
interest rates and investment fees, partially offset by the impact of other
refinements identified during the conversion. 

  In 2015, there
were offsetting updates to assumed investment fees, modeled expenses, and
terminations, resulting in no net adjustment to adjusted pre-tax income in
Variable and Index Annuities.  

 Group Retirement 

 In
Group Retirement, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in
a net positive adjustment of $13 million in 2017, primarily due to an increase
in the reversion to the mean rate used for projecting future estimated gross
profit for variable annuity products and changes in maintenance expense
assumptions. The net positive adjustment was partially offset by a decrease in
the separate account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 7.5 percent to
7.0 percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees
are projected) and decreases in fixed annuity spread and separate account fee
assumptions. In 2016, a net negative adjustment of $47 million was primarily
due to refinements in lapse and partial withdrawal assumptions and a decrease
in the separate account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 8.5 percent
to 7.5 percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future
fees are projected). In 2015, a net positive adjustment of $48 million was
primarily due to revisions to mortality and lapse assumptions, partially offset
by decreased spread assumptions. 

 Life Insurance 

 In
Life Insurance, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net positive
adjustment of $29 million in 2017, primarily due to improved mortality assumptions,
partially offset by lower spread assumptions. In 2016, a net negative
adjustment of $92 million was primarily due to refinement to reserves for
universal life insurance with secondary guarantees due to lower assumed lapse
rates. The update to Life Insurance assumptions in 2016 also included lower
spread assumptions. In 2015, the net negative adjustment of $118 million was
primarily due to lower assumed lapse rates for certain later-duration universal
life with secondary guarantees. The net negative adjustment also reflected
lower investment spread assumptions, partially offset by more favorable than
expected mortality.  

 Legacy Portfolio 

 In
2017, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net negative adjustment
of $14 million, primarily due to $13 million of loss recognition expense on
long-term care business in the Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines
resulting from model enhancements. In 2016, Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off
Lines recorded $622 million of loss recognition expense on payout annuities.
The loss recognition reflected the establishment of additional reserves
primarily as a result of mortality experience studies, which indicated
increased longevity, particularly on disabled lives on a block of structured
settlements underwritten prior to 2010. In 2015, Legacy Life and Retirement
Run-Off Lines recorded loss recognition expense of $28 million to increase
reserves for certain long-term care business. The loss recognition was
primarily a result of lower future premium increase assumptions.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            121 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Variable Annuity Guaranteed
Benefits and Hedging Results 

 Our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement businesses offer
variable annuity products with GMWB riders that provide guaranteed living
benefit features. The liabilities for GMWB are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
may fluctuate significantly based on market interest rates, equity prices,
credit spreads, market volatility, policyholder behavior and other factors. 

 In
addition to risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we
have an economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from GMWB,
including exposures to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads
and volatility. The hedging program utilizes derivative instruments, including
but not limited to equity options, futures contracts and interest rate swap and
swaption contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities with a fair value
election.  

 For
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features  see   Enterprise Risk Management
– Insurance Risks – Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks – Variable Annuity Risk
Management and Hedging Programs .  

 Differences in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and
Economic Hedge Target 

 The variable annuity
hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents an estimate
of the underlying economic risks in our GMWB riders. The economic hedge target
differs from the U.S. GAAP valuation of the GMWB embedded derivatives primarily
due to the following: 

 •       The
economic hedge target includes 100 percent of rider fees in present value
calculations; the U.S. GAAP valuation reflects only those fees attributed to
the embedded derivative such that the initial value at contract issue equals
zero; 

 •       The
economic hedge target uses best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes
explicit risk margins used for U.S. GAAP valuation, such as margins for
policyholder behavior, mortality, and volatility; and 

 •       The
economic hedge target excludes the non-performance or “own credit” risk
adjustment used in the U.S. GAAP valuation, which reflects a market
participant’s view of our claims-paying ability by incorporating an additional
spread (the NPA spread) to the swap curve used to discount projected benefit
cash flows. Because the discount rate includes the NPA spread and other
explicit risk margins, the U.S. GAAP valuation is generally less sensitive to
movements in interest rates and other market factors, and to changes from actuarial
assumption updates, than the economic hedge target.  For more information on
our valuation methodology for embedded derivatives within policyholder contract
deposits see   Note  5   to the Consolidated Financial Statements .  

 The market value of
the hedge portfolio compared to the economic hedge target at any point in time
may be different and is not expected to be fully offsetting. In addition to the
derivatives held in conjunction with the variable annuity hedging program, the
Life and Retirement companies have cash and invested assets available to cover
future claims payable under these guarantees.  The primary sources of
difference between the change in the fair value of the hedging portfolio and
the economic hedge target include: 

 •       Basis
risk due to the variance between expected and actual fund returns, which may be
either positive or negative; 

 •       Realized
volatility versus implied volatility;  

 •       Actual
versus expected changes in the hedge target driven by assumptions not subject
to hedging, particularly policyholder behavior; and 

 •       Risk
exposures that we have elected not to explicitly or fully hedge. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation between
the fair value of the U.S. GAAP embedded derivatives and the value of our
economic hedge target: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciliation of
  embedded derivatives and economic hedge target: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivative
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,777 
   
  
 
   
   Exclude non-performance
  risk adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,947) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,148) 
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivative
  liability, excluding NPA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,925 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for risk
  margins and differences in valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,557) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,251) 
   
  
 
   
   Economic hedge target
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,674 
   
  
 




 


 

 122                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Impact on
Pre-tax Income (Loss) 

 The
impact on our pre-tax income (loss) of the variable annuity guaranteed living
benefits and related hedging results includes changes in the fair value of the
GMWB embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair value of related derivative
hedging instruments, both of which are recorded in Other realized capital gains
(losses). Realized capital gains (losses), as well as net investment income
from changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities used in the hedging
program, are excluded from adjusted pre-tax income of Individual Retirement and
Group Retirement. 

 The change in
the fair value of the embedded derivatives and the change in the value of the
hedging portfolio are not expected to be fully offsetting, primarily due to the
differences in valuation between the economic hedge target, the U.S. GAAP
embedded derivatives and the fair value of the hedging portfolio, as discussed
above. When corporate credit spreads widen, the change in the NPA spread
generally reduces the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities,
resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit spreads narrow or tighten, the
change in the NPA spread generally increases the fair value of the embedded
derivative liabilities, resulting in a loss. In addition to changes driven by
credit market-related movements in the NPA spread, the NPA balance also
reflects changes in business activity and in the net amount at risk from the
underlying guaranteed living benefits. 

 The following table presents the net increase (decrease) to
consolidated pre-tax income (loss) from changes in the fair value of the GMWB
embedded derivatives and related hedges, excluding related DAC amortization: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives, excluding update of actuarial 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   assumptions and NPA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (843) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  variable annuity hedging portfolio: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate derivative
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
 
   
   Equity derivative
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,347) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (919) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  variable annuity hedging portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (993) 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives excluding update of actuarial assumptions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and NPA, net of hedging
  portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   (993) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (629) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives due to NPA spread 
   
  
     
   
  
   (840) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives due to change in NPA volume 
   
  
     
   
  
   (352) 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  embedded derivatives due to update of actuarial assumptions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (188) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (101) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
 
   
   Total change due to
  update of actuarial assumptions and NPA 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
 
   
   Net impact on pre-tax
  income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,123) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   277 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   By Consolidated Income
  Statement line 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Investment Income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   146 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
   Net Realized capital
  gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
 
   
   Net Impact on pre-tax
  income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,123) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   277 
   
  
 



 The net impact on pre-tax income from the GMWB
and related hedges in 2017 (excluding related DAC amortization) was primarily
driven by losses from actuarial assumption updates to lapse and volatility
assumptions, tightening credit spreads on the NPA spread and the impact on the
NPA volume of lower expected GMWB payments, driven by higher equity markets. In
2016, the net impact on pre-tax income was primarily driven by the impact of
rising interest rates and equity markets late in the fourth quarter of 2016, which
resulted in fair value losses in the hedging portfolio, which were not offset
by decreases in the embedded derivative liabilities as the risk margins and
other assumptions used in the U.S. GAAP valuation caused the embedded
derivatives to be less sensitive to market changes than the related hedge
portfolio. In addition, 2016 included losses from actuarial assumption updates
due to lapse and mortality assumptions. In 2015, the net impact was primarily
driven by increasing NPA spread and volume, which had a positive impact on
pre-tax income, partially offset by an increase in embedded derivative
liabilities driven by a decline in interest rates and unfavorable equity market
performance. 

 The change in the fair value of embedded
derivatives, excluding update of actuarial assumptions and NPA, in 2017 was
largely offset by the related hedging portfolio. However, in 2016, the change
in fair value of embedded derivatives, excluding update of actuarial
assumptions and NPA, reflected losses on the hedging portfolio driven by
improvements in both interest rates and equity markets late in the fourth
quarter of 2016, which were not offset by decreases in embedded derivative liabilities.
In 2015, the change in the fair value of embedded derivatives, excluding update
of actuarial assumptions and NPA, included losses from equity volatility,
primarily in the third quarter of 2015, a decline in interest rates and
unfavorable equity market performance.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            123 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Fair value gains or
losses in the hedging portfolio are typically not fully offset by increases or
decreases in liabilities on a U.S. GAAP basis, due to the NPA and other risk
margins used for U.S. GAAP valuation that cause the embedded derivatives to be
less sensitive to changes in market rates than the hedge portfolio. On an
economic basis, the changes in the fair value of the hedge portfolio were
partially offset by the decrease in the economic hedge target, as discussed
below. 

 Change in Economic Hedge Target 

 The decrease in the economic hedge target
liability in 2017 was primarily due to positive equity markets, partially
offset by tighter credit spreads and lower equity volatility. The increase in
the economic hedge target liability in 2016 was primarily due to the update of
actuarial assumptions offset by reductions from positive equity markets and
increases in interest rates, particularly in the fourth quarter of 2016.  

 Change in Fair Value of the Hedging Portfolio 

 The changes in the
fair value of the economic hedge target and, to a lesser extent, the embedded
derivative valuation under U.S. GAAP, were offset in part by the following
changes in the fair value of the variable annuity hedging portfolio: 

 •       Changes
in the fair value of fixed maturity securities, primarily corporate bonds for
which the fair value option has been elected, are used as a capital-efficient
way to economically hedge interest rate and credit spread-related risk. In
2017, the change in the fair value of the corporate bond hedging program
reflected gains primarily due to tightening of credit spreads. The net gains in
2016 reflected the impact of credit spreads tightening and decreases in market
interest rates in the first nine months of 2016, partially offset by an increase
in rates in the fourth quarter of 2016. The net losses in 2015 reflected
increases in market interest rates in the first six months of 2015 and credit
spreads widening. The change in the fair value of the hedging bonds, which is
excluded from the adjusted pre-tax income of the Individual Retirement and
Group Retirement segments, is reported in net investment income on the
Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).  

 •       Changes
in the fair value of interest rate derivative contracts, which included swaps,
swaptions and futures, resulted in a small net loss in 2017, which reflected
increases in rates in the latter half of 2017, partially offset by the impact
of interest rate declines in the first half of 2017. The net losses in 2016
reflected increases in rates in the fourth quarter of 2016, which more than
offset the impact of interest rate declines in the first nine months of 2016. 
The net gains in 2015 reflected decreases in market interest rates in the
latter half of 2015, partially offset by the impact of increases in rates in
the first half of 2015. 

 •       The
change in the fair value of equity derivative contracts, which included futures
and options, resulted in losses in 2017, 2016 and 2015, which varied based on
the relative growth in equity market returns in the respective years. 

 DAC 

 The following table summarizes the major components
of the changes in DAC, including VOBA, within the life and retirement
companies, excluding DAC of Legacy Portfolio:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of
  year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,174 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,949 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition costs
  deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,205 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Update of assumptions
  included in adjusted pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
 
   
   Related to realized
  capital gains and losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   All other operating
  amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   (937) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (873) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in
  DAC due to foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Change related to
  unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (252) 
   
  
     
   
  
   827 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,174 
   
  
 



 *    DAC
balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation)
of investments was $8.9 billion, $8.4 billion and $7.7 billion at December 31,
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 The
net adjustments to DAC amortization from the update of actuarial assumptions
for estimated gross profits, including those reported within change in DAC
related to net realized capital gains (losses), represented two percent, four
percent and one percent of the DAC balance excluding the amount related to
unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments as of December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 


 


 

 124                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Reversion to the
Mean 

 In 2017,
we updated the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods
used in our reversion to the mean methodology for estimating future estimated
gross profits for variable annuity products, from 7.5 percent to 7.0 percent
(before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected). The five-year reversion to the mean period has met the criteria for
adjustment in 2017. As a result, the average gross long-term return measurement
start date was reset to December 31, 2011 for Individual Retirement and June
30, 2013 for Group Retirement; the reversion to the mean rates (gross of fees)
were increased to 3.74 percent in Individual Retirement and 3.78 percent for
Group Retirement. Sustained favorable equity market performance in excess of
long-term assumptions could result in additional unlocking in the Individual
Retirement or Group Retirement variable annuity product lines in the future,
with a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking .  

 In
2016, the long-term annual asset growth assumption was updated from 8.5 percent
to 7.5 percent. The five-year reversion to the mean period has not met the
criteria for adjustment in 2016 and 2015. 

 For
additional discussion of assumptions related to our reversion to the mean
methodology see Critical Accounting Estimates – Estimated Gross Profits for
Investment-Oriented Products. 

 DAC and Reserves Related to Unrealized Appreciation of Investments 

 DAC
and Reserves for universal life and investment-type products (collectively,
investment-oriented products) are adjusted at each balance sheet date to
reflect the change in DAC, unearned revenue, and benefit reserves with an
offset to Other comprehensive income as if securities available for sale had
been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at
current yields (shadow Investment-Oriented Adjustments). Shadow
Investment-Oriented Adjustments to DAC and unearned revenue generally move in
the opposite direction of the change in unrealized appreciation of the
available for sale securities portfolio, reducing the reported DAC and unearned
revenue balance when market interest rates decline. Conversely, shadow
Investment-Oriented Adjustments to benefit reserves generally move in the same
direction as the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale
securities portfolio, increasing reported future policy benefit liabilities
balance when market interest rates decline. Market interest rates decreased in
2017. As a result, the unrealized appreciation of fixed maturity securities
held in the Life and Retirement companies that support the businesses at December
31, 2017 increased by $3.4 billion compared to December 31, 2016, which
resulted in a decrease in DAC and unearned revenues and an increase in future
policy benefit liabilities to reflect the shadow Investment-Oriented
Adjustments . 

 Similarly, for long-duration
traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a
sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy
benefit liabilities (shadow loss reserves) with an offset to Other
comprehensive income to be recorded. At December 31, 2017, future policy
benefit liabilities increased to reflect additional shadow loss reserves. 

 Reserves 

 The following table presents a rollforward of insurance reserves
by operating segments for Life and Retirement, including future policy
benefits, policyholder contract deposits, other policy funds, and separate
account liabilities, as well as Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets under administration: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of
  year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129,321 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,474 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115,831 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,062 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,376 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and
  withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,943) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,027) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,742) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,991) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,016) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,618 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of
  underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,775) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,528 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   138,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   129,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,474 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual
  Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138,249 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   128,950 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,138 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            125 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 

 
  
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,861 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and
  deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and
  withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,019) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,589) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,505) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other
  contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (562) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (536) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (506) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,031) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (555) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,091) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair
  value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   (657) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,106 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve
  changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   97,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   84,145 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Group Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97,306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,145 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,464 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and
  deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,353 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and
  withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (569) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (650) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (440) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other
  contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (575) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (577) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,336 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair
  value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   (889) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,033) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,026) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve
  changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (800) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,162) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,397 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,006 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,055) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,085) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,121) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life
  Insurance reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,369 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,885 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional
  Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,216 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,978 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and
  deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,732 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and
  withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,291) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,283) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (520) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other
  contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (343) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (617) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair
  value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve
  changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,385 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,216 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Institutional Markets reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,382 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,212 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,725 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237,841 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232,134 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and
  deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,381 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and
  withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,822) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,549) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,207) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other
  contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,569) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,666) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,155) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,019 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair
  value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,071 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,474) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,358 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve
  changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (966) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,196) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   273,881 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,841 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,459) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,461) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250,266 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   236,380 
   
  
 



 * Excludes amortization of deferred sales
inducements 


 


 

 126                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 I nsurance
reserves of Life and Retirement, as well as Retail Mutual Funds and Group
Retirement mutual fund assets under administration, were comprised of the
following balances : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,592 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,945 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   130,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   127,048 
   
  
 
   
   Other policy funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   434 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,979 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   235,547 
   
  
     
   
  
   219,406 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual fund assets  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,319 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund assets  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   273,881 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,725 
   
  
 










 

 Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

 


 Overview 

 Liquidity  refers to the
ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet our payment obligations. 
It is defined as cash and unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short
period of time at a reasonable cost. We manage our liquidity prudently through
various risk committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and
liquidity risk framework established by our Treasury group with oversight by
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). Our liquidity risk framework is designed to
manage liquidity at both AIG Parent and its subsidiaries to meet our financial
obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario.  

 See Enterprise Risk Management — Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement and Enterprise Risk Management — Liquidity Risk
Management below for additional information.  

 Capital  refers to the
long-term financial resources available to support the operation of our
businesses, fund business growth, and cover financial and operational needs
that arise from adverse circumstances. Our primary source of ongoing capital
generation is derived from the profitability of our insurance subsidiaries. We
must comply with numerous constraints on our minimum capital positions. These
constraints drive the requirements for capital adequacy at AIG and the
individual businesses and are based on internally-defined risk tolerances,
regulatory requirements, rating agency and creditor expectations and business
needs. Actual capital levels are monitored on a regular basis, and using ERM’s
stress testing methodology, we evaluate the capital impact of potential
macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in relation to the relevant
capital constraints of both AIG and our insurance subsidiaries.  

 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to
policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising
from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events. 

 Nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or
capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital
resources. Additional collateral calls, deterioration in investment portfolios
or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus, higher surrenders of
annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit ratings, or catastrophic
losses may result in significant additional cash or capital needs and loss of
sources of liquidity and capital. In addition, regulatory and other legal
restrictions could limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or
from our subsidiaries. 

 Depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating agency
considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and capital
management actions. Liability management actions may include, but are not
limited to, repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or
engaging in debt exchange offers. Capital management actions may include, but
are not limited to, paying dividends to our shareholders and share and/or
warrant repurchases.   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            127 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 

 
  
   
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES ACTIVITY FOR 2017 
   
   Sources 
   

   AIG
  Parent Funding from Subsidiaries 
   During 2017, AIG Parent received $1.9 billion in
  dividends from subsidiaries. Of this amount, $350 million was dividends in
  the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our General Insurance
  companies, $1.5 billion was dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash
  and fixed maturity securities from our Life and Retirement companies and $2
  million was cash dividends from AIG Federal Savings Bank. 
   AIG Parent also received a net amount of $2.2
  billion in tax sharing payments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
  securities from our insurance businesses in 2017, reflecting $1.2 billion
  that was reimbursed by AIG Parent to our insurance businesses during the
  fourth quarter of 2017 primarily as a result of adjustments made to
  prior-year tax sharing payments. The tax sharing payments may continue to be
  subject to adjustment in future periods. 
   The dividends, loan repayments and tax sharing
  payments from our Life and Retirement companies resulted from and were
  funded, in part, by excess statutory capital released by Life Insurance
  Reinsurance Transactions.  
   For information regarding the Life Insurance
  Reinsurance Transactions, see Business Segment Operations — Life and
  Retirement .  
   Debt
  Issuances 
   In June 2017, we issued €1.0 billion aggregate
  principal amount ($1.1 billion at closing) of 1.875% Notes Due 2027. 
   In November 2017, we issued $400 million aggregate
  principal amount of Zero Coupon Callable Notes due 2047. 
   Legacy Investments 
   During 2017, we generated approximately $3.0
  billion in return of capital from Legacy Investments, including through the
  sale of our remaining life settlements contracts. 
   Arch 
   In June 2017, AIG Parent and National Union
  received gross proceeds of approximately $391 million and $261 million,
  respectively, from the sale of approximately four million and three million
  shares, respectively, of common stock of Arch Capital Group Ltd. by means of
  an underwritten public offering. 
 
   Uses 
   

   Debt
  Reduction 
   On July 17, 2017, we redeemed $290 million
  aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 4.90% Callable Notes Due July
  17, 2045.  
   On September 25, 2017, we redeemed $420 million
  aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 4.90% Callable Notes Due
  September 25, 2045. 
   We also made other repurchases of and repayments
  on debt instruments of approximately $3.1 billion during 2017. AIG Parent
  made interest payments on our debt instruments totaling $948 million
  during 2017. 
   Dividend 
   We paid a cash dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG
  Common Stock during each quarter of 2017.  
   Repurchase
  of Common Stock 
   We repurchased approximately 100 million shares of
  AIG Common Stock during 2017, for an aggregate purchase price of
  approximately $6.3 billion.  
      
   
  
 


 
 


 

 128                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash  

 The following table presents selected data from AIG's Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Sources: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by
  operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by
  changes in restricted cash    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
      
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by
  other investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,005 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in policyholder
  contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,410 
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by
  other financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
   Total sources 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,434 
   
  
 
   
   Uses:    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in
  operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,585) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments of long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases of AIG Common
  Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases of warrants 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in other
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total uses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,882) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,223) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,524) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate
  changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in
  cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   346 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 



 The following table presents a summary of AIG’s Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Summary: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,585) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 



 Operating Cash Flow Activities 

 Insurance companies generally receive most
premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits. The
ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash flow is affected by
the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy
retention rates and operating expenses. 

 Interest payments totaled $1.2 billion in 2017
compared to $1.3 billion in 2016 and $1.4 billion in 2015. Excluding interest
payments, AIG had operating cash outflows of $7.3 billion in 2017 compared to
operating cash inflow of $3.7 billion and $4.2 billion in 2016 and 2015
respectively. The operating cash outflow in 2017 was primarily due to payment
for the adverse development reinsurance agreement entered into with NICO. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            129 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 Investing
Cash Flow Activities 

 Net cash provided by
investing activities in 2017 was $14.7 billion compared to investing cash
inflows of $4.7 billion in 2016, which included $2.8 billion of net cash
proceeds from the sales of United Guaranty, Ascot and AIG Advisor Group. Net
cash provided by investing activities for 2015 included $4.2 billion of net
cash proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares of AerCap.  Net cash provided by
investing activities in 2017 primarily included sales of certain investments to
fund the adverse development reinsurance agreement entered into with NICO. 

 Financing Cash Flow Activities 

 Net cash used in
financing activities in 2017 included: 

 •       approximately
$1.2 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG
Common Stock in each quarter of 2017; 

 •       approximately
$6.3 billion to repurchase approximately 100 million shares of AIG Common
Stock; and 

 •       approximately
$342 million in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in
financing activities in 2016 included: 

 •       approximately
$1.4 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG
Common Stock in each quarter of 2016; 

 •       approximately
$11.5 billion to repurchase approximately 201 million shares of AIG Common
Stock;  

 •       approximately
$309 million to repurchase approximately 17 million warrants to purchase shares
of AIG Common Stock; and 

 •       approximately
$1.9 billion in net inflows from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in
financing activities in 2015 included: 

 •       approximately
$1.0 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG
Common Stock in each of the first and second quarters of 2015 and $0.28 per
share on AIG Common Stock in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2015; 

 •       approximately
$10.7 billion to repurchase approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common
Stock; and 

 •       approximately
$2.9 billion in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt. 

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 

 AIG Parent 

 As of December
31, 2017, AIG Parent had approximately $11.8 billion in liquidity sources.
AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are primarily held in the form of cash,
short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and
government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. AIG
Parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of products,
counterparties and duration. Based upon an assessment of funding needs, the
liquidity sources can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase
agreements or contributed as admitted assets to regulated insurance companies.
AIG Parent liquidity is monitored through the use of various internal liquidity
risk measures. AIG Parent’s primary sources of liquidity are dividends,
distributions, loans and other payments from subsidiaries and credit facilities. 
AIG Parent’s primary uses of liquidity are for debt service, capital and
liability management, and operating expenses. 

 We believe that
we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy our reasonably
foreseeable future requirements and meet our obligations to our creditors,
debt-holders and insurance company subsidiaries. We expect to access the debt
markets from time to time to meet funding requirements as needed.  

 We utilize our
capital resources to support our businesses, with the majority of capital
allocated to our insurance operations. Should we have or generate more capital
than is needed to support our business strategies (including organic growth or
acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks inherent to our business, we may
develop plans to distribute such capital to shareholders via dividends or share
repurchase authorizations or deploy such capital towards liability management. 

 In the normal
course, it is expected that a portion of the capital released by our insurance
operations, by our other operations or through the utilization of AIG’s
deferred tax assets may be available to support our business strategies, for
distribution to shareholders or for liability management. 

 In developing
plans to distribute capital, AIG considers a number of factors, including, but
not limited to: AIG’s business and strategic plans, expectations for capital
generation and utilization, AIG’s funding capacity and capital resources in
comparison to internal benchmarks, as well as rating agency expectations,
regulatory standards and internal stress tests for capital. 


 


 

 130                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 The following table presents AIG Parent's
liquidity sources: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   As of  
   
  
   As of  
   
  
 
   
   (In millions) 
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and short-term investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,950 
   
  
 
   
   Unencumbered fixed maturity securities (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,470 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,420 
   
  
 
   
   Available capacity under syndicated credit facility (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity sources 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,920 
   
  
 



 (a)  Cash
and short-term investments include reverse repurchase agreements totaling
$1.7 billion and $1.0 billion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.  

 (b)  Unencumbered
securities consist of publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and
government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 

 (c)  For
additional information relating to this syndicated credit facility see Credit
Facilities below. 

 Insurance Companies 

 We expect that
our insurance companies will be able to continue to satisfy reasonably
foreseeable future liquidity requirements and meet their obligations, including
those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash
from operations and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets.
Our insurance companies’ liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of
cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed
maturity securities.  

 Each of our
material insurance companies’ liquidity is monitored through various internal
liquidity risk measures.  The primary sources of liquidity are premiums,
fees, reinsurance recoverables and investment income and maturities. The
primary uses of liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, benefit
claims, surrenders, withdrawals, interest payments, dividends, expenses,
investment purchases and collateral requirements. 

 Our General
Insurance companies may require additional funding to meet capital or liquidity
needs under certain circumstances.  Large catastrophes may require us to
provide additional support to our affected operations. Downgrades in our credit
ratings could put pressure on the insurer financial strength ratings of our
subsidiaries, which could result in non‑renewals or cancellations by
policyholders and adversely affect the subsidiary’s ability to meet its own
obligations. Increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the
financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency capital models
may reduce the amount of available capital relative to required capital. Other
potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an economic
collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations, nationalization,
catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing economic or
political upheaval. 

 On January 20,
2017, certain of our General Insurance companies entered into an adverse
development reinsurance agreement with NICO under which they transferred to
NICO 80 percent of reserve risk on substantially all of their U.S. Commercial
long-tail exposures for accident years 2015 and prior. Under this agreement,
these General Insurance companies ceded to NICO 80 percent of the paid losses
on subject business paid on or after January 1, 2016 in excess of $25 billion
of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of $25 billion. The total
consideration paid, including interest, was $10.2 billion. 

 Management
believes that because of the size and liquidity of our Life and Retirement
companies’ investment portfolios, normal deviations from projected claim or
surrender experience would not create significant liquidity risk. Furthermore,
our Life and Retirement companies’ products contain certain features that
mitigate surrender risk, including surrender charges. However, in times of
extreme capital markets disruption, liquidity needs could outpace resources. As
part of their risk management framework, our Life and Retirement companies
continue to evaluate and, where appropriate, pursue strategies and programs to
improve their liquidity position and facilitate their ability to maintain a
fully invested asset portfolio. 

 Certain of our
U.S. insurance companies are members of the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) in
their respective districts. Borrowings from the FHLBs are used to supplement
liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. Our U.S. General
Insurance companies had outstanding borrowings from the FHLBs in an aggregate
amount of approximately $190 million and $733 million at December 31, 2017 and
December 31, 2016, respectively.  The
outstanding borrowings are being used primarily for interest rate risk
management purposes in connection with certain  reinsurance
arrangements, and the related balances are expected to decline as underlying
premiums are collected. Our U.S. Life and Retirement companies had no
outstanding borrowings in the form of cash advances from the FHLBs at December
31, 2017, and aggregate borrowings in the form of cash advances of
approximately $2 million at December 31, 2016. In addition, $606 million and
$429 million were due to the FHLB of Dallas at December 31, 2017 and December
31, 2016, respectively, under funding agreements issued by our Institutional
Markets business, which were reported in Policyholder contract deposits. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            131 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 Certain of our U.S. Life and Retirement companies have
programs, which began in 2012, that lend securities from their investment
portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as deemed appropriate by
management. Under these programs, these U.S. Life and Retirement companies lend
securities to financial institutions and receive cash as collateral equal to
102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities. Cash collateral
received is invested in short-term investments. Additionally, the aggregate
amount of securities that a Life and Retirement company is able to lend under
its program at any time is limited to five percent of its general account
statutory-basis admitted assets. Our U.S. Life and Retirement companies had
$2.9 billion and $2.4 billion of securities subject to these agreements at
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively, and $3.0 billion and
$2.5 billion of liabilities to borrowers for collateral received at December
31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. 

 AIG generally
manages capital between AIG Parent and our insurance companies through
internal, Board-approved policies and limits, as well as management standards.
In addition, AIG Parent has unconditional capital maintenance agreements (CMAs)
in place with certain subsidiaries. Nevertheless, regulatory and other legal
restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital freely, either to or
from our subsidiaries. 

 AIG
Parent and/or certain subsidiaries are parties to several letter of credit
agreements with various financial institutions.  These financial
institutions issue letters of credit from time to time to certain of our
General Insurance companies for insurance regulatory and reinsurance collateral
purposes or for capital support, and the total outstanding amount of issued
letters of credit for these purposes was approximately $3.1 billion at year end
2017 . Letters of credit issued
in support of the Life and Retirement companies totaled approximately $900
million at year end 2017 . 

 During
2016, we created a new Switzerland-domiciled international holding company, AIG
International Holdings, GmbH (AIGIH), which is intended to be the ultimate
holding company for all of our international entities. This international
holding company structure is part of our ongoing efforts to simplify our
organizational structure, and is expected to facilitate the optimization of our
international capital strategy from both a regulatory and tax perspective.  Through February 8, 2018, substantially all
of our international operations have been transferred to AIGIH. We will
continue to monitor our international holding company structure in light of
regulatory, tax and other developments, to ensure that this strategy continues
to be effective. 

 In 2017, our
General Insurance companies paid approximately $350 million in dividends in the
form of cash and fixed maturity securities to AIG Parent. The fixed maturity
securities primarily included U.S. government and government-sponsored entity
securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal
bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 

 In 2017, our Life
and Retirement companies collectively declared a total of $2.4 billion of dividends,
return of capital and loan repayments. Of this amount, $1.1 billion was paid in
the form of cash, $387 million was paid in the form of fixed maturity
securities, and $890 million was retained at an intermediate life insurance
holding company to fund tax sharing payments to AIG Parent. The Life and
Retirement companies made tax sharing payments to AIG Parent in 2017 totaling
$3.3 billion in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities, primarily as a
result of the Life Insurance Reinsurance Transactions. Fixed maturity
securities used to fund dividends and tax sharing payments included U.S.
government and government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency
mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and certain other
highly rated securities. 

 Credit Facilities 

 We maintain a committed, revolving syndicated credit
facility (the Facility) as a potential source of liquidity for general
corporate purposes. The Facility provides for aggregate commitments by the bank
syndicate to provide unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit
of up to $4.5 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings and is
scheduled to expire in June 2022. 

 As of December
31, 2017, a total of $4.5 billion remains available under the Facility. Our ability
to utilize the Facility is not contingent on our credit ratings. However, our
ability to utilize the Facility is conditioned on the satisfaction of certain
legal, operating, administrative and financial covenants and other requirements
contained in the Facility. These include covenants relating to our maintenance
of a specified total consolidated net worth and total consolidated debt to
total consolidated capitalization. Failure to satisfy these and other
requirements contained in the Facility would restrict our access to the
Facility and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and liquidity. We expect to utilize the Facility from
time to time, and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. 

 
 


 

 132                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 Contractual Obligations 

 The following table summarizes contractual obligations in total,
and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Payments due by Period  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments
   
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,128 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance and investment
  contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   242,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,458 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   976 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
 
   
   Interest payments on
  borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   902 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   654 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Other long-term
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   324,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,263 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53,794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194,989 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,445 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,095 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,636 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,252 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,462 
   
  
 
   
   Interest payments on
  borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   996 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,539 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,987 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Other long-term
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   283 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,193 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,182 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,506 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,128 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance and investment
  contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   242,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,458 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,471 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,104 
   
  
 
   
   Interest payments on
  borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,242 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,917 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,641 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   833 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Other long-term
  obligations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   364,135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,445 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,411 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,784 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   221,495 
   
  
 



 (a)  Primarily
includes contracts to purchase future services and other capital expenditures. 

 (b)  Does
not reflect obligations in connection with the agreement to purchase Validus
Holdings, Ltd., which was entered into on January 21, 2018 and is expected to
close mid-2018 subject to obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals and other
customary closing conditions.  For further discussion of the purchase of Validus
Holdings, Ltd. see Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Also
does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.7 billion.  See Note 23 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

 Loss Reserves 

 Loss reserves
relate to our General Insurance companies and represent estimates of future
loss and loss adjustment expense payments estimated based on historical loss
development payment patterns. Due to the significance of the assumptions used,
the payments by period presented above could be materially different from
actual required payments. We believe that our General Insurance companies
maintain adequate financial resources to meet the actual required payments
under these obligations. 

 Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities 

 Insurance and
investment contract liabilities, including GIC liabilities, relate to our Life
and Retirement companies. These liabilities include various investment-type
products with contractually scheduled maturities, including periodic payments.
These liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a
significant portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated
contractual maturity dates and may not result in any future payment
obligations. For these policies and contracts (i) we are not currently
making payments until the occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or
disability, (ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or
(iii) payment may occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event
beyond our control. 

 We have made
significant assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of
these contractual policy benefits. These assumptions include mortality,
morbidity, future lapse rates, expenses, investment returns and interest
crediting rates, offset by expected future deposits and premiums on in-force
policies. Due to the significance of the assumptions, the periodic amounts
presented could be materially different from actual required payments. The
amounts presented in this table are undiscounted and exceed the future policy
benefits and policyholder contract deposits included in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

 We believe that
our Life and Retirement companies have adequate financial resources to meet the
payments actually required under these obligations. These subsidiaries have
substantial liquidity in the form of cash and short-term investments. In
addition, our Life and Retirement companies maintain significant levels of
investment    grade
rated fixed maturity securities, including substantial  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            133 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 holdings
in government and corporate bonds, and could seek to monetize those holdings in
the event operating cash flows are insufficient. We expect liquidity needs
related to GIC liabilities to be funded through cash flows generated from
maturities and sales of invested assets.  

 Borrowings 

 Our borrowings
exclude those incurred by consolidated investments and include hybrid financial
instrument liabilities recorded at fair value. We expect to repay the long-term
debt maturities and interest accrued on borrowings by AIG through maturing
investments and dispositions of invested assets, future cash flows from
operations, cash flows generated from invested assets, future debt issuance and
other financing arrangements.  Borrowings
supported by assets of AIG include various notes and bonds payable as well as
GIAs that are supported by cash and investments held by AIG Parent and certain
non-insurance subsidiaries for the repayment of those obligations. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 

 The following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and
Commercial Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Amount of Commitment Expiring  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Committed
   
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standby letters of credit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   138 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees of
  indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   813 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments to extend
  credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   323 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of credit    
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,478 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,732 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,147 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   453 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   146 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other guarantees 
    
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   264 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments to extend
  credit (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(f) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   778 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   244 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   205 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees of
  indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments to extend
  credit (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,534 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(f) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,256 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   587 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   351 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
construction guarantees connected to affordable housing investments by our Life
and Retirement companies. Excludes potential amounts for indemnification
obligations included in asset sales agreements.  For further information on
indemnification obligations see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (b)  Includes
commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds and
commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the United States and
abroad. The commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and
other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding
new investments or expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is
estimated in the table above based on the expected life cycle of the related
fund, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. Investors under
these commitments are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries. 


 


 

 134                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 (c)  Does not include guarantees, CMAs or other support
arrangements among AIG consolidated entities. 

 (d)  Primarily
represents liquidity facilities provided in connection with certain municipal
swap transactions and collateralized bond obligations. 

 (e)  Includes
a senior unsecured revolving credit facility between AerCap Ireland Capital
Designated Activity Company (formerly AerCap Ireland Capital Limited), as
borrower, and AIG Parent, as lender (the AerCap Credit Facility). The AerCap
Credit Facility permits loans for general corporate purposes. In December 2017,
the aggregate commitment under the AerCap Credit Facility was reduced to $200
million from $500 million and the termination date of the facility was extended
to October 2019 from May 2019. At December 31, 2017, no amounts were
outstanding under the AerCap Credit Facility. 

 (f)  Excludes
commitments with respect to pension plans. The annual pension contribution for
2018 is expected to be approximately $64 million for U.S. and non-U.S. plans. 

 Tax Matters 

 If the
settlement agreements in principle are concluded in our ongoing dispute related
to the disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross border
financing transactions, we will be required to make a payment to the U.S.
Treasury. Although we can provide no assurance regarding whether the
non-binding settlements will be finalized, the amount we currently expect
to pay based on current proposed settlement terms is approximately $1.3
billion. This amount is net of payments previously made with respect to cross
border financing transactions involving matters dating back to 1997 and other
matters largely related to the same tax years.  There remains uncertainty
with regard to whether the settlements in principle will ultimately be approved
by the relevant authorities as well as the amount and timing of any potential
payments, which are not likely to be made before sometime in 2019. 

   For
additional information regarding this matter see Note 23 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 Arrangements with Variable Interest Entities  

 We enter into
various arrangements with variable interest entities (VIEs) in the normal
course of business, and we consolidate a VIE when we are the primary
beneficiary of the entity. 

 For a further
discussion of our involvement with VIEs see Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements . 

 Indemnification Agreements 

 We are subject
to financial guarantees and indemnity arrangements in connection with our sales
of businesses. These arrangements may be triggered by declines in asset values,
specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities,
litigation developments, or breaches of representations, warranties or
covenants provided by us. These arrangements are typically subject to time
limitations, defined by contract or by operation of law, such as by prevailing
statutes of limitation. Depending on the specific terms of the arrangements,
the maximum potential obligation may or may not be subject to contractual
limitations.  

 For
additional information regarding our indemnification agreements see Note 16 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 We have recorded
liabilities for certain of these arrangements where it is possible to estimate
them. These liabilities are not material in the aggregate. We are unable to
develop a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential payout under some of
these arrangements. Overall, we believe that it is unlikely we will have to
make any material payments under these arrangements. 

 Debt 

 The following table provides the rollforward
of AIG’s total debt outstanding: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
   Repayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (890) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,339 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   (928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,156 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (786) 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,934 
   
  
     
   
  
   375 
   
  
     
   
  
   (613) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (359) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,768) 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or
  guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,696) 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,421 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            135 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 
  
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (543) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   (588) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
   (e)  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,029 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,131) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,219 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,827) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   381 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
 



 (a)  AIG Parent guarantees all such debt,
except for MIP notes payable and Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable,
which are direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral posted to third parties
was $2.0 billion and $2.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
This collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and
government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by
the counterparties. 

 (b)  Primarily represents adjustments to the
fair value of debt. 

 (c)  Includes primarily borrowings with Federal
Home Loan Banks by our U.S. insurance companies.  These borrowings are short
term in nature and related activity is presented net of issuances and
maturities and repayments. 

 (d)  At December 31, 2017, includes debt of
consolidated investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.5
billion, affordable housing partnership investments of $1.8 billion and other
securitization vehicles of $1.7 billion. At December 31, 2016, includes
debt of consolidated investment vehicles related to real estate investments of
$1.9 billion, affordable housing partnership investments of $1.7 billion and
other securitization vehicles of $771 million. 

 (e)  Includes the effect of consolidating
previously unconsolidated partnerships. 

 TOTAL DEBT OUTSTANDING  

 (in millions) 

 
  
   
     
   
     
   
  
 



 Debt Maturities  

 The following table summarizes maturing debt at
December 31, 2017 of AIG (excluding $6.0 billion of borrowings of consolidated
investments) for the next four quarters: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
     
   
  
   Second 
   
  
     
   
  
   Third 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,107 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   349 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   469 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,285 
   
  
 



 See
Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on debt
outstanding. 

 
 


 

 136                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 Credit Ratings 

 Credit ratings
estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect
the cost and availability of financing to that company.  The following table presents the credit ratings of AIG and
certain of its subsidiaries as of February 8, 2018. Figures in parentheses
indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency’s rating
categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating category and not to
the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Short-Term
  Debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior
  Long-Term Debt  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
     
   
  
   Moody’s (a) 
   
  
   S&P (b) 
   
  
   Fitch (c) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   P-2
  (2nd of 3) 
   
  
   A-2
  (2nd of 8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1
  (4th of 9) 
   
  
   BBB+
  (4th of 9) 
   
  
   BBB+
  (4th of 9) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
   Negative
  Outlook 
   
  
   Negative
  Outlook 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Financial Products Corp. (d) 
   
  
   P-2  
   
  
   A-2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1  
   
  
   BBB+ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable
  Outlook 
   
  
   Negative
  Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Moody’s
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show
relative position within the rating categories. 

 (b)  S&P
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories. 

 (c)  Fitch
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative
standing within the major rating categories. 

 (d)  AIG
guarantees all obligations of AIG Financial Products Corp. 

 These
credit ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be
changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result
of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other
circumstances. Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request. 

 We are party to
some agreements that contain “ratings triggers.” Depending on the ratings
maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i)
the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for
accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a
requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties. 

 In the event of
adverse actions on our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies,
AIGFP and certain other AIG entities would be required to post additional
collateral under some derivative transactions or could experience termination
of the transactions. Such requirements and terminations could adversely affect
our business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or
our liquidity. In the event of a further downgrade of AIG’s long-term senior
debt ratings, AIGFP and certain other AIG entities would be required to post
additional collateral, and certain of the counterparties of AIGFP or of such
other AIG entities would be permitted to terminate their contracts early. 

 The actual
amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the
event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be
required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding
affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the
downgrade.  

 For a
discussion of the effects of downgrades in our credit ratings see Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements herein and Part I, Item 1A. Risk
Factors – Liquidity, Capital and Credit.    

 FINANCIAL STRENGTH Ratings 

 Financial Strength ratings estimate an
insurance company’s ability to pay its obligations under an insurance policy.    The following table
presents the ratings of our significant insurance subsidiaries as of February
8, 2018.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   A.M.
  Best 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Fitch 
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
 
   
   National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   Lexington Insurance Company 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   American Home Assurance Company  (US) 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   American General Life Insurance Company 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company  
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Europe Limited  
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   AIG General Insurance Co. Ltd. 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
 



 These
financial strength ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They
may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a
result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other
circumstances.   

 For a
discussion of the effects of downgrades in our financial strength ratings see
Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein and Part I,
Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity, Capital and Credit. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            137 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

   


 
 Regulation and
Supervision  

 For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources see Item 1. Business —
Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation. 

 Dividends and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock
 

 On February 14, 2017, our Board of Directors declared a
cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2017
to shareholders of record on March 15, 2017. On May 3, 2017, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share,
payable on June 28, 2017 to shareholders of record on June 14, 2017.  On August
2, 2017, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on September 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on
September 15, 2017. On November 2, 2017, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on December 22, 2017
to shareholders of record on December 8, 2017.  

 On February 8,
2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2018 to shareholders of record on March
15, 2018. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will depend on various factors, as discussed further in
Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our Board of
Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of actions. On
May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors approved an additional increase of $2.5
billion to the share repurchase authorization.  As of February 8, 2018,
approximately $2.3 billion remained under the authorization. Shares may be
repurchased from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through
forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase
transactions or otherwise (including through the purchase of warrants). 
Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be
effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any future
share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and strategic
plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors. 

 During 2017, we
repurchased approximately 100 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $6.3 billion pursuant to this authorization. 

 Dividend Restrictions  

 Payments of dividends to AIG by its insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities.  

 For a
discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries see
Note  19  to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 



 
  



 


 

 138                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Enterprise
Risk Management 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 



 Risk management includes the identification and measurement of
various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of
processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing
returns. We consider risk management an integral part of managing our core
businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate governance. 

 Overview 

 We have an integrated process
for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our firm‑wide
risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has oversight responsibility for the
management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Department supervises
and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units,
providing senior management with a consolidated view of AIG’s major risk
positions. Within each business unit, senior leaders and executives approve
risk‑taking policies and targeted risk tolerance within the framework
provided by ERM. ERM supports our businesses and management in the embedding of
risk management in our key day-to-day business processes and in identifying,
assessing, quantifying, managing, monitoring, reporting, and mitigating the
risks taken by us and our businesses. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts
may not always be successful and material adverse effects on our business,
results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur . 

 Risk Governance Structure 

 Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control management culture that encompasses all
significant risk categories impacting our lines of business and functions.
Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk policies is aligned
with individual corporate executives, with the risk committees receiving
regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support risk
governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. We review
our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make changes as
appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our risks and risk-taking. 

 Our Board of
Directors oversees the management of risk through its Risk and Capital
Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those committees regularly interact with
other committees of the Board of Directors. Our Chief Risk Officer (CRO)
reports to both the RCC and our Chief Executive Officer  (CEO).  

 The Group Risk Committee (GRC):     The GRC is the senior management group responsible for assessing
all significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial
strength, optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our reputation. The GRC is
chaired by our CRO. Its membership includes our CEO, Chief Financial Officer
(CFO), and other senior executives from across our corporate functions and
business units. Our CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC to both the
RCC and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our CRO is also a member
of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) providing ERM the opportunity to
contribute to, review, monitor and consider the impact of changes in strategy. 

 Management
committees that support the GRC are described below. These committees are
comprised of senior executives and experienced business representatives from a
range of functions and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries.
These committees are charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific
risk matters within their respective mandates. 

 Financial Risk Group (FRG):   The FRG is responsible for the oversight of
financial risks taken by AIG and our subsidiaries. Its mandate includes
overseeing our aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and
model risks, as well as asset - liability management, derivatives activity, and
foreign exchange transactions. It 
provides the primary corporate - level review function for all proposed
transactions and business practices that are significant in size, complex in scope,
or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or regulatory risks.
 The FRG is chaired by our CRO. Membership
of the FRG also includes our CFO, Chief Investment Officer (CIO) and Treasurer. 

 Technology, Operational Risk & Control
Committee (TORCC):   This
committee oversees technology and operational risk management and control
issues and activities across our businesses, functions, and geographic
locations. The TORCC reviews our risk management practices and monitors current
and emerging technology and operational risks, as well as management actions
taken to reduce such risks to acceptable levels within our risk appetite. It
primarily focuses on establishing the firm-wide framework for identifying,
assessing, measuring, managing and monitoring technology and operational risks.
The TORCC addresses firm-wide, rather than business-specific issues and is
mandated to prioritize technology and operational improvements that are
significant and transformational.  The TORCC
also provides a forum for senior management to assess our business technology
and operational risk profiles that may affect our strategic objectives. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            139 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 The scope of the TORCC includes, but is not limited to,
Operational Risk Management, Technology Risk Management, Model Risk Management,
Information Security, Compliance, Sarbanes Oxley, Disaster Recovery, Project
Risk Management and Vendor Risk Management. 

 The TORCC is an
authorized sub-committee of our GRC and supports the GRC in its risk management
oversight role.    The TORCC is co-chaired by our
CRO and our CIO. Membership of the TORCC also includes Owners of the Control
Agenda (OCA), Business Information Officers, and members of the various control
and assurance functions. 

 In addition, the
TORCC may form, and delegate authority to, sub-committees or working groups
which oversee Technology and Operational risk-related matters on its behalf
with periodic reporting to the TORCC. 

 Business Unit Risk Committees:   Each of our major insurance businesses has established a
risk committee that serves as the senior management committee responsible for
risk oversight at the individual business unit level. The risk committees are
responsible for the identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of
risk within their respective portfolios. Specific responsibilities include
setting risk tolerances, reviewing the capital allocation framework, insurance
portfolio optimization, and providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. In
addition, each business unit has established subordinate committees at the
legal entity level and has working groups in place that support these
committees in executing their duties, such as ensuring policies are adhered to,
and transactions are completed with risk appetite in mind. Together, these
committees provide comprehensive risk oversight throughout the organization.  

    

 
 


 

 140                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement 

 Risk Appetite
Framework 

 Our Risk Appetite Framework integrates
stakeholder interests, strategic business goals and available financial
resources. We balance these by seeking to take measured risks that are expected
to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value for our
shareholders. The framework includes our risk appetite statement approved by
the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and a set of supporting tools,
including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our
risk profile and financial resources.   

 We articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk
tolerances and thresholds on capital and liquidity measures. These measures are
set at the AIG Parent level as well as the legal entity level and cover
consolidated and insurance company capital and liquidity ratios. We must comply
with standards for capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet
all our obligations as they come due in accordance with our internal capital
management and liquidity policies. Our risk tolerances take into consideration
regulatory requirements, rating agency expectations, and business needs. The
GRC routinely reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated organization
in relation to the established risk tolerances. A consolidated risk report is
also presented periodically, as required, to the RCC by our CRO. 

 Risk Limits 

 A key component of
our Risk Appetite Framework is having a process in place that establishes and
maintains appropriate limits on the material risks identified for our core
businesses and facilitates monitoring and meeting of both internal and external
stakeholder expectations. Our objectives include: 

 •       Establishing
risk monitoring, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring timely
oversight and enforceability of limits; 

 •       Defining
a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance; and 

 •       Aligning
our business activities with our risk appetite statement.  

 To support the
monitoring and management of AIG’s and its business units’ material risks, ERM
has an established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy:  

 •       Board-level risk tolerances  are AIG’s aggregate
capital and liquidity limits. They define the minimum level of capital and
liquidity that we should maintain. These board-level risk tolerances require
RCC approval. 

 •       AIG management level limits  are risk type specific
limits at the AIG consolidated level. These limits are defined and calibrated
to constrain our concentration in specific risk types, to protect against
taking risks that exceed the amount of overall capital AIG has available, and
to protect against excess earnings volatility. These limits are approved by our
CRO with consultation from the GRC. 

 •       BU and legal entity level limits  are set to address
key risks identified by ERM for the business unit and legal entities, protect
capital and liquidity at legal entities and/or meet legal entity specific
requirements of regulators and rating agencies. These limits are defined by the
business unit and legal entity risk officers. 

 All limits are reviewed by the FRG, GRC or relevant
business unit risk committees on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable,
are approved by those committees. 

 The business units are responsible for measuring and
monitoring their risk exposures. ERM is responsible for monitoring compliance with
limits and providing regular, timely reporting to our senior management and
risk committees. Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner
and are documented and escalated in accordance with their level of severity or
materiality.   

 Risk Identification and Measurement 

 One tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite
Framework is risk identification. We conduct risk identification through a
number of processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on
capturing our material risks and key areas of focus for follow-up risk management
actions. A key initiative is our  integrated bottom-up
risk identification and assessment process down to the product-line level .
These processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our
analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization. 

 We employ various approaches to measure, monitor, and manage
risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and early
warning indicators. We use a proprietary internal capital and stress testing
framework to measure our quantifiable risks for both insurance and
non-insurance operations.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            141 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 The internal capital framework
quantifies our aggregate economic risk at a given confidence interval, after
taking into account a level of diversification benefits between risk factors
and business lines. We leverage the internal capital framework to help inform
our consolidated risk consumption and profile as well as risk and capital
allocation for our businesses. 

 The stress testing framework measures risk over multiple
time horizons and under different levels of stress. We develop a range of
stress scenarios based on both internal experience and regulatory guidance. The
stress tests are intended to ensure that sufficient resources are available
under both idiosyncratic and systemic market stress conditions. 

 The stress testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure
to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the risk in
each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its capital needs
under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and
risks to AIG consolidated capital. We use this information to determine the
resources needed at the AIG Parent level to support our subsidiaries and
capital resources required to maintain consolidated company target
capitalization levels. 

 
  
   
   We evaluate and manage risk in material topics as shown
  below. These topics are discussed in more detail in the following pages :  
   
  
 
   
   •       
   Credit Risk Management 
   
  
   •       
   Liquidity Risk Management  
   
  
   •       
   Insurance Risks 
   
  
 
   
   •       
   Market Risk Management 
   
  
   •       
   Operational Risk Management 
   
  
   •       
   Other Business Risks 
   
  
 



 Credit Risk Management 

 Overview 

 Credit risk is defined as the risk that our
customers or counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual
obligations when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade
of a counterparty’s credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads. 

 We devote considerable resources to managing our direct and
indirect credit exposures. These exposures may arise from, but are not limited
to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper
investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate
and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising
from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance
risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees, letters of credit, and
certain General Insurance businesses.  

 Governance 

 Our credit risks are managed
by teams of credit professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various control
processes. Their primary role is to assure appropriate credit risk management
in accordance with our credit policies and procedures relative to our credit
risk parameters. Our Chief Credit Officer (CCO) and credit executives are
primarily responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of a
risk management framework, which includes the following elements related to our
credit risks:   

 •       developing
and implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures; 

 •       approving
delegated credit authorities to our credit executives and qualified credit
professionals; 

 •       developing
methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the
establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process; 

 •       managing
a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval process for
credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of risk that may
exist or be incurred; 

 •       evaluating,
monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and concentrations
regularly with senior management; and 

 •       approving
appropriate credit reserves, credit-related other-than-temporary impairments
and corresponding methodologies for all credit portfolios. 

 We monitor and
control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid
unwanted or excessive risk accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. To
minimize the level of credit risk in some circumstances, we may require
mitigants, such as third‑party guarantees, reinsurance or collateral,
including commercial bank-issued letters of credit and trust collateral
accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance recoverables, and letters of
credit as credit exposure and include them in our risk concentration exposure
data. We also monitor closely the quality of any trust collateral accounts.  

 For further information on our credit concentrations and
credit exposures see Investments – Available-for-Sale Investments. 

 


 

 142                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Our credit risk
management framework incorporates the following elements: 

 


 
  
   
   Risk Identification 
   
  
   including the ongoing capture and monitoring of all
  existing, contingent, potential and emerging credit risk exposures, whether
  funded or unfunded 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Measurement 
   
  
   comprising risk ratings, default probabilities, loss
  given default and expected loss parameters, exposure calculations, stress
  testing and other risk analytics 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Limits 
   
  
   including, but not limited to, a system of single
  obligor or risk group-based AIG-wide house limits and sub-limits for
  corporates, financial institutions, sovereigns and sub-sovereigns when
  appropriate and a defined process for identifying, evaluating, documenting
  and approving, if appropriate, breaches of and exceptions to such limits 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Delegations 
   
  
   a comprehensive credit risk delegation framework from
  the CCO to authorized credit professionals throughout the company 
   
  
 
   
   Risk Evaluation, Monitoring and Reporting 
   
  
   including the ongoing analysis and assessment of
  credit risks, trending of those risks and reporting of other key risk metrics
  and limits to the CCO and senior management, as may be required 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Reserving 
   
  
   including but not limited to development of a proper
  framework, policies and procedures for establishing accurate identification
  of (i) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses, and (ii) other-than-temporary
  impairments for securities portfolios 
   
  
 



 Market Risk Management 

 Market risk is
defined as the risk of adverse impact due to systemic movements in one or more
of the following market risk drivers:  equity and commodity prices, residential
and commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign
exchange, inflation, and their levels of volatility.  

 We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and
other financial services businesses that expose us to market risk, directly and
indirectly. We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and
capital markets activities, on both the asset and liability side of our balance
sheet through on- and off-balance sheet exposures. The Risk Officer within each
business is responsible for creating a framework to properly identify these
risks, then ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and
managed in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the
Chief Market Risk Officer (CMRO).  

 The scope and magnitude of our market risk exposures is
managed under a robust framework that contains defined risk limits and minimum
standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our risk
appetite statement. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying
the financial repercussions of changes in these broad market observables, as
opposed to the idiosyncratic risks associated with individual assets that are
addressed through our credit risk management function. 

 Many of our market risk exposures related to interest rates
and equity returns are associated with our Life and Retirement companies and
relate to both asset and liability exposures. In addition, these exposures are
long-term in nature. Examples of liability-related exposures include interest
rate sensitive surrenders in our fixed deferred annuity product portfolio.
Also, we have equity market risk sensitive surrenders in our variable annuity
product portfolio. These interactive asset-liability types of risk exposures
are regularly monitored in accordance with the risk governance framework noted
above. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            143 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Risk
Identification 

 Market risk focuses on quantifying the financial
repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market-observable
risks. Financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of
operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital. 

 

 Each of the following systemic risks is
considered a market risk: 

 


 
  
   
   Equity prices 
   
  
   We are exposed to changes in equity market prices
  affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can affect the
  valuation of publicly traded equity shares, investments in private equity,
  hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other equity-linked
  capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance products,
  including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities, indexed
  universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance. 
   
  
 
   
   Residential and
  commercial real estate values 
   
  
   Our investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of
  changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real estate
  investments. Changes in residential/commercial real estate prices can affect
  the valuation of residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial
  mortgage‑backed securities and other structured securities with underlying
  assets that include residential/commercial mortgages, trusts that include
  residential/commercial real estate and/or mortgages, residential mortgage
  insurance and reinsurance contracts and commercial real estate investments. 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rates 
   
  
   Interest rate risk can arise from a mismatch in the
  interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower interest rates
  generally result in lower investment income and make some of our product
  offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher interest rates are
  typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However, when rates rise
  quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric GAAP accounting effect where the
  existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in Other
  comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of related
  liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can affect the
  valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance
  contracts including but not limited to universal life, fixed rate annuities,
  variable annuities and derivative contracts. 
   
  
 
   
   Credit spreads 
   
  
   Credit spreads measure an instrument’s risk premium
  or yield relative to that of a comparable duration, default‑free
  instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the valuation of fixed
  maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate bonds, ABS,
  mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt obligations, credit derivatives
  and derivative credit valuation adjustments. Much like higher interest rates,
  wider credit spreads with unchanged default losses mean more investment
  income in the long term. In the short term, quickly rising spreads will cause
  a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities, which is largely
  reported in Other comprehensive income. A precipitous widening of credit
  spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit worthiness of
  bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses. 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  (FX) rates 
   
  
   We are a globally diversified enterprise with income,
  assets and liabilities denominated in, and capital deployed in, a variety of
  currencies. Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of
  balance sheet and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash
  flows exchanged in specific transactions. 
   
  
 
   
   Commodity prices 
   
  
   Changes in commodity prices (the value of
  commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‑traded commodities,
  commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity indices. We
  are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on the prices
  and credit quality of commodity producers’ debt and equity securities in our
  investment portfolio. 
   
  
 
   
   Inflation 
   
  
   Changes in inflation can affect the valuation of
  fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt obligations, derivatives
  and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and insurance
  contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly, via
  indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels. 
   
  
 




 


 

 144                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Governance 

 Market risk is overseen
at the corporate level within ERM through the CMRO, who reports directly to the
CRO. The CMRO is supported by a dedicated team of professionals within ERM.
Market Risk is managed by our finance, treasury and investment management
corporate functions, collectively, and in partnership with ERM. The CMRO is
primarily responsible for the development and maintenance of a risk management
framework that includes the following key components: 

 •       written
policies that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and
provide clear guidance regarding their execution and management;  

 •       a
limit framework that aligns with our Board-approved risk appetite statement; 

 •       independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and 

 •       clearly
defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and
responsibilities related to market risk management. 

 •       These
components facilitate the CMRO’s identification, measurement, monitoring,
reporting and management of our market risks.   

 Risk Measurement  

 Our market risk measurement framework was
developed with the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our
market risk exposures. At the firm‑wide level market risk is measured in
a manner that is consistent with AIG’s risk appetite statement. This is
designed to ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and
can determine how much additional market risk taking capacity is available
within our framework. Our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of
capital and liquidity levels. At the market risk level, the framework measures
our overall exposure to each systemic market risk change on an economic basis. 

 In addition, we continue to use enhanced economic, GAAP
accounting and statutory capital‑based risk measures at the market risk
level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide levels. This process aims
to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of our market risk
exposures. 

 

 We use a number of approaches to measure our
market risk exposure, including: 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Examples include: 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity analysis 
   
  
   measures the impact from a unit change in a market
  risk input 
   
  
   •       a one basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity
  securities,  
   •       a one basis point increase in credit spreads of fixed
  maturity securities, and  
   •       a one percent increase in prices of equity
  securities. 
   
  
 
   
   Scenario analysis 
   
  
   uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
  macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures 
   
  
   •       a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve,
  or  
   •       a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease
  in world‑wide equity markets.  
   Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to
  arrive at a probability distribution of losses. 
   
  
 
   
   Stress testing 
   
  
   a special form of scenario analysis in which the
  scenarios are designed to lead to a material adverse outcome 
   
  
   •       the stock market crash of October 1987 or the
  widening of yields or spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            145 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Market Risk
Sensitivities 

 The following table provides estimates of our sensitivity to
changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Balance
  Sheet Exposure 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Economic
  Effect 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31,  
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate sensitive assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,784 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,998) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,745) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,799 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,113 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,566) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,352) 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (749) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,343) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,762) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (416) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (329) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total interest rate sensitive assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   276,805 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   276,089 
   
  
   (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17,830) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17,833) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate sensitive liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment-type contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,705 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity and other embedded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,148 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,175) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,061) 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,445 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,834 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,803) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,791) 
   
  
 
   
   Total interest rate sensitive liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   142,919 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   140,597 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,472) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,765) 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20% decline in stock prices and value of 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   derivatives and alternative investments 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity and alternative investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   exposure: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Real estate investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,258 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,900 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,652) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,249 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,450) 
   
  
 
   
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,130 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,108) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
 
   
   Common equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (243) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (274) 
   
  
 
   
   PICC Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   439 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   946 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (189) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, equity and alternative 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   investments exposure 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,592 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,640 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,518) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,728) 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity and other embedded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   derivatives (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   888 
   
  
 
   
   Total liability exposure 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   888 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10% depreciation of all foreign currency  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   exchange rates against the U.S. dollar 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   asset position: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Great Britain pound 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,274 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (203) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
 
   
   Japanese yen 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (235) 
   
  
 
   
   Euro 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,349 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,000 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (200) 
   
  
 
   
   All other foreign currencies 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,533 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (253) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
 
   
   Total foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   asset position (d)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,829 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (656) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (983) 
   
  
 




 


 

 146                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 (a)  At December 31, 2017, the
analysis covered $276.8 billion of $289.6 billion interest-rate sensitive
assets. Excluded were $8.2 billion of loans. In addition, $4.6 billion of
assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling
limitations. At December 31, 2016, the analysis covered $276.1 billion of
$291.7 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were $8.1 billion of
loans and $2.5 billion of investments in life settlements. In addition, $5.0
billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling
limitations.  

 (b)   At December 31, 2017, the analysis excluded $6.0 billion of
long-term debt related to debt of consolidated investments, $642 million of
AIGLH borrowings, $190 million of borrowings from the FHLB and $334 million of
AIG Japan Holdings loans.    At December 31, 2016, the analysis excluded $4.4 billion of
long-term debt related to debt of consolidated investments, $642 million of
AIGLH borrowings, $735 million of borrowings from the FHLB and $330 million of
AIG Japan Holdings loans.    

 (c)  The balance sheet exposures for equity
contracts and variable annuity and other embedded derivatives are also
reflected under “Interest rate sensitive liabilities” above, and are not
additive. 

 (d)  The majority of the foreign currency
exposure is reported on a one quarter lag. 

 The sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed
as predictive of our future financial performance. We cannot ensure that our
actual losses in any particular period will not exceed the amounts indicated
above. 

 We use duration and convexity metrics to measure price sensitivity
to interest rate changes for interest rate sensitive assets excluding
derivatives and long-term debt. Duration measures the relative sensitivity of
the fair value of a financial instrument to changes in interest rates.
Convexity measures the rate of change of duration with respect to changes in
interest rates. 

 Interest rate sensitivity of a derivative is
calculated as change in its value with respect to plus a 100 basis point change
in the interest rate environment, calculated as: scenario value minus base
value, where base value is the value of the derivative under the yield curves
as of the period end and scenario value is the value reflecting a 100 basis
point parallel increase in all yield curves .  

 We evaluate our interest rate risk without the
effect of any correlation among other key market risks or other assumptions
used for calculating the fair value of our financial liabilities and embedded
derivatives. This scenario does not measure changes in value resulting from
non-parallel shifts in the yield curve, which could produce different results.  

 We evaluate our equity price risk without the
effect of any correlation among other key market risks or other assumptions
used for calculating the fair value of our financial liabilities and embedded
derivatives. This scenario considers the direct impact of declines in equity
prices and not changes in asset-based fees, changes in the estimated gross
profits used for amortizing DAC, or changes in any other assumptions used to
calculate the fair value of the embedded derivatives related to the living
benefit features within variable annuity products. In addition, this scenario
does not reflect the impact of basis risk, such as projections about the future
performance of the underlying contract holder funds and actual fund returns,
which we use as a basis for developing our hedging strategy. 

 Foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our
consolidated non‑U.S. dollar assets less our consolidated non‑U.S
dollar liabilities on a GAAP basis, with certain adjustments. We use a
bottom-up approach in managing our foreign currency exchange rate exposures
with the objective of protecting statutory capital at the regulated insurance
entity level. At the AIG Parent level, we monitor our foreign currency
exposures against single currency and aggregate currency portfolio limits.  

 Our
foreign currency-denominated net asset position at December 31, 2017, decreased
by $3.3 billion compared to December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due
to a $1.7 billion decrease in our Japanese yen position primarily due to the
sale of Fuji Life and the unwinding of certain yen hedges; a $0.7 billion
decrease in our euro position primarily due to the issuance of  € 1.0 billion euro denominated
debt; and a $248 million decrease in our British pound position primarily due
to an increase in reserves.    

 For
illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based on a 100 basis point
increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in equities and alternative
assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all foreign currency exchange
rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results presented in the table
above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a demonstration of the
potential effects of such events .  

 The sensitivity factors utilized for 2017 and
presented above were selected based on historical data from 1997 to 2017, as
follows  (see the table below) :  

 •       a
100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield; 

 •       a
20 percent drop for equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent
with a one standard deviation movement in the S&P 500; and 

 •       a
10 percent depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a
one standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Japanese yen (JPY)
exchange rate. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            147 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Scenario as 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   2017
  as a Multiple 
   
  
   Original
  2016 Scenario (based 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Standard 
   
  
   Suggested 
   
  
   a
  Multiple of 
   
  
   Change/ 
   
  
   of
  Standard 
   
  
   on
  Standard Deviation for 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Period 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   2017
  Scenario 
   
  
   Standard
  Deviation 
   
  
   Return 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   1996-2016
  Period) 
   
  
 
   
   10-Year Treasury 
   
  
   1997-2017 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   0.99 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
   1997-2017 
   
  
   0.18 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
   1.14 
   
  
   0.19 
   
  
   1.11 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
 
   
   USD/JPY 
   
  
   1997-2017 
   
  
   0.11 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
   0.88 
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
   0.33 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
 



 Risk Monitoring and Limits 

 The risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by
the business units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and
escalation and remediation of limit breaches. Such activities must be reported
to the ERM Market Risk team by the relevant business unit. This monitoring
approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 To control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a
three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the CMRO closely monitors and reports to
our CRO, senior management and risk committees.  

 For further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits see Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits
herein .  

 Liquidity Risk Management 

 Liquidity risk is
defined as the risk that our financial condition will be adversely affected by
the inability or perceived inability to meet our short-term cash, collateral or
other financial obligations. Failure to appropriately manage liquidity risk can
result in insolvency, reduced operating flexibility, increased costs,
reputational harm and regulatory action.  

 AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient
liquidity both during the normal course of business and under defined liquidity
stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash will be available to meet the
obligations as they come due. 

 AIG Parent liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to
allow us to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six months under a
liquidity stress scenario. We maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage
ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are met under varying market
conditions. If we project that we will breach these tolerances, we will assess
and determine appropriate liquidity management actions. However, the market
conditions in effect at that time may not permit us to achieve an increase in
liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity requirements. 

 Risk Identification 

 

 The following sources of liquidity and funding
risks could impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they
come due. 

 


 
  
   
   Market/Monetization Risk 
   
  
   Assets may not be readily transformed into cash due
  to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may limit our ability
  to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity needs. 
   
  
 
   
   Cash Flow Mismatch Risk 
   
  
   Discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or gaps
  over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business conditions
  may create future liquidity shortfalls. 
   
  
 
   
   Event Funding Risk 
   
  
   Additional funding may be required as the result of a
  trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a
  downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that creates
  a funding obligation or limits existing funding options. 
   
  
 
   
   Financing Risk 
   
  
   We may be unable to raise additional cash on a
  secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions, AIG-specific
  issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional funding. 
   
  
 



 Governance 

 Liquidity risk is overseen at the corporate level
within ERM. The CRO has responsibility for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk
Management Framework and delegates the day-to-day implementation of this
framework to the AIG Treasurer. Our corporate treasury function manages
liquidity risk, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. 

 The Liquidity Risk Management Framework is guided by the
liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the Board-approved risk appetite
statement.   The principal objective of this
framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our
long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and to meet
short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed
conditions.  


 


 

 148                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Our Liquidity Risk Management
Framework includes a number of liquidity and funding policies and monitoring
tools to address AIG-specific, broader industry and market-related liquidity
events. 

 Risk Measurement 

 Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal
conditions are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity
risk. We produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons
that incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and
likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by identifying
liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our
cash flow and liquidity. 

 

 We use a number of approaches to measure our
liquidity risk exposure, including: 

 


 
  
   
   Minimum Liquidity Limits 
   
  
   Minimum Liquidity Limits specify the amount of assets
  required to be maintained in specific liquidity portfolios to meet
  obligations as they arise over a specified time horizon under stressed
  liquidity conditions. 
   
  
 
   
   Coverage Ratios 
   
  
   Coverage Ratios measure the adequacy of available
  liquidity sources, including the ability to monetize assets to meet the
  forecasted cash flows over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of assets
  is selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash under the
  assumed market conditions and within the specified time horizon. 
   
  
 
   
   Cash Flow Forecasts 
   
  
   Cash Flow Forecasts measure the liquidity needed for
  a specific legal entity over a specified time horizon. 
   
  
 
   
   Stress Testing 
   
  
   Asset liquidity and   Coverage Ratios are re-measured under defined
  liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets
  and/or other funding sources. 
   
  
 



 Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and
reported regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The
frequency, content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit
and legal entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size. 

 Operational Risk M anagement 

 Overview 

 Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss,
or other adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal
processes, people, systems, or from external events. Operational risk includes
legal, regulatory, and compliance risks, and excludes business and strategy
risks.  

 Operational risk is inherent in each of our
business units and functions and can have many impacts, including but not
limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to
negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory agencies and operational
and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer relationships. 

 Governance 

 Our operational risk governance sets the
requirements necessary to embed a risk management culture throughout the
organization. AIG and its consolidated subsidiaries establish and maintain
operational risk and controls governance forums that include representatives
from the relevant business units and corporate functions to appropriately
manage significant operational risk exposures. At an enterprise level, the
TORCC oversees operational risk. The TORCC addresses firm-wide rather than
business-specific issues and is mandated to prioritize technology and
operational improvements that are significant and transformational.   

 Operational risk is overseen at the corporate
level within ERM through the Head of AIG Operational and Technology Controls,
who reports directly to our CRO. The Head of AIG Operational and Technology
Controls is responsible for the development and maintenance of the operational
risk framework that includes policies, standards and deployment of systems.    

 Risk Identification, Measurement and Monitoring 

 The ORM function within ERM oversees the
operational risk policy and integrated risk and control framework, which
includes risk identification, assessment, measurement, management and monitoring
of operational risk exposures. ORM supports the TORCC and has responsibility to
provide an aggregate view of our operational risk profile.   As part of the framework, we employ a Three
Lines of Defense model whereby the first line consists of business units and
corporate functions that own and manage AIG risks, the second line consists of
ERM and other control functions and serves as an independent advisor to the
first line and has risk oversight  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            149 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 responsibilities,
and the third line consists of our Internal Audit Group that provides
independent assurance covering aspects of the First and Second Lines of
Defense, in each case, to strengthen the governance, capability and delivery of
operational risk management tools and methods. A key area of ongoing
development is to have business leaders assume ownership and accountability for
the risks and controls in their operating units, including support functions,
for the operational risks that arise in their own processes and activities. In
line with the Three Lines of Defense Model, the ORM programs include, but are
not limited to, several key components outlined below: 

 •       Risk
Event Capture – enables every employee to identify, document, and escalate
operational risk events, with a view to enhancing processes and promoting
lessons learned.  

 •       Risk
Assessments – allows for the assessment, measurement and management of the key
operational risks within our business units and helps inform on the efficacy of
our control environment.  

 •       Key
Risk Indicators – enhances the ongoing monitoring and mitigation of operational
risks and facilitate risk reporting. 

 •       Issues
Management – enables a consistent tracking of issues across the firm, including
policy and process exceptions, control deficiencies and findings from risk and
control assessment activities.   

 •       Scenario
Analyses – executed by first- and second-line professionals to identify potential
risks that could result in financial losses in order to identify the financial
implications of the risk to the firm and support the prioritization of
operational risk treatment.   

 ORM, working together with other control and
assurance functions (e.g., Compliance, Financial Controls Unit / Sarbanes Oxley,
Global Business Continuity, and Internal Audit) through the integrated risk and
control framework, provides an independent view of operational risks for each
business, and works with the business unit CRO and business unit OCA to
facilitate implementation of the above programs. This includes coverage of
operational risks related to core insurance activities, investing, model risk,
technology (including cyber security, identify and access management, data
privacy and data security), third-party providers, as well as compliance and
regulatory matters. Based on the results of the risk identification and
assessment efforts above, business leaders are accountable for tracking and
remediating identified issues in line with our risk-monitoring procedures.
Governance committees support these efforts and promote transparency enabling
improved management decision making.  

 
  
   
   An integrated risk and control framework
  facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational risk issues.  To
  accomplish this, our integrated risk and control framework is designed to: 
   
  
 
   
   •       
   ensure first line accountability
  and ownership of risks and controls;  
   •       
   promote role clarity among the
  business and risk and control functions; 
   •       
   enhance transparency, risk
  management governance and culture; 
   •       
   foster greater consistency in
  identifying, measuring and ranking material risks; 
   •       
   proactively address potential
  risk issues and assign clear ownership and accountability for risk treatment;
  and 
   •       
   manage the development of
  technology solutions that support the objectives above. 
   
  
 



 Insurance  Risks 

 Insurance risk is defined as risk arising from
the uncertainty around the actual experience and/or policyholder behavior being
materially different than expected at the inception of an insurance contract.
These uncertainties include the amount and timing of cash flows from premiums,
commissions, expenses, claims and claim settlement expenses paid or received
under a contract. 

 Except as described above, we manage our business
risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in
managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted
return on equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk
selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the
risk accepted.   

 We operate our insurance businesses on a
global basis, and we are exposed to a wide variety of risks with different time
horizons. We manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and
locally, through a number of procedures: 

 •       pre-launch
approval of product design, development and distribution; 

 •       underwriting
approval processes and authorities; 

 •       exposure
limits with ongoing monitoring; 

 •       management
of relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging; 

 •       enhanced
pricing models; 


 


 

 150                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 •     
 modeling and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations
at multiple levels (policy, line of business, product group, country, individual/group,
correlation and catastrophic risk events); 

 •       compliance
with financial reporting and capital and solvency targets; 

 •       use
of reinsurance, both internal and third-party; and 

 •       review
and challenge of reserves to ensure comprehensive analysis with established
escalation procedures to provide appropriate transparency in reserving
decisions and judgments made in the establishment of reserves. 

 We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring
and controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of
business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the
premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk
using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions
(stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches. 

 Risk Identification 

 •     
 General Insurance
companies —  risks covered include property, casualty,
fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation, and management liability. We
manage risks in the General Insurance business through aggregations and
limitations of concentrations at multiple levels: policy, line of business,
geography, industry and legal entity.  

 •       Life and Retirement companies —   risks include
mortality and morbidity in the insurance-oriented products and insufficient
cash flows to cover contract liabilities and longevity risk in the retirement
savings-oriented products. We manage risks through product design, sound
medical and non-medical underwriting, and external reinsurance programs. 

 We
purchase reinsurance for our insurance operations.   Reinsurance
facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations)
and capital planning. We may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of
our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a
consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and
manage global catastrophe risks. 

 Governance 

 Insurance risks are monitored
at the business unit level within ERM and overseen by the business unit chief
risk officer, who reports directly to our CRO. The framework includes the
following key components: 

 •       written
policies that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities;  

 •       a
limit framework focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our
Board-approved risk appetite statement; and 

 •       clearly
defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and
responsibilities related to insurance risk management. 

 Risk Measurement,
Monitoring and Limits 

 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to
  measure our insurance risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Stochastic methods.  Stochastic methods are
  used to measure and monitor risks including natural catastrophe, reserve and
  premium risk. We develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our
  exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in
  the case of catastrophe risk. 
   Scenario analysis.  Scenario or deterministic
  analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as terrorism or to
  estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios. 
   
  
 



 In addition, we monitor concentrations of
exposure through insurance limits aggregated along dimensions such as
geography, industry, or counterparty. 

 The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units
include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities are reported to management by
the relevant business unit for informative decision-making on a regular basis.
This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 Risk limits have a consistent framework used across AIG, its
business units, and legal entities. This includes escalation thresholds in
cases where measurement is particularly challenging.   

 For further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits see Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits
herein.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            151 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 General Insurance Companies’ Key
Risks 

 We manage our risks through risk review and
selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles,
self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. This
management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and
the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions
for insurance. Underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate
historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and
judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes. 

 For General Insurance companies, risks
primarily include the following: 

 •       Loss Reserves –  The  potential
inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the General Insurance companies.
There is significant uncertainty in factors that may drive the ultimate development
of losses compared to our estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses. We
manage this uncertainty through internal controls and oversight of the loss
reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external experts.  For further
information see Critical Accounting Estimates – Insurance Liabilities – Loss
Reserves herein. 

 •     
 Underwriting –  The po tential
inadequacy of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in
our portfolios can impact the General Insurance companies’ ability to achieve
an underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and
expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and
complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to
generate underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic
conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of
claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or
unexpected or increased costs or expenses.  

 •     
 Catastrophe Exposure –  Our
business is exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can
occur and affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year. Natural
disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other catastrophes, have the potential
to adversely affect our operating results. Other risks, such as man-made
catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also adversely affect our business and
operating results to the extent they are covered by our insurance products.
Concentration of exposure in certain industries or geographies may cause us to
suffer disproportionate losses. 

 •     
 Single Risk Loss Exposure –  Our
business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses
from a single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in
loss activity for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable
limits established by our GRC through a combination of internal underwriting
standards and external reinsurance. Furthermore, single risk loss exposure is managed
and monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis.  

 •     
 Reinsurance –  Since  we
use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with
reinsurance including the unrecoverability of expected payments from reinsurers
due to either an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not
respond properly to the event or actual reinsurance coverage that is different
than anticipated.  The inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit
risk and is monitored through our credit risk management framework. 

 Natural Catastrophe Risk 

 We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple
approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss
(PML) modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing
catastrophe reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital
markets in addition to other reinsurance protections. 

 We use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools
to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and
associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary
multi-model approach to account for relative strengths and weaknesses of vendor
models, and make adjustments to modeled losses to account for loss adjustment
expenses, model biases, data quality and non-modeled risks. 

 We perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model
weaknesses, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities.  Lessons learned from  post-catastrophe event  studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting
processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies exposed to
catastrophic risks are one-year contracts that allow us to adjust our underwriting
guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period.  

 We recognize that climate change has implications for
insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels
of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate
science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing
models and strategic planning. For example, we continually consider changes in
climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process.
In addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and
services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change,
including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development,
underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to
and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. 


 


 

 152                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Our natural catastrophe exposure
is primarily driven by the U.S. and Japan, though our overall exposure is
diversified across multiple countries. For example, we have exposures to
additional perils such as European windstorms and floods and seismic events
across the Pacific Rim. Within the U.S., we have significant hurricane exposure
in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, the Northeast U.S. and mid-Atlantic regions.
Events impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic may result in a higher
share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our relative share
of exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we have significant earthquake
exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions.
Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions may result
in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our
relative share of exposure in these regions. 

 The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively.   

 The following table presents an overview of OEP modeled
losses for top perils and countries:  

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of
  2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of
  2018 
   
  
   Percent
  of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross  
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance,
  After Tax (d) 
   
  
   Shareholder
  Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exposures: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100) (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,767 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Earthquake
  (1-in-250) (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese Wind (1-in-100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese Earthquake
  (1-in-250) (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,043 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   441 
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  The U.S. hurricane amount includes losses
to Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge. 

 (b)  U.S. earthquake loss estimates represent
exposure to Property, Workers’ Compensation (U.S.) and A&H business lines. 

 (c)  Japan Earthquake represents exposure to
Property and A&H business lines. 

 (d)  Taxed at statutory rate of 21 percent and
30 percent for the U.S. and Japanese modeled losses, respectively. 

 The OEP estimates provided above reflect our
in-force portfolios at September 30, 2017, for both U.S. and Japan exposures.
The catastrophe reinsurance program is as of January 1, 2018. 

 AIG, along with other property casualty insurance and
reinsurance companies, uses industry-recognized catastrophe models and applies
proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. The
use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially change the
projected losses. Since there is no industry standard for assumptions and
preparation of insured data for use in these models, our modeled losses may not
be comparable to estimates made by other companies.  

 Also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that
all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the
reinsurance arrangements and all catastrophe bonds attach and pay as modeled.
However, reinsurance recoverable may not be fully collectible. In particular,
the use of catastrophe bonds may not provide commensurate levels of protection
compared to traditional reinsurance transactions. Therefore, these estimates
are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our exposure to these
events.  

 Our 2018 catastrophe reinsurance program
provides protection on both an aggregate and occurrence basis with respect to
North American exposures including United States, Canada, Mexico and the
Caribbean. 

 •       Aggregate protection  protects us against a
high frequency of losses from certain events including windstorm, severe
convective storm, earthquake, wildfire, and flood. Under this part of the
program, AIG can recover up to $2.75 billion of aggregate losses in excess of
$750 million. The event deductible is $100 million initially, but increases to
$250 million for individual events greater than $750 million after the $750
million aggregate retention is exhausted. This protection will also cover a
large event, providing coverage of up to $2 billion after the aggregate
retention of $750 million is exhausted.     

 •       Occurrence protection  is provided primarily on
a $2 billion excess of $2 billion basis, with one reinstatement, with an
additional $750 million excess of $4 billion on top of that but with no
reinstatement. The $750 million excess of $4 billion layer is shared with the
top $750 million layer of aggregate protections, such that, only a total of
$750 million of limit is available across those two layers.  

 Additional multi-year coverages purchased in
prior years provide additional coverage at various points of the program,
including $125 million that is part of $500 million excess of $4.5 billion
coverage from the catastrophe bond reinsurance contract we entered into with
Tradewynd Re Ltd. in 2014. 

 In addition, we continue to purchase specific covers to
protect against catastrophic events in Japan and have also purchased protection
against severe losses for other international locations on a global basis. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            153 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Actual results in any period are likely
to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled scenarios. The occurrence of one or
more severe events could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and liquidity.  

 For additional information see also Item 1A. Risk Factors
— Reserves and Exposures. 

 Terrorism Risk 

 We
actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist
attacks . We have set risk limits based on
modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are
modeled using a third-party vendor model for various terrorism attack modes and
scenarios. Adjustments are made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature
of the General Insurance companies’ exposures. Examples of modeled scenarios
are conventional bombs of different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks. 

 Our largest
terrorism exposures are in New York City, and estimated losses are largely
driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation lines of business. At our
largest exposure location, modeled losses for a five-ton bomb attack net of the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (TRIP) and reinsurance recoveries are
estimated to be $2.4 billion as of September 30, 2017.  

 Our exposure to
terrorism risk in the U.S. is mitigated by TRIP in addition to limited private reinsurance
protections. TRIP covers terrorist attacks within the United States or U.S.
missions and against certain U.S. carriers or vessels and excludes certain
lines of business as specified by applicable law. In 2018, TRIP covers 82 percent
of insured losses above a deductible, decreasing by one percent each year to 80
percent in 2020. The current estimate of our deductible is approximately $2.2
billion for 2017.  

 We offer
terrorism coverage in many other countries through various insurance products
and participate in country terrorism pools when applicable. International
terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based modeling and exposure
concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted reinsurance purchases are made
for some lines of business to cover potential losses due to terrorist attacks.  We also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged
terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S.
jurisdictions.    

 Life and Retirement Companies’ Key Risks 

 We manage risk through product design, experience
monitoring, pricing actions, risk limitations, reinsurance and active
monitoring and management of the relationships between assets and liabilities,
including hedging. 

 For Life and Retirement companies, risks
include the following: 

 •       Longevity risk –  represents the risk of a change in
value of a policy or benefit as a result of actual mortality rates being lower
than the expected mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer-term
societal health changes as well as other factors. This risk exists in a number
of our product lines but is most significant for our pension risk transfer,
structured settlement, and annuity products. 

 •       Morbidity risk –  represents the risk arising from
actual morbidity (i.e,. illness, disability or disease) incidence being higher
than expected or the length of the claims extending longer than expected
resulting in a higher overall benefit payout. This risk could arise from
longer-term medical advances in detection and treatment for various diseases
and medical conditions, as well as other factors. This risk exists in certain
product lines such as group benefits, health and long-term care businesses. 

 •     
 Mortality risk –  represents the
risk of loss arising from actual mortality rates being higher than expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from pandemics or other events,
including longer-term societal changes that cause higher-than-expected
mortality. This risk exists in a number of our product lines, but is most
significant for our life insurance products. 

 •       Policyholder behavior risk including full and partial surrender/lapse
risk –  represents
the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from expected behavior in a
manner that has an adverse effect on our operating results. There are many related
assumptions made when products are sold, including how long the contracts will persist
and other assumptions which impact the expected utilization of contract
benefits and features. Actual experience can vary significantly from these
assumptions. This risk is impacted by a number of factors including changes in
market conditions, especially changes in the levels of interest rate and equity
markets, tax law, regulations, competitive landscape and policyholder
preferences. This risk exists in the majority of our product lines. 

 The emergence of significant adverse experience
compared to the initial assumptions at policy issuance or updated assumption
would require an adjustment to DAC and benefit reserves, which could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for a
particular period.  

 For additional discussion
of the impact of actual and expected experience on DAC and benefit reserves see
Critical Accounting Estimates – Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident
and Health Insurance Contracts and Critical Accounting Estimates – Guaranteed
Benefit Features of Variable Annuity Products. For additional discussion of
business risks see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations. 


 


 

 154                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Variable Annuity Risk
Management and Hedging Programs 

 Our Individual and Group Retirement businesses
offer variable annuity products with GMWB riders that guarantee a certain level
of benefits. GMWB guaranteed living benefits are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in
Other realized capital gains (losses). GMWB features subject the Life and
Retirement companies to market risk, including exposure to changes in interest
rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility. 

 Variable annuity product design is the first step in
managing our exposure to these market risks. Risk mitigation features of our
variable annuity product design include GMWB rider fees indexed to an equity
market volatility index, which can provide additional fee assessments in
periods of increased market volatility, required minimum allocations to fixed
accounts to reduce overall equity exposure, and the utilization of volatility
control funds, which reduce equity exposure in the funds in response to changes
in market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements. 

 After reflecting our product risk-mitigating features, we
hedge our remaining economic exposure to market risk within GMWB features
through our variable annuity hedging program, which is designed to offset
certain changes in the economic value of these GMWB embedded derivatives,
within established thresholds. The hedging program is designed to provide
additional protection against large and combined movements in interest rates,
equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility under multiple scenarios. 

 Our hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which
represents our estimate of the underlying economic risks in our GMWB riders,
based on the present value of the future expected benefit payments for the
GMWB, less the present value of future rider fees, over numerous stochastic
scenarios. This stochastic projection method uses best estimate assumptions for
policyholder behavior (including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit
utilization) in conjunction with market scenarios calibrated to observable
equity and interest rate option prices. Policyholder behaviors are regularly
evaluated to compare current assumptions to actual experience and, if
appropriate, changes are made to the policyholder behavior assumptions. The
risk of changes in policyholder behavior is not explicitly hedged and such
differences between expected and actual policyholder behaviors will result in
hedge ineffectiveness. 

 Due to differences between the calculation of the economic
hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, which include
differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain risk
margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements
in the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation
will vary over time with changes in equity markets, interest rates and credit
spreads.  

 For information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax
income from the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives and the
hedging portfolio, as well as additional discussion of differences between the
economic hedge target and the valuation of the embedded derivatives see
Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity
Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results .  

 In designing our hedging portfolio for our variable annuity
hedging program, we make assumptions and projections about the future
performance of the underlying contract holder funds. To project future account
value changes, we make assumptions about how each of the underlying funds will
perform. We map the contract holder funds to a set of publicly traded indices
that we believe best represent the liability to be hedged. Basis risk exists
due to the variance between these assumptions and actual fund returns, which
may result in variances between changes in the hedging portfolio and changes in
the economic hedge target. Net hedge results and the cost of hedging are also
impacted by differences between realized volatility and implied volatility. 

 For index annuity and universal life products, we have a hedging
program designed to manage the index crediting strategies associated with index
annuity and index life products. This hedging program is designed to offset the
economic risk with respect to the index returns for the current crediting rate
reset period, and utilizes derivative instruments, including but not limited to
equity index options and futures contracts. Similarly as with the variable
annuities, there are differences between the calculation of the economic hedge
target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the index annuity and index life embedded
derivatives, which can lead to variances in their relative movements. 

 To manage the capital market exposures embedded within the
economic hedge target, we identify and hedge market sensitivities to changes in
equity markets, interest rates, volatility and for variable annuities, credit
spreads. Each hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities
having sensitivities that offset those in the economic hedge target, within
internally defined threshold levels. Since the relative movements of the
hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target vary over time or with market
changes, the net exposure can be outside the threshold limits, and adjustments
to the hedging portfolio are made periodically to return the net exposure to
within threshold limits.  

 Our hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments,
including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate
swaps and swaption contracts, as well as other hedging instruments. In addition,
for variable annuities, we purchase certain fixed income securities and elect
the fair value option as a capital efficient way to manage interest rate and
credit spread exposures. To  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            155 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 minimize counterparty
credit risk, the majority of our derivative instrument hedges are implemented
using exchange-traded futures and options, cleared through global exchanges.
Over the counter derivatives are highly collateralized. 

 The hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to
ensure that the economic hedge target and derivative portfolio are within the
threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedge strategy. Daily risk
monitoring verifies that the net risk exposures, as measured through
sensitivities to a large set of market shocks, are within the approved net risk
exposure threshold limits. In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to
determine the program’s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under
an array of combined severe market stresses in equity prices, interest rates,
volatility and credit spreads. Finally, hedge strategies are reviewed regularly
to gauge their effectiveness in managing our market exposures in the context of
our overall risk appetite. 

 Reinsurance Activities 

 Reinsurance is used primarily to manage overall capital adequacy
and mitigate the insurance loss (Life and Non-Life) exposure related to certain
events such as natural and man-made catastrophes or death events. Our
subsidiaries operate worldwide primarily by underwriting and accepting risks
for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a portion of the
exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to the extent those
risks exceed the desired retention level. In addition, as a condition of
certain direct underwriting transactions, we may be required by clients, agents
or regulation to cede all or a portion of risks to specified reinsurance
entities, such as captives, other insurers, local reinsurers and compulsory
pools. 

 Reinsurance markets include: 

 •       Traditional
local and global reinsurance markets including those in the United States,
Bermuda, London and Europe, accessed directly and through reinsurance
intermediaries; 

 •       Capital
markets through insurance-linked securities and collateralized reinsurance
transactions, such as catastrophe bonds,  sidecars and
similar vehicles; and 

 •       Other
insurers that engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance. 

 The form of reinsurance we may choose from time to time
will generally depend on whether we are seeking: 

 •       proportional
reinsurance, whereby we cede a specified percentage of premiums and losses to
reinsurers; 

 •       non-proportional
or excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of
losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including
catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or 

 •       facultative
contracts that reinsure individual policies. 

 We continually evaluate the relative
attractiveness of different forms of reinsurance contracts and different
markets that may be used to achieve our risk and profitability objectives. 

 Reinsurance contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from
their direct obligations to insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program
substantially mitigates our exposure to potentially significant losses. 

 In certain markets, we are required to participate on a
proportional basis in reinsurance pools based on our relative share of direct
writings in those markets. Such mandatory reinsurance generally covers
higher-risk consumer exposures such as assigned-risk automobile and earthquake,
as well as certain commercial exposures such as workers’ compensation. 

 Reinsurance Recoverable 

 AIG’s reinsurance
recoverable assets are comprised of: 

 •       Paid
losses recoverable – balances due from reinsurers for losses and loss
adjustment expenses paid by our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet collected. 

 •       Ceded
loss reserves – ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment
expenses, including reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates
for IBNR. 

 •       Ceded
reserves for unearned premiums. 

 •       Life
and Annuity reinsurance recoverables (ceded policy and claim reserves). 


 


 

 156                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 At December 31, 2017, total reinsurance recoverable
assets were $33.0 billion. These assets include general reinsurance paid
losses recoverable of $1.4 billion, ceded loss reserves of $26.9 billion
including reserves for incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims, and ceded
reserves for unearned premiums of $3.1 billion, as well as life reinsurance
recoverable of $1.6 billion. The methods used to estimate IBNR and to
establish the resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and
severity of losses over multiple years. These methods are continually reviewed
and updated by management. Any adjustments are reflected in income. We believe
that the amount recorded for ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2017 reflects
a reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may,
however, differ from the reserves currently ceded.  

 The
Reinsurance Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic detailed assessments of
the financial strength and condition of current and potential reinsurers, both
foreign and domestic. The RCD monitors both the financial condition of
reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to reinsurers,
and sets limits with regard to the amount and type of exposure we are willing
to take with reinsurers. As part of these assessments, we attempt to identify
whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess its financial capacity
and liquidity, and evaluate the local economic and financial environment in
which a foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews the nature of the risks
ceded and the need for measures, including collateral to mitigate credit risk.
For example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we frequently include
provisions that require a reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to
reduce exposure when a referenced event occurs. Furthermore, we limit our
unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as
insurer financial strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital,
or relevant risk-based capital (RBC) ratios fall below certain levels. We also
set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is
the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum potential exposure from
unexpected events for a reinsurer. In addition, credit executives within ERM
review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit
limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we conclude that
uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from active
reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to
recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes.
At December 31, 2017, we held $20.5 billion of collateral, in the form of
funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable
letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from
unaffiliated reinsurers. We believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer
represents an inappropriate concentration of risk to AIG, nor is our business
substantially dependent upon any single reinsurance contract. 

 The following table presents information for each
reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance recoverable
assets: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
      
   
  
   A.M. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Best 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurer: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA+ 
   
  
   A++ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,707 
   
  
   (d) 
   
  
   41.5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,265 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   442 
   
  
 
   
   Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,371 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,970 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of February 8, 2018. 

 (b)  Total
reinsurance assets include both Property Casualty and Life and Retirement
reinsurance recoverable. 

 (c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable treaty balances.  

 (d)  Includes
$13.2 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive asbestos reinsurance
transaction and the 2017 Adverse Development Reinsurance agreement.  

 At
December 31, 2017, we had no significant reinsurance recoverable due from any
individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. Reinsurer capital levels
continued to increase in 2017, thereby increasing the industry’s underwriting
capacity, which resulted in continued competition and lower rates for 2018
renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower rates could potentially
result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. The RCD,
in conjunction with the credit executives within ERM, reviews these
developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may require the
reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to
mitigate any material risks arising from these developments.  

 For further
discussion of reinsurance recoverable see Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            157 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Other BUSINESS RiskS 

 Derivative Transactions  

 We
utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure to interest
rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equities and other risks. Credit risk
associated with derivative counterparties exists for a derivative contract when
that contract has a positive fair value to us. The maximum potential exposure
will increase or decrease during the life of the derivative commitments as a
function of maturity and market conditions. All derivative transactions must be
transacted within counterparty limits that have been approved by ERM. 

 We evaluate
counterparty credit quality by internal analysis consistent with the AIG Credit
Policy. We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit,
guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements
and subordination to reduce the credit risk relating to outstanding financial
derivative transactions. We require credit enhancements in connection with
specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the
counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. Furthermore, we enter into
certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting
provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements. These provisions provide that, in
the case of an early termination of a transaction, we can set off receivables
from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of
all covered transactions. As a result, where a legally enforceable netting
agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty
represents the net sum of estimated fair values. 

 The fair value
of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity and equity swaps, options,
swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and forward contracts reported as
a component of Other assets, was approximately $0.9 billion at December
31, 2017 and $1.8 billion at December 31, 2016. Where applicable, these
amounts have been determined in accordance with the respective master netting
agreements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives
portfolios in asset positions by internal counterparty credit rating: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
      AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
      A 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
      BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   526 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,338 
   
  
 
   
      Below investment grade * 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   922 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
 



 *   Below investment grade includes not
rated. 

 For
additional discussion related to derivative transactions see Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 



 
  



 


 

 158                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 Glos sary 

 


 Accident
year     The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events
occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid. 

 Accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted   The
combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted   The loss
ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior
year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Acquisition
ratio   Acquisition costs divided by net
premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire
new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of VOBA
and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to,
commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs and certain costs of
personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting.  

 Additional
premium  represents a premium on an
insurance policy over and above the initial premium imposed at the beginning of
the policy. An additional premium may be assessed if the insured’s risk is
found to have increased significantly. 

 Adjusted
revenues    exclude Net realized capital gains (losses), income from
non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP
purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes). 

 Assets under administration    include
assets under management and Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets that we sell or administer.  

 Assets under management  include assets in the
general and separate accounts of our subsidiaries that support liabilities and
surplus related to our life and annuity insurance products and the notional
value of stable value wrap contracts. 

 Base
Spread     Net investment income excluding income from alternative
investments and other enhancements, less interest credited excluding
amortization of sales inducement assets. 

 Base
Yield   Net investment income excluding
income from alternative investments and other enhancements, as a percentage of
average base invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments,
other bond securities and certain other investments for which the fair value
option has been elected. 

 Book
value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
and Book value per common share, excluding AOCI and deferred tax assets (DTA)
(Adjusted book value per common share)  are
non-GAAP measures and are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis.  Book value per common share
excluding AOCI is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding
AOCI, by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted book value per common share
is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA
(Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity), by total common shares outstanding.  

 Casualty
insurance   Insurance that is primarily
associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the
insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result. 

 Combined
ratio   Sum of the loss ratio and the
acquisition and general operating expense ratios. 

 CSA    Credit Support Annex   A legal document generally
associated with an ISDA Master Agreement that provides for collateral postings
which could vary depending on ratings and threshold levels. 

 CVA    Credit Valuation Adjustment   The CVA adjusts the
valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty
with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the CVA reflects the
fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is attributable to credit
movements only, without the impact of other market factors such as interest
rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also accounts for our own
credit risk in the fair value measurement of all derivative net liability
positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the fair value option, when
appropriate.  

 DAC    Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   Deferred costs
that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new
business or renewal of existing business. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            159 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 DAC Related
to Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments     An adjustment to DAC
and Reserves for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC and
Unearned Revenue amortization that would have been recorded if fixed maturity
and equity securities available for sale had been sold at their stated
aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields.  An
adjustment to benefit reserves for investment-oriented products is also
recognized to reflect the application of the benefit ratio to the accumulated
assessments that would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities
available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the
proceeds reinvested at current yields (collectively referred to as “shadow
Investment-Oriented Adjustments”). 

 For
long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of
investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional
future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded (shadow loss reserves). 

 Deferred
Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance     Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which
an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred
as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of premium paid by the
ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting
gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. Any
related development on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract
would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain
if favorable. 

 Expense
ratio   Sum of acquisition expenses and
general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned. 

 General
operating expense ratio   General operating
expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating expenses are those
costs that are generally attributed to the support infrastructure of the
organization and include but are not limited to personnel costs, projects and
bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and investment expenses. 

 GIC/GIA    Guaranteed Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment
Agreement   A contract whereby the seller provides a guaranteed repayment of
principal and a fixed or floating interest rate for a predetermined period of
time. 

 G-SII    Global Systemically Important Insurer   An insurer
that is deemed globally systemically important (that is, of such size, market
importance and global interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the
insurer would cause significant dislocation in the global financial system and
adverse economic consequences across a range of countries) by the Financial
Stability Board, in consultation with and based on a methodology developed by
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. 

 IBNR    Incurred But Not Reported   Estimates of claims
that have been incurred but not reported to us. 

 ISDA
Master Agreement   An agreement between two
counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other
governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of
all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions. 

 LAE    Loss Adjustment Expenses   The expenses directly
attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not
limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees and the portion of general expenses allocated
to claim settlement costs.  

 Loss
Ratio   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred divided by net premiums earned.  

 Loss
reserve development   The increase or
decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to prior years    as a result of the
re-estimation of loss reserves at successive valuation dates for a given group
of claims. 

 Loss
reserves   Liability for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling claims
relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet
date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date. 

 Loan-to-Value
Ratio   Principal amount of loan amount
divided by appraised value of collateral securing the loan. 

 Master
netting agreement   An agreement between
two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that
provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by such agreement, as
well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in
the event of default on or upon termination of any one such contract. 

 Natural
catastrophe and man-made losses    are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact
on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain man-made events,
such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10 million threshold. 

 Net
premiums written  represent the sales of an
insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given
period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk during
a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance for a sales
period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a coverage
period. 


 


 

 160                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 Noncontrolling
interest   The portion of equity ownership
in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent
company. 

 Policy
fees   An amount added to a policy premium,
or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder account, to reflect the
cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required records, sending premium
notices and other related expenses. 

 Pool
  A reinsurance arrangement whereby all of
the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by
each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage.  

 Premiums
and deposits – Life and Retirement  include
direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance policies and
group benefit policies, and deposits on life-contingent payout annuities, as
well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts
and mutual funds. 

 Prior
year development   See
Loss reserve development . 

 RBC   Risk-Based Capital  
A formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus
compared to the risks inherent in its business. 

 Reinstatement
premium   Additional premiums payable to
reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a result of
reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties. 

 Reinsurance   The practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in
consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another
insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding
company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has
issued. 

 Retroactive
Reinsurance    S  ee Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance . 

 Return
on equity – Adjusted after-tax income excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Return
on Equity)    is a non-GAAP measure and is used to show the rate of
return on shareholders’ equity. Adjusted Return on Equity is derived by dividing
actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG by average
Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity.  

 Return
premium  represents amounts given back to
the insured in the case of a cancellation, an adjustment to the rate or an
overpayment of an advance premium. 

 Salvage
    The amount that can be recovered by an insurer for the sale
of damaged goods for which a policyholder has been indemnified (and to which
title was transferred). 

 Severe
losses  are defined as non-catastrophic
individual first-party losses, surety and trade credit losses greater than $10
million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation. 

 SIA    Sales Inducement Asset   Represents enhanced
crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders on certain annuity and
investment contract products that meet the criteria to be deferred and
amortized over the life of the contract. 

 Solvency
II     Legislation
in the European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency
framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance
requirements, risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II
Directive (2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and became effective
on January 1, 2016. 

 Subrogation
    The
amount of recovery for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a
negligent third party or such party’s insurer.    

 Surrender
charge   A charge levied against an
investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity
contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.  

 Surrender
rate  represents annualized surrenders and
withdrawals as a percentage of average reserves and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets under administration. 

 Unearned
premium reserve     Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to
reflect unearned premiums, which are usually refundable to policyholders if an
insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the
contract term. 

 VOBA   Value of Business Acquired   Present value of
projected future gross profits from in-force policies of acquired businesses. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            161 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Acronyms   

   

   


 
 Acro ny ms 

 


 
  
   
   A&H 
  Accident and Health Insurance 
   
  
   GMWB  
  Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits 
   
  
 
   
   ABS  
  Asset-Backed Securities 
   
  
   ISDA  
  International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   CDO 
   Collateralized Debt Obligations 
   
  
   Moody's 
  Moody's Investors’ Service Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   CDS  
  Credit Default Swap 
   
  
   NAIC  
  National Association of Insurance Commissioners 
   
  
 
   
   CMA  
  Capital Maintenance Agreement 
   
  
   NM  
  Not Meaningful 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS  
  Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
   OTC 
  Over-the-Counter 
   
  
 
   
   EGPs  
  Estimated gross profits 
   
  
   OTTI  
  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
   
  
 
   
   FASB  
  Financial Accounting Standards Board 
   
  
   RMBS  
  Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
 
   
   FRBNY  
  Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   S&P  
  Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC 
   
  
 
   
   GAAP 
   Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
   
  
   SEC  
  Securities and Exchange Commission 
   
  
 
   
   GMDB  
  Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits 
   
  
   URR  
  Unearned revenue reserve 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   VIE  
  Variable Interest Entity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 










 
 


 

 162                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7A |  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk   

   


 
 ITEM 7A |  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk    

 The
information required by this item is set forth in the Enterprise Risk
Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by
reference. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            163 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 


 
 Part
II 

 


 ITEM 8 |  Fin ancial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

 American International Group, Inc.  

 Reference to Financial
Statements and Schedules 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Report of Independent Registered
  Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   165   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
   166   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
   167   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31,
  2017, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
   168   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
   169  
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
   170  
   
  
 
   
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 1. 
   
  
   Basis of Presentation 
   
  
   172 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 2 . 
   
  
   Summary of Significant Accounting
  Policies 
   
  
   174 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 3. 
   
  
   Segment
  Information 
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 4. 
   
  
   Held-for-Sale Classification 
   
  
   184 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 5. 
   
  
   Fair Value Measurements 
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 6. 
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
   205 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 7. 
   
  
   Lending Activities 
   
  
   218 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 8. 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   220 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 9. 
   
  
   Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
   
  
   223 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 10. 
   
  
   Variable Interest Entities 
   
  
   225 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 11. 
   
  
   Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 
   
  
   227 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 12. 
   
  
   Goodwill 
   
  
   231 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 13 . 
   
  
   Insurance
  Liabilities 
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 14. 
   
  
   Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 
   
  
   263 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 15. 
   
  
   Debt 
    
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 16. 
   
  
   Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 
   
  
   267 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 17 . 
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
   270 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 18. 
   
  
   Earnings
  Per Share 
   
  
   275 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 19. 
   
  
   Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions 
   
  
   276 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 20. 
   
  
   Share-based and Other Compensation
  Plans 
   
  
   278 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 21. 
   
  
   Employee Benefits 
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 22. 
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
   289 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 23 . 
   
  
   Income
  Taxes 
   
  
   289 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 24. 
   
  
   Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 25. 
   
  
   Information Provided in Connection
  With Outstanding Debt 
   
  
   299 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 26 
   
  
   Subsequent
  Events 
   
  
   306 
   
  
 
   
   Schedules 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  I 
   
  
   Summary of
  Investments — Other than Investments in Related Parties at December 31, 2017 
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  II 
   
  
   Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the
  years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
   318 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  III 
   
  
   Supplementary
  Insurance Information at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years
  then ended 
   
  
   322 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  IV 
   
  
   Reinsurance
  at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   323 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  V 
   
  
   Valuation
  and Qualifying Accounts at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years
  then ended 
   
  
   324 
   
  
 



   

    








 

 

 


 

 164                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8  |   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   


 
 Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 


 To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc.: 

 Opinions on the Financial
Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of American International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31,
2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2017, including the related notes and financial statement
schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the
“consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).   

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 

 Basis for Opinions 

 The Company's management is responsible for these
consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A in the Annual
Report on the Form 10-K.  Our responsibility is to express opinions on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal
control over financial reporting based on our audits.  We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects.   

 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial
statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 Definition and Limitations of
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 February 16, 2018 

   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 1980. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            165 

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet s 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except for share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2017 -
  $225,461; 2016 - $232,241) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value  (See Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for sale, at fair value
  (cost: 2017 - $1,305; 2016 - $1,697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
 
   
   Other common and preferred stock, at fair value  (See Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance (portion
  measured at fair value: 2017 - $5; 2016 - $11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,240 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
  $6,248; 2016 - $6,946) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,822 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,538 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
  $2,615; 2016 - $3,341) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,302 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   322,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   328,175 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
   Accrued investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,495 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and other receivables, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,465 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,901 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,033 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,332 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,994 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets, including restricted cash of $317 in 2017 and $193
  in 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,815 
   
  
 
   
   (portion measured at fair value: 2017 - $922; 2016 - $1,809) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Separate account assets, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,972 
   
  
 
   
   Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
 
   
   Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,634 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and accident and health
  insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,432 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,204 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits (portion measured at fair value:
  2017 - $4,150; 2016 - $3,058) 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,216 
   
  
 
   
   Other policyholder funds (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
  $0; 2016 - $5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,989 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
  $1,124; 2016 - $2,016) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,296 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (portion measured at fair value: 2017 - $2,888;
  2016 - $3,428) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,972 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   432,593 
   
  
     
   
  
   421,406 
   
  
 
   
   Contingencies, commitments and guarantees  (see Note 16) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock, $2.50 par value; 5,000,000,000 shares authorized;
  shares issued: 2017 - 1,906,671,492 and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 - 1,906,671,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock, at cost; 2017 - 1,007,626,835; 2016 -
  911,335,651 shares of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47,595) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,471) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,064 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,711 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 166                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of I ncome 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (458) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
 
   
   Portion of other-than-temporary impairments on available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   fixed maturity securities recognized in Other comprehensive
  income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
 
   
   Net other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities recognized in net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (487) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (591) 
   
  
 
   
   Other realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,457) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,367 
   
  
 
   
   Total net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
 
   
      Other income  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,972 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,592 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
 
   
   (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,054 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   636 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,890 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (391) 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299,825,350 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334,464,883 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.81 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            167   

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (Loss) 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed
  maturity securities on  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         which other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,821) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,864) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 168                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   redeemable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additional 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid-in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retained 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   holders' 
   
  
     
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1, 2015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisition and consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   574 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   552 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Current and deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisition and consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (570) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (570) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (41,471) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,064 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,711 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   (325) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (178) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 
   
   Current and deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (193) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (193) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2017 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (47,595) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,078 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,457 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
 



 See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            169   

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
      (Income) loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
  provided by (used in) operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and losses included in
  income (loss): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net gains on sales of securities available for sale and
  other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (431) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,033) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,111) 
   
  
 
   
         Net (gains) losses on sales of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
         (Gains) losses on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
 
   
         Unrealized (gains) losses in earnings – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
 
   
         Equity in income from equity method investments, net of
  dividends or distributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (481) 
   
  
 
   
         Depreciation and other amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,629 
   
  
 
   
         Impairments of assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   685 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
 
   
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,645 
   
  
 
   
         Premiums and other receivables and payables – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
 
   
         Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,870) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,804) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
 
   
         Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,819) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,808) 
   
  
 
   
         Current and deferred income taxes – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
 
   
         Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,967) 
   
  
 
   
         Total adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,525) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,585) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales or distributions of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,721 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,055 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,002 
   
  
 
   
         Divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Maturities of fixed maturity securities available for sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,734 
   
  
 
   
      Principal payments received on and sales of mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,742 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
 
   
      Purchases of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49,856) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54,978) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48,848) 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (935) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,704) 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,874) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,421) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,573) 
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,369) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,651) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,140) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,020) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,029 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,785) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,041) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,619) 
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 



 

 

 


 

 170                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 


 
  
   
   Supplementary Disclosure of Consolidated Cash Flow Information 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,282 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
 
   
      Taxes 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   511 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash investing/financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder contract deposits included
  in financing activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,430 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,676 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from sale of AerCap 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            171   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 1. Basis of Presentation 

 


 American
International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization
serving customers in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies
serve commercial and individual customers through one of the most extensive
worldwide property‑casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG
companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in
the United States. AIG Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common
Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo
Stock Exchange. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,”
“us” or “our” mean American International Group, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries and the term “AIG Parent” means American International
Group, Inc. and not any of its consolidated subsidiaries. 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of AIG Parent, our controlled subsidiaries (generally through a greater than
50 percent ownership of voting rights and voting interests), and variable
interest entities (VIEs) of which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity
investments in entities that we do not consolidate, including corporate
entities in which we have significant influence and partnership and
partnership-like entities in which we have more than minor influence over the
operating and financial policies, are accounted for under the equity method
unless we have elected the fair value option. 

 Certain of our foreign subsidiaries included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements report on different fiscal-period bases. The
effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations of all
material events occurring at these subsidiaries through the date of each of the
periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements has been
considered for adjustment and/or disclosure.  

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated. 

 Sales of Businesses 

 Sale of Certain Insurance Subsidiary Operations to
Fairfax 

 On October 18, 2016, we entered into agreements to sell certain
insurance operations to Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax). The
agreements include the sale of our subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile,
Colombia, Uruguay, Venezuela and Turkey. Fairfax will also acquire renewal
rights for the portfolios of local business written by our operations in
Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia, and assume
certain of our operating assets and employees. Total cash consideration to us
is expected to be approximately $234 million. The transaction is closing on a
country-by-country basis as the regulatory approvals are obtained.  In the
second quarter of 2017, the sale of operations in Turkey as well as the renewal
rights in Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia were
completed, which resulted in total cash proceeds of $48 million. In the third
quarter of 2017, the sale of the operations in Colombia, Chile and Argentina
were completed, which resulted in cash proceeds of $168 million. Substantially
all of the operations and renewal rights that we agreed to sell Fairfax were
sold by December 31, 2017. 

 AIG Fuji Life Insurance  

 On November 14, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell Fuji
Life to FWD Group, the insurance arm of Pacific Century Group. Total cash
consideration to us was approximately $333 million. The transaction closed on
April 30, 2017.  

 United Guaranty 

 On December 31, 2016, we sold our 100 percent
interest in United Guaranty Corporation (United Guaranty) and certain related
affiliates to Arch Capital Group Ltd. (Arch) for total consideration of $3.3
billion, consisting of $2.2 billion of cash and approximately $1.1 billion of
newly issued Arch convertible non-voting common-equivalent preferred stock  and reported a pre-tax gain of approximately $697
million . We also received $261 million in pre-closing dividends from
United Guaranty in the fourth quarter of 2016.  However, due to pending regulatory approvals, United Guaranty Asia
was not included in the December 31, 2016 closing and $40 million of cash
consideration was retained by Arch. The sale of United Guaranty Asia was
completed on July 1, 2017 and we received the $40 million cash proceeds. 

 Concurrent with the closing, we entered into
reinsurance agreements with Arch, including an amended and restated 50 percent
quota share reinsurance agreement and an aggregate excess of loss reinsurance
agreement, pursuant to which we will continue to be exposed to certain United
Guaranty policies written between 2009 and 2016. 


 


 

 172                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 Ascot 

 On September 16, 2016, we entered into an
agreement to sell our 20 percent interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd.
and our 100 percent interest in the related syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot
Corporate Name Ltd. to Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB). Total
consideration for the transaction was $1.1 billion resulting in a pre-tax gain
of approximately $162 million attributable to AIG’s controlling interest,
inclusive of CPPIB’s recapitalization of Syndicate 1414’s Funds at Lloyd’s
(FAL) capital requirements. The transaction closed on November 18, 2016, and we
received approximately $244 million in net cash proceeds. 

 Korea Fund 

 On November 17, 2016, an AIG sponsored Fund (the
Korea Fund), completed the sale of mixed-use commercial complex in Seoul, South
Korea commonly known as the Seoul International Finance Center to Brookfield
Properties for a total consideration of $2.5 billion,  of which $1.2 billion was used to repay the fund’s debt.
 The sale resulted in a  pr e- ta x g a in
  ☐  f  $1. 1
 b i ll i  ☐  n    incl u de d
in  Othe r  Income, of which $464 million was attributable to AIG’s controlling
interest .    

 NSM 

 On August 31,
2016, we sold our controlling interest in NSM Insurance Group LLC (NSM), a
managing general agent to ABRY Partners, a private equity firm, for
consideration of $201 million resulting in a pre-tax gain of approximately $105
million in the third quarter of 2016. We retained an equity interest in a newly
formed joint venture and will continue to provide underwriting capacity to NSM.
 

 Use of
Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often
involve a significant degree of judgment. Accounting policies that we believe
are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions are
considered our critical accounting estimates and are related to the
determination of: 

 •       liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (loss reserves); 

 •       reinsurance
assets; 

 •       valuation
of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of loss recognition; 

 •       valuation
of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity products; 

 •       estimated
gross profits to value deferred policy acquisition costs for
investment-oriented products; 

 •       impairment
charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale
securities, impairments on other invested assets, including investments in life
settlements, and goodwill impairment; 

 •       allowances
for loan losses; 

 •       liability
for legal contingencies;  

 •       fair
value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities; and 

 •       income
tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net deferred tax
asset and the predictability of future tax operating profitability of the
character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset and provisional
estimates associated with the Tax Act. 

 These accounting estimates require the use of
assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of
estimation. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used,
our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be materially affected. 

 Out of Period Adjustments 

 For the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded out of
period adjustments relating to prior years that increased Net loss attributable
to AIG by $174 million, increased Loss from continuing operations before income
taxes by $57 million and decreased adjusted pre-tax income by $6 million.  The
out of period adjustments are primarily related to income tax liabilities and
ceded loss adjustment expenses.  Had these adjustments, which were determined
not to be material, been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net Income
attributable to AIG for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 would have
decreased by $67 million and $12 million, respectively. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded out of
period adjustments relating to prior years that decreased Net income
attributable to AIG by $156 million, decreased Income from continuing
operations before income taxes by $376 million and decreased adjusted pre-tax income
by $235 million. The out of period adjustments are primarily related to
impairments of Other invested assets  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            173 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 and changes in
loss reserves and income tax liabilities. Had these adjustments, which were
determined not to be material, been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net income
attributable to AIG for the year ended December 31, 2014 would have decreased
by $51 million. 








 

 2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies 

 


 The following table
identifies our significant accounting policies presented in other Notes to
these Consolidated Financial Statements, with a reference to the Note where a
detailed description can be found: 








 Note 6.   Investments  

 •       Fixed
maturity and equity securities 

 •       Other
invested assets 

 •       Short-term
investments 

 •       Net
investment income 

 •       Net
realized capital gains (losses) 

 •       Other-than-temporary
impairments 

 Note 7.   Lending
Activities 

 •       Mortgage
and other loans receivable – net of allowance 

 Note 8.   Reinsurance  

 •       Reinsurance
assets – net of allowance 

 •       Retroactive
reinsurance 

 Note 9.   Deferred
Policy Acquisition Costs 

 •       Deferred
policy acquisition costs 

 •       Amortization
of deferred policy acquisition costs 

 Note 10.   Variable
Interest Entities 

   

 Note 11.   Derivatives
and Hedge Accounting 

 •       Derivative
assets and liabilities, at fair value 

 Note 12.   Goodwill  

 Note 13.   Insurance
Liabilities 

 •       Liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

 •       Discounting
of reserves 

 •       Future
policy benefits 

 •       Policyholder
contract deposits 

 •       Other
policyholder funds 

 Note 14.   Variable
Life and Annuity   Contracts  

 Note 15.   Debt  

 •       Long-term
debt 

 Note 16.   Contingencies,
Commitments and Guarantees 

 •       Legal
contingencies 

 Note 18.   Earnings
Per Share 

 Note 23.   Income
Taxes 








   








 Other significant accounting policies 

 Premiums  for
short-duration contracts are recorded as written on the inception date of the
policy. Premiums are earned primarily on a pro rata basis over the term of the
related coverage. Sales of extended services contracts are reflected as
premiums written and earned on a pro rata basis over the term of the related
coverage.  In addition, certain miscellaneous income is included as premiums
written and earned. The reserve for unearned premiums includes the portion of
premiums written relating to the unexpired terms of coverage. Reinsurance
premiums are typically earned over the same period as the underlying policies
or risks covered by the contract.   As a result, the earnings pattern of a
reinsurance contract may extend up to 24 months, reflecting the inception dates
of the underlying policies throughout the year. 

 Reinsurance premiums ceded under prospective
reinsurance agreements are recognized as a reduction in revenues over the
period the reinsurance coverage is provided in proportion to the risks to which
the premiums relate. 

 Premiums for long-duration insurance products and life
contingent annuities are recognized as revenues when due. Estimates for
premiums due but not yet collected are accrued.  

 Policy fees  represent fees recognized from universal life and
investment-type products consisting of policy charges for the cost of
insurance, policy administration charges, surrender charges and amortization of
unearned revenue reserves. Policy fees are recognized as revenues in the period
in which they are assessed against policyholders, unless the fees are designed
to compensate AIG for services to be provided in the future.  Fees
deferred as unearned revenue are amortized in relation to the incidence of
expected gross profits to be realized over the estimated lives of the
contracts, similar to DAC. 

 Other income  includes advisory fee income from the Life and
Retirement broker dealer business, as well as legal recoveries of $27 million,
$44 million and $94 million from legacy crisis and other matters in 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

 Other income from our Other Operations category
consists of the following: 

 ·        Changes in fair value relating to financial assets and
liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected. 


 


 

 174                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 ·        Interest income and related expenses, including
amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on bonds with changes in
the timing and the amount of expected principal and interest cash flows
reflected in the yield, as applicable. 

 ·        Dividend income from common and preferred stock and
earnings distributions from other investments. 

 ·        Changes in the fair value of other securities sold but
not yet purchased, futures, hybrid financial instruments, securities purchased
under agreements to resell, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

 ·        Income earned on real estate based investments and
related realized gains and losses from sales, property level impairments and
financing costs. 

 ·        Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency
transactions. 

 ·        Earnings from private equity funds and hedge fund
investments accounted for under the equity method. 

 ·        Changes in the fair value of derivatives at AIG
Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively AIGFP). 

 Cash  represents cash
on hand and non-interest-bearing demand deposits. 

 Short-term investments  consist of interest‑bearing cash equivalents, time deposits,
securities purchased under agreements to resell, and investments, such as
commercial paper, with original maturities within one year from the date of
purchase. 

 Premiums and other receivables – net of allowance  include premium balances receivable, amounts due from
agents and brokers and policyholders, trade receivables for the Direct
Investment book (DIB) and Global Capital Markets (GCM) and other receivables.
Trade receivables for GCM include cash collateral posted to derivative
counterparties that is not eligible to be netted against derivative
liabilities. The allowance for doubtful accounts on premiums and other receivables
was $236 million and $279 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. 

 Other assets 
consist of sales inducement assets, prepaid expenses, deposits, other deferred
charges, real estate, other fixed assets, capitalized software costs, goodwill,
intangible assets other than goodwill, restricted cash and derivative assets. 

 We offer sales inducements which include enhanced
crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders (bonus interest) on
certain annuity and investment contract products. Sales inducements provided to
the contract holder are recognized in Policyholder contract deposits in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts are deferred and amortized over the
life of the contract using the same methodology and assumptions used to amortize
DAC  (see Note 9 herein) . To qualify for such accounting treatment, the
bonus interest must be explicitly identified in the contract at inception. We
must also demonstrate that such amounts are incremental to amounts we credit on
similar contracts without bonus interest, and are higher than the contract’s
expected ongoing crediting rates for periods after the bonus period. The
deferred bonus interest and other deferred sales inducement assets totaled
$738 million and $808 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. The amortization expense associated with these assets is reported
within Interest credited to policyholder account balances in the Consolidated
Statements of Income. Such amortization expense totaled $94 million,
$77 million and $88 million for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 The cost of buildings and furniture and equipment is
depreciated principally on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives (maximum of 40 years for buildings and 10 years for furniture and
equipment). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to income as
incurred and expenditures for improvements are capitalized and depreciated. We
periodically assess the carrying amount of our real estate for purposes of determining
any asset impairment. Capitalized software costs, which represent costs
directly related to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use software,
are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over a period
generally not exceeding five years. Real estate, fixed assets and other
long-lived assets are assessed for impairment when impairment indicators exist. 

 Separate accounts  represent
funds for which investment income and investment gains and losses accrue
directly to the policyholders who bear the investment risk. Each account has
specific investment objectives and the assets are carried at fair value. The
assets of each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims
that arise from any of our other businesses. The liabilities for these accounts
are equal to the account assets. Separate accounts may also include deposits
for funds held under stable value wrap funding agreements, although the
majority of stable value wrap sales are measured based on the notional amount
included in assets under management and do not include the receipt of funds.  For
a more detailed discussion of separate accounts see Note 14 herein .  

 Other liabilities  consist of
other funds on deposit, other payables, securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
securities sold but not yet purchased, derivative liabilities and deferred
gains on retroactive reinsurance agreements. We have entered into certain
insurance and reinsurance contracts, primarily in our General Insurance
companies, that do not contain sufficient insurance risk to be accounted for as
insurance or reinsurance. Accordingly, the premiums received on such contracts,
after deduction for certain related expenses, are recorded as deposits within
Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net proceeds of these
deposits are invested and generate Net investment income. As amounts are paid,
consistent with the underlying contracts, the deposit liability is reduced.
Also included in Other liabilities are trade payables for the DIB and GCM,
which include option premiums received and  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            175 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 payables
to counterparties that relate to unrealized gains and losses on futures,
forwards, and options and balances due to clearing brokers and exchanges. Trade
payables for GCM also include cash collateral received from derivative
counterparties that contractually cannot be netted against derivative assets. 

 Securities sold
but not yet purchased represent sales of securities not owned at the time of
sale. The obligations arising from such transactions are recorded on a
trade-date basis and carried at fair value. Fair values of securities sold but
not yet purchased are based on current market prices.   

 Foreign currency:   Financial
statement accounts expressed in foreign currencies are translated into
U.S. dollars. Functional currency assets and liabilities are translated
into U.S. dollars generally using rates of exchange prevailing at the
balance sheet date of each respective subsidiary and the related translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of any related taxes, in Total AIG shareholders’
equity. Income statement accounts expressed in functional currencies are
translated using average exchange rates during the period. Functional currencies
are generally the currencies of the local operating environment. Financial
statement accounts expressed in currencies other than the functional currency
of a consolidated entity are remeasured into that entity’s functional currency
resulting in exchange gains or losses recorded in income. The adjustments
resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign entities
operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in income.  

 Non-redeemable noncontrolling interest  is the portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not
attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent. 

 Accounting Standards Adopted During 2017 

 Derivative Contract Novations 

 In March 2016,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an accounting standard
that clarifies that a change in the counterparty (novation) to a derivative
instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument does not, in and of
itself, require de-designation of that hedging relationship provided that all
other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.   

 We adopted the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2017. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments 

 In March 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies the requirements for
assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment
of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt
hosts. The standard requires an evaluation of embedded call (put) options
solely on a four-step decision sequence that requires an entity to consider
whether (1) the amount paid upon settlement is adjusted based on changes in an
index, (2) the amount paid upon settlement is indexed to an underlying other
than interest rates or credit risk, (3) the debt involves a substantial premium
or discount and (4) the put or call option is contingently exercisable. 

 We adopted the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2017. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting 

 In March 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that eliminates the requirement that
when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an
increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor
must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings
retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in
effect during all previous periods during which the investment had been held. 

 We adopted the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2017. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Interest Held through Related Parties that are under Common Control 

 In October 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that amends the consolidation analysis
for a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a variable interest
entity (VIE).  The new guidance will require the decision maker’s
evaluation of its interests held through related parties that are under common
control on a proportionate basis (rather than in their entirety) when
determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of that VIE.  The
amendment does not change the characteristics of a primary beneficiary. 

 We adopted the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2017. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 


 


 

 176                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Clarifying the Definition of a Business 

 In January 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that changes the definition of a
business to assist entities with evaluating when a set of transferred assets
and activities is a business. The new standard will require an entity to
evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
(or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of
similar assets; if so, the set of transferred assets and activities is not a
business.  At a minimum, a set must include an input and a substantive
process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
output.   

 We adopted the
standard on October 1, 2017. The impact of the standard is primarily related to
our investments in real estate.  As a result of the adoption, we anticipate
that future acquisitions of certain real estate investments will no longer meet
the definition of a business and will be treated as asset acquisitions.  As a
result, no goodwill would be recognized from these investments and certain costs
can be capitalized as part of asset acquisitions.  The adoption of this
standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows.       

 Future Application of Accounting Standards 

 Revenue Recognition 

 In May 2014, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that supersedes most existing revenue
recognition guidance. The standard excludes from its scope the accounting for
insurance contracts, leases, financial instruments, and certain other
agreements that are governed under other GAAP guidance, but could affect the
revenue recognition for certain of our other activities. 

 We will adopt
this standard using the modified retrospective approach on its required
effective date of January 1, 2018.  Our analysis of revenues indicates that
substantially all of our revenues are from sources excluded from the scope of
the standard.  For those revenue sources within the scope of the standard,
there are no material changes in the timing or measurement of revenues based
upon the guidance.  As substantially all of our revenue sources are excluded
from the scope of the standard, the adoption of the standard will not have a
material effect on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of
operations, cash flows or required disclosures. 

 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

 In January 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require equity investments
that do not follow the equity method of accounting or are not subject to
consolidation to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in earnings, while financial liabilities for which fair value option
accounting has been elected, changes in fair value due to instrument-specific
credit risk will be presented separately in other comprehensive income. The
standard allows the election to record equity investments without readily
determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, adjusted for subsequent
observable price changes with changes in the carrying value of the equity
investments recorded in earnings. The standard also updates certain fair value
disclosure requirements for financial instruments carried at amortized cost. 

 We will adopt
this standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using the modified
retrospective approach.  Based on our review, substantially all of our
assets and liabilities are not within the scope of the standard. The adoption
of the standard will not have a material effect on our reported consolidated
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures. 

 Leases 

 In February
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require lessees with
lease terms of more than 12 months to recognize a right of use asset and a
corresponding lease liability on their balance sheets. For income statement
purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as
either operating leases or finance leases. 

 We plan to adopt
the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2019 using a modified
retrospective approach upon adoption. We are currently quantifying the expected
recognition on our balance sheet for a right to use asset and a lease liability
as required by the standard. We do not expect the impact of the standard to
have a material effect on our reported consolidated financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            177 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Financial
Instruments - Credit Losses 

 In June 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will change how entities account
for credit losses for most financial assets, trade receivables and reinsurance
receivables.  The standard will replace the existing incurred loss
impairment model with a new “current expected credit loss model” that generally
will result in earlier recognition of credit losses.  The standard will apply
to financial assets subject to credit losses, including loans measured at
amortized cost, reinsurance receivables and certain off-balance sheet credit
exposures.  Additionally, the impairment of available-for-sale debt
securities, including purchased credit deteriorated securities, are subject to
the new guidance and will be measured in a similar manner, except that losses
will be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost
of the securities.  The standard will also require additional information
to be disclosed in the footnotes. 

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted on January 1,
2019.  We are continuing to develop our implementation plan to adopt the
standard and are assessing the impact of the standard on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
required disclosures.  While we expect an increase in our allowances for credit
losses for the financial instruments within scope of the standard, given the
objective of the new standard, the amount of any change will be dependent on
our portfolios’ composition and quality at the adoption date as well as
economic conditions and forecasts at that time.  

 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 

 In August 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that addresses diversity in how certain
cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. The amendments provide clarity on the treatment of eight
specifically defined types of cash inflows and outflows.  

 We will adopt
this standard retrospectively on its effective date of January 1, 2018. The
standard addresses presentation in the statement of cash flows only and will
have no effect on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of
operations or required disclosures.    

 Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory 

 In October 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require an entity to recognize
the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than
inventory when the transfer occurs, rather than when the asset is sold to a
third party.  

 We will adopt
the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using a modified
retrospective approach.  The adoption of this standard will not have a material
impact on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows or required disclosures.  

 Restricted Cash 

 In November
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance on the
presentation of restricted cash in the Statement of Cash Flows.  Entities
will be required to explain the changes during a reporting period in the total
of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash
or restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows.   

 We will adopt
the standard retrospectively on its effective date of January 1, 2018. The
standard addresses presentation of restricted cash in the Statement of Cash Flows
only and will have no effect on our reported consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or required disclosures. 

 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment 

 In January 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that eliminates the requirement to
calculate the implied fair value of goodwill, through a hypothetical purchase
price allocation, to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead, entities
will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit’s
carrying amount over its fair value not to exceed the total amount of goodwill
allocated to that reporting unit.  An entity should also consider income tax
effects from tax deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting
unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable.    

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating
the timing of our adoption. Any impact of the standard will be dependent on the
market conditions of the reporting units at the time of adoption. 


 


 

 178                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Gains and Losses
from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets 

 In February
2017, the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies the scope of the
derecognition guidance for the sale, transfer and derecognition of
non-financial assets to noncustomers that aligns with the new revenue
recognition principles.  The standard also adds new accounting for partial
sales of nonfinancial assets (including in substance real estate) that requires
an entity to derecognize a nonfinancial asset when it 1) ceases to have a
controlling financial interest in the legal entity that holds the asset based
on the consolidation model and 2) transfers control of the asset based on the
revenue recognition model. 

 We will adopt this
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 under the modified
retrospective approach. Based on our evaluation, we do not expect the standard
to have a material impact on our reported consolidated financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures. 

 Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension and Postretirement
Benefit Cost 

 In March 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires entities to report the
service cost component of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs
in the same line item as other compensation costs arising from services
rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of
net periodic benefit costs are required to be separately presented in the
income statement. The amendments also allow only the service cost component to
be eligible for capitalization when applicable.  

 We will adopt
this standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018. The standard primarily
addresses the presentation of the service cost component of net periodic benefit
costs in the income statement. AIG’s U.S. pension plans are frozen and no
longer accrue benefits, which are reflected as service costs.
Therefore, the standard will have no material effect on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required
disclosures. 

 Premium Amortization on Purchased Callable Debt Securities 

 In March 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that shortens the amortization period
for certain callable debt securities held at a premium by requiring the premium
to be amortized to the earliest call date.  The standard does not require an
accounting change for securities held at a discount, which continue to be
amortized to maturity.   

 We plan to adopt
the standard retrospectively on its effective date, January 1, 2019. We do not
expect the standard to have a material impact on our reported consolidated
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures. 

 Modification of Share-Based Payment Awards 

 In May 2017, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance about which changes
to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
apply modification accounting.    

 We will
prospectively adopt this standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 and
do not expect the standard to have a material effect on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required
disclosures.           

 Derivatives and Hedging 

 In August 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that improves and expands hedge
accounting for both financial and commodity risks. The provisions of the
amendment are intended to better align the accounting with an entity’s risk
management activities, enhance the transparency on how the economic results are
presented in the financial statements and the footnote, and simplify the
application of hedge accounting treatment. 

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating
the timing of adoption and are assessing the impact of the standard on our
reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows
and required disclosures. 

 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income 

 In February
2018, the FASB issued an accounting standard that allows the optional
reclassification of stranded tax effects within accumulated
other comprehensive income to retained earnings that arise due to the
enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Tax Act). The amount of
the reclassification would reflect the effect of the change in the U.S.
federal corporate income tax rate on the gross deferred tax amounts and
related valuation allowances, if any, at the date of enactment of the Tax
Act and other income tax effects of the Tax Act on items remaining
in  accumulated other comprehensive income. 

 We plan to early adopt the standard using a
retrospective approach effective January 1, 2018.   For more information on the adoption of the
Tax Act, see Note 23.            



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            179 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 3. Segment Information 

 


 We report our results of
operations consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision
makers review the business to assess performance and allocate resources. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2017, we finalized
our plan to reorganize our operating model. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2017,
we reported our results as follows: 

 ·        Commercial
Insurance business included our Liability and Financial Lines and Property and
Special Risks operating segments; 

 ·        Consumer
Insurance business included our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life
Insurance and Personal Insurance operating segments 

 ·        Other
Operations category consisted of businesses and items not allocated to our
operating segments, including Institutional Markets, United Guaranty and Fuji
Life. 

 ·        Legacy
Portfolio segment consisted of Legacy Insurance Lines representing exited or
discontinued product lines, policy forms or distribution channels. 

 We now report our results of operations as
follows: 

 General Insurance 

 General Insurance business is presented as two
operating segments: 

 ·        North America   — consists of insurance
businesses in the United States, Canada and Bermuda. 

 ·        International    — consists of insurance
businesses in Japan, United Kingdom, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America,
Puerto Rico, Australia, the Middle East and Africa. 

 Results are
presented before internal reinsurance transactions.  North America and
International operating segments consist of the following products: 

 –     Commercial
Lines — consists of Liability, Financial Lines, Property and Special
Risks. 

 –     Personal
Insurance — consists of Personal Lines and Accident and Health.  

 Life and Retirement 

 Life and Retirement business is presented as
four operating segments:  

 ·        Individual Retirement  — consists of fixed
annuities, fixed index annuities, variable annuities and retail mutual funds. 

 ·        Group Retirement  — consists of group mutual
funds, group fixed annuities, group variable annuities, individual annuity and
investment products, financial planning and advisory services. 

 ·        Life Insurance  — primary products in the U.S.
include term life and universal life insurance. International operations
include distribution of life and health products in the UK and Ireland. 

 ·        Institutional Markets  — consists of stable
value wrap products, structured settlement and pension risk transfer annuities,
corporate- and bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed investment contracts
(GICs). 

 Other Operations 

 The Other Operations
category consists of: 

 ·        Income
from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries. 

 ·        General
operating expenses not attributable to specific reporting segments. 

 ·        Interest
expense. 

 ·        Blackboard    —  
 a data-enabled, digital subsidiary that provides the commercial
insurance industry with alternative solutions using digital technology, data
analytics and automation 

 ·        United Guaranty  — Mortgage insurance protects
mortgage lenders and investors against the increased risk of borrower default
related to high loan-to-value mortgages. The sale of this business was
completed on December 31, 2016.   

 ·        Fuji Life  — consists of term insurance, life
insurance, endowment policies and annuities. The sale of this business was
completed on April 30, 2017. 


 


 

 180                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 Legacy Portfolio 

 The
Legacy Portfolio segment consists of: 

 Legacy Insurance Lines represent exited or discontinued
product lines, policy forms or distribution channels. 

 ·        Legacy General Insurance Run-Off Lines —  consists
of asbestos and environmental exposures and other exposures within certain
Property and Casualty profit centers no longer actively marketed, including
excess workers’ compensation, environmental impairment liability, public entity
liability, accident & health, physicians and surgeons professional
liability, and various other workers’ compensation and general liability
exposures. 

 ·        Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines —  include
whole life, long-term care and exited accident & health product lines. Also
includes certain structured settlement, pension risk transfer annuities and
single premium immediate annuities written prior to April 2012. 

 ·        Legacy Investments  —  include investment classes that we have placed into
run-off. 

 On December 31, 2016, we completed the sale of
United Guaranty to Arch.  See Note 1 for a further discussion. 

 In
the second quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and certain of our General
Insurance companies entered into a 50 percent quota share reinsurance agreement
whereby the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent of the risk
relating to policies written in 2014 that were current as of January 1, 2015
and (2) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to all policies written in 2015
and 2016, each in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission and
reimbursements of 50 percent of the losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred on covered policies. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the
effect of this intercompany reinsurance arrangements is included in the results
of Property and Special Risks and Other Operations for all periods presented.
Previously, this arrangement was eliminated for purposes of segment reporting.
Concurrent with the closing of the sale of United Guaranty, we amended and
restated this arrangement and expect the results of this arrangement to
continue to be reported in Property and Special Risks. 

 Investment income of the General Insurance companies is
attributed to the North America and International operating segments based on
an internal investment income allocation model. The model estimates investable
funds based primarily on loss reserves and unearned premiums. Investment income
of the Life and Retirement companies is attributed to the Individual Retirement,
Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets operating segments
as well as the Legacy Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines based on invested
assets in segregated product line portfolios; income from invested assets in
excess of liabilities is allocated to product lines based on internal capital
estimates. 

 We evaluate segment performance based on adjusted
revenues and adjusted pre-tax income (loss). Adjusted revenues and adjusted
pre-tax income (loss) are derived by excluding certain items from total
revenues and net income (loss) attributable to AIG, respectively.  For the
items excluded from adjusted revenues and adjusted pre-tax income (loss) see
the table below. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            181 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 The following table
presents AIG’s continuing operations by operating segment:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjusted 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax  
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Revenues  
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   of DAC 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North
  America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,600 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (232) 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,460 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,765 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (813) 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional
  Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   264 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   968 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,470 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,776 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from adjusted pre-tax income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income (loss): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes
  in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
 
   
   Changes
  in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (291) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gain
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
 
   
   Income
  from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   (Unfavorable)
  favorable prior year development and related amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes
  ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (303) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  loss reserve discount (benefit) charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
 
   
   Pension
  expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   former
  employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues
  and Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North
  America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,041 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,399) 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,051) 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional
  Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,778 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   613 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   978 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,011) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (494) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (351) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and adjusted  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54,191 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,945 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from adjusted pre-tax income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes
  in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Changes
  in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   545 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   (Unfavorable)
  favorable prior year development and related amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes
  ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  loss reserve discount (benefit) charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
 




 


 

 182                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 

 
  
   
   Pension expense related to a one-time
  lump sum payment to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   former
  employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (694) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues
  and Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North
  America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,482 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,186 
   
  
     
   
  
   550 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,620 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  General Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,319 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional
  Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,267 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,124 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (825) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (315) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,591 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,096 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,984 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from adjusted pre-tax income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes
  in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes
  in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
   (Unfavorable)
  favorable prior year development and related amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes
  ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (263) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  loss reserve discount (benefit) charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues
  and Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 



 The following table presents AIG’s year-end identifiable assets and
capital expenditures by legal entity category: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Year-End
  Identifiable Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital
  Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114,841 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   239 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   685 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   289,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   269,813 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and Elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,852) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,119 
   
  
 



 The following table presents AIG’s consolidated total revenues and real
estate and other fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation, by major
geographic area: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Real
  Estate and Other Fixed Assets,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   Total
  Revenues * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of
  Accumulated Depreciation 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,149 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,819 
   
  
 
   
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,647 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   892 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,316 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,522 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,135 
   
  
 



 *    Revenues
are generally reported according to the geographic location of the reporting
unit. International revenues consists of revenues from our General Insurance
International operating segment.                          



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            183 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   4.
Held-For-Sale Classification 

   


 
 4. Held-For-Sale Classification 

 


 Held-For-Sale Classification 

 We
report a business as held-for-sale when management has approved the sale or
received approval to sell the business and is committed to a formal plan, the
business is available for immediate sale, the business is being actively
marketed, the sale is anticipated to occur during the next 12 months and
certain other specified criteria are met. A business classified as
held-for-sale is recorded at the lower of its carrying amount or estimated fair
value less cost to sell. If the carrying amount of the business exceeds its
estimated fair value, a loss is recognized.  

 Assets and
liabilities related to the businesses classified as held-for-sale are
separately reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheets beginning in the period
in which the business is classified as held-for-sale. 

 At
December 31, 2017, we had no businesses classified as held-for-sale. At
December 31, 2016, the following businesses were reported as held-for-sale: 

 United Guaranty Asia 

 On August 15,
2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our 100 percent interest
in United Guaranty and certain related affiliates to Arch. This transaction
closed on December 31, 2016 and we received proceeds of approximately $3.3
billion, consisting of $2.2 billion of cash, and approximately $1.1 billion of
newly issued Arch convertible non-voting common-equivalent preferred stock. We
also received $261 million in pre-closing dividends from United Guaranty in the
fourth quarter of 2016.  However, due to pending regulatory approvals, United
Guaranty Asia was not included in the December 31, 2016 closing and $40 million
of cash consideration was retained by Arch. The sale of United Guaranty Asia
was completed on July 1, 2017 and we received the $40 million cash proceeds. 

 Sale of Certain Insurance Subsidiary Operations to Fairfax 

 On October 18,
2016, we entered into agreements to sell certain insurance operations to
Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax). The agreements include the sale
of our subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Uruguay, Venezuela
and Turkey. Fairfax will also acquire renewal rights for the portfolios of
local business written by our operations in Bulgaria, the Czech Republic,
Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia, and assume certain of our operating
assets and employees. Total cash consideration to us is expected to be
approximately $234 million. The transaction is closing on a country-by-country
basis as the regulatory approvals are obtained.  In the second quarter of 2017,
the sale of operations in Turkey as well as the renewal rights in Bulgaria, the
Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia were completed, which resulted in
total cash proceeds of $48 million. In the third quarter of 2017, the sale of
the operations in Colombia, Chile and Argentina were completed, which resulted
in cash proceeds of $168 million. Substantially all of the operations and
renewal rights that we agreed to sell Fairfax were sold by December 31, 2017. 

 AIG Fuji Life Insurance  

 On November 14,
2016, we entered into an agreement to sell Fuji Life to FWD Group, the
insurance arm of Pacific Century Group. Total cash consideration to us was
approximately $333 million. The sale resulted in a  pr e- ta x loss of  $591    m i ll i  ☐  n.
  The sale of Fuji Life was completed on April
30, 2017. 

      

 
 


 

 184                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   4.
Held-For-Sale Classification 

   


 
 The following table summarizes the components
of assets and liabilities held-for-sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at
December 31, 2016: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,045 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Accrued investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and other receivables, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
 
   
   Assets of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,720 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Loss Accrual 
   
  
     
   
  
   (521) 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets held for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
 
   
   Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and accident and health
  insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,579 
   
  
 
   
   Other policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   378 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities held for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
 










 

 5. Fair Value Measurements 

 


 Fair Value
Measurements on a Recurring Basis 

 We carry certain of our financial instruments at fair value.
We define the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount that would be
received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are
responsible for the determination of the value of the investments carried at
fair value and the supporting methodologies and assumptions. 

 The degree of judgment used in measuring the fair value of
financial instruments generally inversely correlates with the level of
observable valuation inputs. We maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Financial
instruments with quoted prices in active markets generally have more pricing
observability and less judgment is used in measuring fair value. Conversely,
financial instruments for which no quoted prices are available have less
observability and are measured at fair value using valuation models or other
pricing techniques that require more judgment. Pricing observability is
affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument,
whether the financial instrument is new to the market and not yet established,
the characteristics specific to the transaction, liquidity and general market
conditions. 

 Fair Value Hierarchy 

 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in accordance
with a fair value hierarchy consisting of three “levels” based on the
observability of valuation inputs: 

 •       Level 1:  Fair value measurements based on quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets that we have the ability to access for
identical assets or liabilities.  Market price data generally is obtained from
exchange or dealer markets. We do not adjust the quoted price for such
instruments. 

 •       Level 2:   Fair value measurements based on
inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable
for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs
include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets,
quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable
at commonly quoted intervals. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            185 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 •     
 Level 3:  Fair value measurements
based on valuation techniques that use significant inputs that are
unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine
the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The circumstances for
using these measurements include those in which there is little, if any, market
activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must make certain
assumptions about the inputs a hypothetical market participant would use to
value that asset or liability.  

 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair
value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such
cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value
measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 

 The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for instruments carried at fair value. These methodologies
are applied to assets and liabilities across the levels discussed above, and it
is the observability of the inputs used that determines the appropriate level
in the fair value hierarchy for the respective asset or liability. 

 Valuation Methodologies of Financial Instruments
Measured at Fair Value 

 Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements 

 •       Our Own Credit Risk.     Fair value measurements
for certain liabilities incorporate our own credit risk by determining the
explicit cost for each counterparty to protect against its net credit exposure
to us at the balance sheet date by reference to observable AIG CDS or cash bond
spreads. We calculate the effect of credit spread changes using discounted cash
flow techniques that incorporate current market interest rates. A derivative
counterparty’s net credit exposure to us is determined based on master netting
agreements, when applicable, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with us, as well as collateral we post with the counterparty at the
balance sheet date.  For a description of how we
incorporate our own credit risk in the valuation of embedded derivatives
related to certain annuity and life insurance products see Embedded Derivatives
within Policyholder Contract Deposits below. 

 •       Counterparty Credit Risk. 
   Fair value measurements for freestanding
derivatives incorporate counterparty credit by determining the explicit cost
for us to protect against our net credit exposure to each counterparty at the
balance sheet date by reference to observable counterparty CDS  spreads,
when available. When not available, other directly or indirectly observable
credit spreads will be used to derive the best estimates of the counterparty
spreads. Our net credit exposure to a counterparty is determined based on
master netting agreements, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with the counterparty, as well as collateral posted by the
counterparty at the balance sheet date. 

 Fair values for fixed maturity securities based
on observable market prices for identical or similar instruments implicitly
incorporate counterparty credit risk. Fair values for fixed maturity securities
based on internal models incorporate counterparty credit risk by using discount
rates that take into consideration cash issuance spreads for similar
instruments or other observable information. 

 For fair values measured based on internal models, the cost
of credit protection is determined under a discounted present value approach
considering the market levels for single name CDS spreads for each specific
counterparty, the mid-market value of the net exposure (reflecting the amount
of protection required) and the weighted average life of the net exposure. CDS
spreads are provided to us by an independent third party. We utilize an
interest rate based on the benchmark London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)
curve to derive our discount rates. 

 While this approach does not explicitly consider all
potential future behavior of the derivative transactions or potential future
changes in valuation inputs, we believe this approach provides a reasonable
estimate of the fair value of the assets and liabilities, including
consideration of the impact of non-performance risk. 

 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure fixed
maturity securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from
dealer markets. 

 We employ independent third-party valuation service
providers to gather, analyze, and interpret market information to derive fair
value estimates for individual investments, based upon market-accepted
methodologies and assumptions. The methodologies used by these independent
third-party valuation service providers are reviewed and understood by management,
through periodic discussion with and information provided by the independent
third-party valuation service providers. In addition, as discussed further
below, control processes are applied to the fair values received from
independent third-party valuation service providers to ensure the accuracy of
these values. 


 


 

 186                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Valuation
service providers typically obtain data about market transactions and other key
valuation model inputs from multiple sources and, through the use of market-accepted
valuation methodologies, which may utilize matrix pricing, financial models,
accompanying model inputs and various assumptions, provide a single fair value
measurement for individual securities. The inputs used by the valuation service
providers include, but are not limited to, market prices from completed
transactions for identical securities and transactions for comparable
securities, benchmark yields, interest rate yield curves, credit spreads, prepayment
rates, default rates, recovery assumptions, currency rates, quoted prices for
similar securities and other market-observable information, as applicable. If
fair value is determined using financial models, these models generally take
into account, among other things, market observable information as of the
measurement date as well as the specific attributes of the security being
valued, including its term, interest rate, credit rating, industry sector, and
when applicable, collateral quality and other security or issuer-specific
information. When market transactions or other market observable data is
limited, the extent to which judgment is applied in determining fair value is
greatly increased. 

 We have control processes designed to ensure that the fair
values received from independent third-party valuation service providers are
accurately recorded, that their data inputs and valuation techniques are
appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions used appear
reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value. We
assess the reasonableness of individual security values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers through various analytical techniques,
and have procedures to escalate related questions internally and to the independent
third-party valuation service providers for resolution. To assess the degree of
pricing consensus among various valuation service providers for specific asset
types, we conduct comparisons of prices received from available sources. We use
these comparisons to establish a hierarchy for the fair values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers to be used for particular security
classes. We also validate prices for selected securities through reviews by
members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of
those charged with executing investing transactions. 

 When our independent third-party valuation service providers
are unable to obtain sufficient market observable information upon which to
estimate the fair value for a particular security, fair value is determined
either by requesting brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities to
provide a price quote, which is generally non-binding, or by employing market accepted
valuation models. Broker prices may be based on an income approach, which
converts expected future cash flows to a single present value amount, with
specific consideration of inputs relevant to particular security types. For
structured securities, such inputs may include ratings, collateral types,
geographic concentrations, underlying loan vintages, loan delinquencies and
defaults, loss severity assumptions, prepayments, and weighted average coupons
and maturities. When the volume or level of market activity for a security is
limited, certain inputs used to determine fair value may not be observable in
the market. Broker prices may also be based on a market approach that considers
recent transactions involving identical or similar securities. Fair values
provided by brokers are subject to similar control processes to those noted
above for fair values from independent third-party valuation service providers,
including management reviews. For those corporate debt instruments (for
example, private placements) that are not traded in active markets or that are
subject to transfer restrictions, valuations reflect illiquidity and
non-transferability, based on available market evidence. When observable price
quotations are not available, fair value is determined based on discounted cash
flow models using discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price
levels of comparable securities, adjusted for illiquidity and structure. Fair
values determined internally are also subject to management review to ensure
that valuation models and related inputs are reasonable. 

 The methodology above is relevant for all fixed maturity
securities including residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial
mortgage backed securities (CMBS), collateralized debt obligations (CDO), other
asset‑backed securities (ABS) and fixed maturity securities issued by
government sponsored entities and corporate entities. 

 Equity Securities Traded in Active Markets 

 Whenever
available, we obtain quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at
the balance sheet date to measure equity securities at fair value. Market price
data is generally obtained from exchange or dealer markets. 

 Mortgage and Other Loans Receivable 

 We estimate the
fair value of mortgage and other loans receivable that are measured at fair
value by using dealer quotations, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal
valuation models. The determination of fair value considers inputs such as
interest rate, maturity, the borrower’s creditworthiness, collateral,
subordination, guarantees, past-due status, yield curves, credit curves,
prepayment rates, market pricing for comparable loans and other relevant
factors. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            187 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Other Invested
Assets 

 We initially
estimate the fair value of investments in certain hedge funds, private equity
funds and other investment partnerships by reference to the transaction price.
Subsequently, we generally obtain the fair value of these investments from net
asset value information provided by the general partner or manager of the
investments, the financial statements of which are generally audited annually.
We consider observable market data and perform certain control procedures to
validate the appropriateness of using the net asset value as a fair value
measurement. The fair values of other investments carried at fair value, such
as direct private equity holdings, are initially determined based on
transaction price and are subsequently estimated based on available evidence
such as market transactions in similar instruments, other financing
transactions of the issuer and other available financial information for the
issuer, with adjustments made to reflect illiquidity as appropriate. 

 Short-term Investments 

 For short-term
investments that are measured at amortized cost, the carrying amounts of these
assets approximate fair values because of the relatively short period of time between
origination and expected realization, and their limited exposure to credit
risk.  Securities purchased under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase
agreements) are generally treated as collateralized receivables.  We report
certain receivables arising from securities purchased under agreements to
resell as Short-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When these
receivables are measured at fair value, we use market-observable interest rates
to determine fair value.  

 Separate Account Assets 

 Separate account
assets are composed primarily of registered and unregistered open-end mutual
funds that generally trade daily and are measured at fair value in the manner
discussed above for equity securities traded in active markets. 

 Freestanding Derivatives 

 Derivative
assets and liabilities can be exchange - traded or traded over-the-counter (OTC). We generally value
exchange - traded
derivatives such as futures and options using quoted prices in active markets
for identical derivatives at the balance sheet date. 

 OTC derivatives
are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever
possible, including market - based inputs to models, model calibration to market
clearing transactions, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources
with reasonable levels of price transparency. When models are used, the
selection of a particular model to value an OTC derivative depends on the
contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in the instrument, as well as
the availability of pricing information in the market. We generally use similar
models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of
inputs, including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves,
credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and correlations of
such inputs. For OTC derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic
forwards, swaps and options, model inputs can generally be corroborated by
observable market data by correlation or other means, and model selection does
not involve significant management judgment. 

 For certain OTC
derivatives that trade in less liquid markets, where we generally do not have
corroborating market evidence to support significant model inputs and cannot
verify the model to market transactions, the transaction price may provide the
best estimate of fair value. Accordingly, when a pricing model is used to value
such an instrument, the model is adjusted so the model value at inception
equals the transaction price. We will update valuation inputs in these models
only when corroborated by evidence such as similar market transactions,
independent third-party valuation service providers and/or broker or dealer
quotations, or other empirical market data. When appropriate, valuations are
adjusted for various factors such as liquidity, bid/offer spreads and credit
considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market
evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate is used. 

 We value our
super senior credit default swap portfolio using prices obtained from vendors
and/or counterparties.  The valuation of the super senior credit derivatives is
complex because of the limited availability of market observable information
due to the lack of trading and price transparency in certain structured finance
markets. Our valuation methodologies for the super senior CDS portfolio have
evolved over time in response to market conditions and the availability of
market observable information. We have sought to calibrate the methodologies to
available market information and to review the assumptions of the methodologies
on a regular basis.  

 Embedded Derivatives within Policyholder Contract Deposits 

 Certain variable
annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts contain embedded derivatives
that we bifurcate from the host contracts and account for separately at fair
value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.  These embedded
derivatives are classified within Policyholder contract deposits.  We have concluded
these contracts contain either (i) a written option that guarantees a
minimum accumulation value at maturity, (ii) a written option that
guarantees annual withdrawals regardless of underlying market performance for a
specific period or for life, or (iii) equity - indexed written options that meet the
criteria of derivatives and must be bifurcated. 


 


 

 188                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The fair value of embedded derivatives contained in certain
variable annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts is measured based on
actuarial and capital market assumptions related to projected cash flows over
the expected lives of the contracts. These discounted cash flow projections
primarily include benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable. In some
instances, the projected cash flows from fees may exceed projected cash flows
related to benefit payments and therefore, at a point in time, the carrying
value of the embedded derivative may be in a net asset position. The projected
cash flows incorporate best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including
mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization), along with an explicit
risk margin to reflect a market participant’s estimates of projected cash flows
and policyholder behavior. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are
subjective and based primarily on our historical experience. 

 Because of the
dynamic and complex nature of the projected cash flows with respect to embedded
derivatives in our variable annuity contracts, risk neutral valuations are
used, which are calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices.
Estimating the underlying cash flows for these products involves judgments
regarding expected market rates of return, market volatility, credit spreads, correlations
of certain market variables, fund performance, discount rates and policyholder
behavior. The portion of fees attributable to the fair value of expected
benefit payments are included within the fair value measurement of these
embedded derivatives, and related fees are classified in net realized gain/loss
as earned, consistent with other changes in the fair value of these embedded
policy derivatives.  Any portion of the fees not attributed to the embedded
derivatives are excluded from the fair value measurement and classified in
policy fees as earned. 

 With respect to
embedded derivatives in our equity - indexed annuity and life contracts, option pricing models
are used to estimate fair value, taking into account assumptions for future
equity index growth rates, volatility of the equity index, future interest
rates, and our ability to adjust the participation rate and the cap on equity - indexed credited rates in
light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions.  

 Projected cash
flows are discounted using the interest rate swap curve (swap curve), which is
commonly viewed as being consistent with the credit spreads for highly‑rated
financial institutions (S&P AA-rated or above). A swap curve shows the
fixed-rate leg of a non-complex swap against the floating rate (for
example, LIBOR) leg of a related tenor. We also incorporate our own risk
of non-performance in the valuation of the embedded derivatives associated with
variable annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts. The non-performance
risk adjustment reflects a market participant’s view of our claims-paying
ability by incorporating an additional spread to the swap curve used to
discount projected benefit cash flows in the valuation of these embedded
derivatives. The non-performance risk adjustment is calculated by constructing
forward rates based on a weighted average of observable corporate credit
indices to approximate the claims-paying ability rating of our Life and
Retirement companies. 

 Long-Term Debt 

 The fair value
of non-structured liabilities is generally determined by using market prices
from exchange or dealer markets, when available, or discounting expected cash
flows using the appropriate discount rate for the applicable maturity. We
determine the fair value of structured liabilities and hybrid financial
instruments (where performance is linked to structured interest rates,
inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate derivative valuation
methodology (described above) given the nature of the embedded risk profile. In
addition, adjustments are made to the valuations of both non-structured and
structured liabilities to reflect our own creditworthiness based on the
methodology described under the caption “Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair
Value Measurements – Our Own Credit Risk” above. 

 Borrowings under
obligations of guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), which are guaranteed by
us, are recorded at fair value using discounted cash flow calculations based on
interest rates currently being offered for similar contracts and our current
market observable implicit credit spread rates with maturities consistent with
those remaining for the contracts being valued. Obligations may be called at
various times prior to maturity at the option of the counterparty. Interest
rates on these borrowings are primarily fixed, vary by maturity and range up to
7.62 percent. 

 Other Liabilities 

 Other
liabilities measured at fair value include certain securities sold under
agreements to repurchase and certain securities sold but not yet purchased.
Liabilities arising from securities sold under agreements to repurchase are
generally treated as collateralized borrowings. We estimate the fair value of
liabilities arising under these agreements by using market - observable interest
rates. This methodology considers such factors as the coupon rate, yield curves
and other relevant factors. Fair values for securities sold but not yet
purchased are based on current market prices.  

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            189 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
on a Recurring Basis 

 The following table presents information about assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the level of the fair
value measurement based on the observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (b) 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,455 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of
  states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,240 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,659 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   209,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,802 
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of
  states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,909 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   421 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,885 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,560 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
 
   
        
  Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
 
   
        
  Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   519 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other equity securities  
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
 
   
     
  Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other invested assets (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate
  contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,171 
   
  
 
   
        
  Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   827 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   831 
   
  
 
   
        
  Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
 
   
        
  Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
        
  Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty
  netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,623) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,249 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   922 
   
  
 
   
     
  Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
 
   
     
  Separate account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,798 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   225,760 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   350,652 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,150 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative
  liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,200 
   
  
 
   
        
  Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,245 
   
  
 
   
        
  Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
        
  Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
 
   
        
  Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,713) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,430 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,162 
   
  
 




 


 

 190                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (b) 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,535 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   131,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,413 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   211,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,939 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,772 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   420 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,025 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   603 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   905 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,608 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
 
   
        
  Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
 
   
        
  Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
 
   
     
  Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other invested assets (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,320 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty
  netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,168) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
 
   
     
  Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   681 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,341 
   
  
 
   
     
  Separate account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,972 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   346,433 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,077 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty
  netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,786) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,787 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,489 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,507 
   
  
 



 (a)  Excludes investments that are
measured at fair value using the net asset value (NAV) per share (or its
equivalent), which totaled $6.0 billion and $6.7 billion as of December 31,
2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. 

 (b)  Represents netting of derivative exposures
covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            191 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets and
Liabilities 

 Our policy is to record transfers of assets and liabilities
between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of
each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair
value. Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer
transacted with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market.
Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when
transaction volume and frequency are indicative of an active market.  

 During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we
transferred $0.4 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, of securities
issued by Non-U.S. government entities from Level 1 to Level 2, because
they are no longer considered actively traded. For similar reasons, during the years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we transferred $113 million and $34
million, respectively, of securities issued by the U.S. government and
government‑sponsored entities from Level 1 to Level 2. Additionally,
we transferred $126 million of preferred stock from Level 1 to Level 2 during
the year ended December 31, 2017. We had no material transfers of preferred
stock from Level 1 to Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2016. There
were no material transfers from Level 2 to Level 1 during the years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.  

 Changes in Level 3 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

 The following tables present changes during the years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 in Level 3 assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and the realized and unrealized
gains (losses) related to the Level 3 assets and liabilities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses) Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements, Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations
  of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   municipalities
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   political
  subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   886 
   
  
     
   
  
   (604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,071 
   
  
     
   
  
   942 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,763) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,820) 
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,472) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,582) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,861) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   481 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  securities available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage
  and other loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,666 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,647) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   956 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,643) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,763 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   487 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 192                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses) Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Gains) Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements, Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder
  contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   296 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (499) 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative
  liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
   Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   liabilities,
  net (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   639 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (318) 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses) Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements, Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations
  of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   municipalities
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   political
  subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (878) 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (185) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,720 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,348) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
        
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
        
  CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,623) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   (393) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,662) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   (418) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  securities available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Mortgage and other loans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,275) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,485) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,666 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (410) 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            193 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses) Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Gains) Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements, Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   441 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   303 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (366) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
        
  Foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
           
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
         Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
        
  Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   505 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
        
  Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   liabilities,
  net (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   556 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   341 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
 



 (a)  Total
Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in these tables for
presentation purposes only. 

 (b)  Includes
guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable. 

 Net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in income
related to Level 3 assets and liabilities shown above are reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,039 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   (Gains)
  Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   807 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   807 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 194                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The following table presents the gross components
of purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net, shown above for years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 related to Level 3 assets and liabilities in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases,
  Sales, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances
  and 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of
  states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   286 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,702) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,763) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (677) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   (243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,799) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,820) 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   (218) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,526) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,582) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,796) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,861) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,071) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,629) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,647) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   296 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative
  liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of
  states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,635 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,432) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (878) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (381) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (641) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,720 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   (311) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,670) 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond
  securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   (458) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,623) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   465 
   
  
     
   
  
   (648) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,662) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (971) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,278) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,275) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   437 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   303 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative
  liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   437 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (278) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
 



 (a)  There
were no issuances during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

 (b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.    

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            195 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine
the fair values of positions classified in Level 3 in the tables above. As
a result, the unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December 31,
2017 and 2016 may include changes in fair value that were attributable to both
observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable inputs
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities). 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 We
record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of Level 3
classification at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. The Net realized
and unrealized gains (losses) included in income (loss) or Other comprehensive
income (loss) as shown in the table above excludes $64 million and $188
million of net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred into
Level 3 during  2017  and 2016, respectively, and includes $36 million and
$189 million of net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred out of
Level 3 during  2017  and 2016, respectively. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, transfers into Level 3 assets
primarily included certain investments in private placement corporate debt,
RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS. Transfers of private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were primarily the result of limited
market pricing information that required us to determine fair value for these
securities based on inputs that are adjusted to better reflect our own assumptions
regarding the characteristics of a specific security or associated market
liquidity. The transfers of investments in RMBS, CMBS and CDO and certain ABS
into Level 3 assets were due to decreases in market transparency and liquidity
for individual security types.  

 During the years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, transfers out of Level 3 assets primarily
included private placement and other corporate debt, CMBS, RMBS, CDO/ABS and certain
investments in municipal securities. Transfers of certain investments in
municipal securities, corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3
assets were based on consideration of market liquidity as well as related
transparency of pricing and associated observable inputs for these investments.
Transfers of certain investments in private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS out of Level 3 assets were primarily the result of using
observable pricing information that reflects the fair value of those securities
without the need for adjustment based on our own assumptions regarding the
characteristics of a specific security or the current liquidity in the market.  

 Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities 

 There
were no significant transfers of derivative or other liabilities into or out of
Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

 
 


 

 196                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair
Value Measurements 

 The table below presents information about the significant
unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements for certain
Level 3 instruments, and includes only those instruments for which information about
the inputs is reasonably available to us, such as data from independent
third-party valuation service providers and from internal valuation models.
Because input information from third-parties with respect to certain Level 3
instruments (primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances
shown below may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,620 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.55%
  - 4.32% (3.94%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.26%
  - 12.22% (7.74%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,156 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate 
   
  
   3.97%
  - 13.42% (8.69%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity 
   
  
   43.15%
  - 77.15% (60.15%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate 
   
  
   3.31%
  - 8.30% (5.80%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   2.73%
  - 5.19% (3.96%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,254 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.38%
  - 4.78% (4.08%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   487 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   2.22%
  - 7.77% (4.99%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,994 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   6.45%
  - 51.25% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   0.35%
  - 14.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse multiplier 
   
  
   30.00%
  - 170.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   40.00%
  - 153.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization 
   
  
   90.00%
  - 100.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity /
  interest-rate correlation 
   
  
   20.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse
  rate 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   42.00%
  - 162.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Option
  Budget 
   
  
    1.00%
  - 4.00%  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   2.00%
  - 19.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            197 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,248 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   4.12% -
  4.91% (4.52%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.41% -
  6.38% (4.90%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,412 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate 
   
  
   3.95% -
  6.54% (5.25%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity 
   
  
   47.51% -
  80.98% (64.24%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate 
   
  
   3.28% -
  8.64% (5.96%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.28% -
  5.87% (4.57%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,368 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.67% -
  5.85% (4.76%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   0.48% -
  10.21% (5.34%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,777 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   13.00% -
  50.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   0.50% -
  20.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse multiplier 
   
  
   30.00% -
  170.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   42.00% -
  161.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization 
   
  
   100.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity /
  interest rate correlation 
   
  
   20.00% -
  40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   859 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse
  rate 
   
  
   1.00% -
  66.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   101.00%
  - 103.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Option
  Budget 
   
  
   1.00% -
  4.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   2.00% -
  19.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.00% -
  40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Information
received from third-party valuation service providers.  The ranges of the
unobservable inputs for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant
default rate relate to each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that
comprise the entire portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization
vehicles and not necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches)
purchased by us. The ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to
changes in the fair values of the tranches purchased by us, because there are
other factors relevant to the fair values of specific tranches owned by us
including, but not limited to, purchase price, position in the waterfall,
senior versus subordinated position and attachment points. 

 (b)  Represents
discount rates, estimates and assumptions that we believe would be used by
market participants when valuing these assets and liabilities. 

 (c)  Mortality
inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012 Individual Annuity Mortality Basic
table. 

 
 


 

 198                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The ranges of reported inputs for Obligations of states, municipalities
and political subdivisions, Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and CMBS valued
using a discounted cash flow technique consist of one standard deviation in
either direction from the value‑weighted average. The preceding table
does not give effect to our risk management practices that might offset risks
inherent in these Level 3 assets and liabilities. 

 Sensitivity to Changes in Unobservable Inputs 

 We
consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market data is not available
and that are developed using the best information available to us about the
assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of the instrument being
measured at fair value. The following paragraphs provide a general description
of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along with
interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs and
their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs
discussed below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and
unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the
discussion below. For each of the individual relationships described below, the
inverse relationship would also generally apply. 

 Obligations of States, Municipalities and Political Subdivisions 

 The
significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of certain
investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions
is yield.  In general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair
value of investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political
subdivisions. 

 Corporate Debt 

 Corporate
debt securities included in Level 3 are primarily private placement
issuances that are not traded in active markets or that are subject to transfer
restrictions. Fair value measurements consider illiquidity and
non-transferability. When observable price quotations are not available, fair
value is determined based on discounted cash flow models using discount rates
based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of publicly‑traded debt
of the issuer or other comparable securities, considering illiquidity and
structure. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of corporate debt is the yield. The yield is affected by the market
movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields. In addition, the
migration in credit quality of a given security generally has a corresponding
effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For example, a downward
migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding U.S. Treasury rates
constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would decrease the fair value
of corporate debt.   

 RMBS and CDO/ABS 

 The
significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurements of RMBS and
certain CDO/ABS valued by third‑party valuation service providers are
constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant default rates (CDR)
and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the probability of default will
generally be accompanied by a corresponding change in the assumption used for
the loss severity and an inverse change in the assumption used for prepayment
rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss severity, CDR and yield, in
isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair value measurement. Changes in
fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated
because the relationship between the directional change of each input is not
usually linear. 

 CMBS 

 The
significant unobservable input used in fair value measurements for CMBS is the
yield.  Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage pool are factored into the
yield.  CMBS generally feature a lower degree of prepayment risk than RMBS
because commercial mortgages generally contain a penalty for prepayment. In
general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair value of CMBS. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            199 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Embedded
derivatives within Policyholder contract deposits 

 Embedded derivatives
reported within Policyholder contract deposits include GMWB within variable annuity
products and interest crediting rates based on market indices within index
annuities, indexed life and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).  For any
given contract, assumptions for unobservable inputs vary throughout the period
over which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuing the embedded
derivative. The following unobservable inputs are used for valuing embedded
derivatives measured at fair value: 

 •       Long-term
equity volatilities represent equity volatility beyond the period for which
observable equity volatilities are available. Increases in assumed volatility
will generally increase the fair value of both the projected cash flows from
rider fees as well as the projected cash flows related to benefit payments.
Therefore, the net change in the fair value of the liability may be either a
decrease or an increase, depending on the relative changes in projected rider
fees and projected benefit payments.  

 •       Equity
/ interest rate correlation estimates the relationship between changes in
equity returns and interest rates in the economic scenario generator used to
value our GMWB embedded derivatives.  In general, a higher positive correlation
assumes that equity markets and interest rates move in a more correlated
fashion, which generally increases the fair value of the liability.   

 •       Base
lapse rate assumptions are determined by company experience and are adjusted at
the contract level using a dynamic lapse function, which reduces the base lapse
rate when the contract is in-the-money (when the contract holder’s guaranteed
value, as estimated by the company, is worth more than their underlying account
value). Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower in periods when a
surrender charge applies. Increases in assumed lapse rates will generally
decrease the fair value of the liability, as fewer policyholders would persist
to collect guaranteed withdrawal amounts.  

 •       Mortality
rate assumptions, which vary by age and gender, are based on company experience
and include a mortality improvement assumption. Increases in assumed mortality
rates will decrease the fair value of the liability, while lower mortality rate
assumptions will generally increase the fair value of the liability, because
guaranteed payments will be made for a longer period of time.  

 •       Utilization
assumptions estimate the timing when policyholders with a GMWB will elect to
utilize their benefit and begin taking withdrawals. The assumptions may vary by
the type of guarantee, tax-qualified status, the contract’s withdrawal history
and the age of the policyholder. Utilization assumptions are based on company
experience, which includes partial withdrawal behavior. Increases in assumed
utilization rates will generally increase the fair value of the liability. 

 •       Option
budget estimates the expected long-term cost of options used to hedge exposures
associated with equity price changes. The level of option budgets determines
future costs of the options, which impacts the growth in account value and the
valuation of embedded derivatives.                                           

 
 


 

 200                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Investments in Certain Entities Carried at Fair
Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share 

 The following table includes information related to our investments
in certain other invested assets, including private equity funds, hedge funds
and other alternative investments that calculate net asset value per share (or
its equivalent). For these investments, which are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis, we use the net asset value per share to measure fair value. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Investment Category Includes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Category 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Private equity funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Leveraged buyout 
   
  
   Debt and/or equity investments made as part of a transaction in
  which assets of mature companies are acquired from the current shareholders,
  typically with the use of financial leverage 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,243 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   750 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real Estate /  
      Infrastructure 
   
  
   Investments in real estate properties and infrastructure
  positions, including power plants and other energy generating facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Venture capital 
   
  
   Early-stage, high-potential, growth companies expected to
  generate a return through an eventual realization event, such as an initial
  public offering or sale of the company 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in default, under bankruptcy
  protection, or troubled  
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes multi-strategy, mezzanine, and other strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   428 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
 
   
   Total private equity funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,227 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,248 
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Event-driven 
   
  
   Securities of companies undergoing material structural changes,
  including mergers, acquisitions and other reorganizations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-short 
   
  
   Securities that the manager believes are undervalued, with corresponding
  short positions to hedge market risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Macro 
   
  
   Investments that take long and short positions in financial
  instruments based on a top-down view of certain economic and capital market
  conditions 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   992 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in default, under bankruptcy
  protection or troubled   
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes investments held in funds that are less liquid, as well
  as other strategies which allow for broader allocation between public and
  private investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Total hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,997 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,741 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            201 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Private equity fund investments included above are not
redeemable, because distributions from the funds will be received when
underlying investments of the funds are liquidated. Private equity funds are
generally expected to have 10-year lives at their inception, but these lives
may be extended at the fund manager’s discretion, typically in one or two-year
increments. At December 31, 2017, assuming average original expected lives of
10 years for the funds, 58 percent of the total fair value using net
asset value per share (or its equivalent) presented above would have expected
remaining lives of three years or less, 17 percent between four and six years
and 25 percent between seven and 10 years. 

 The hedge fund
investments included above, which are carried at fair value, are generally
redeemable monthly (22 percent), quarterly (43 percent), semi-annually (12 percent)
and annually (23 percent), with redemption notices ranging from one day to
180 days. At December 31, 2017, investments representing approximately 49
percent of the total fair value of these hedge fund investments had partial contractual
redemption restrictions. These partial redemption restrictions are generally
related to one or more investments held in the hedge funds that the fund
manager deemed to be illiquid. The majority of these contractual restrictions,
which may have been put in place at the fund’s inception or thereafter, have
pre-defined end dates. The majority of these restrictions are generally
expected to be lifted by the end of 2018.    

 Fair Value Option 

 Under the fair
value option, we may elect to measure at fair value financial assets and
financial liabilities that are not otherwise required to be carried at fair
value. Subsequent changes in fair value for designated items are reported in
earnings. We elect the fair value option for certain hybrid securities given the
complexity of bifurcating the economic components associated with the embedded
derivatives.  

 For
additional information related to embedded derivatives refer to Note 11 herein. 

 Additionally, we
elect the fair value option for certain alternative investments when such
investments are eligible for this election. We believe this measurement basis
is consistent with the applicable accounting guidance used by the respective
investment company funds themselves. 

 For
additional information on securities and other invested assets for which we
have elected the fair value option refer to Note 6 herein. 

 The following table presents the gains or losses recorded related
to the eligible instruments for which we elected the fair value option: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
   Gain
  (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bond and equity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   447 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   616 
   
  
 
   
      Alternative investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
      Other, including Short-term
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Total gain 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   613 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships. 

 (b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds and mortgages payable. 

 Interest
income and dividend income on assets measured under the fair value option are
recognized and included in Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
of Income with the exception of activity within AIG’s Other Operations
category, which is included in Other income. Interest expense on liabilities
measured under the fair value option is reported in Other Income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  

 For
additional information about our policies for recognition, measurement, and
disclosure of interest and dividend income  see Note 6  herein. 


 


 

 202                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 During 2017, 2016 and  2015 , we recognized gains
of $4 million and $22 million, and loss of $4 million,
respectively, attributable to the observable effect of changes in credit
spreads on our own liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. We
calculate the effect of these credit spread changes using discounted cash flow
techniques that incorporate current market interest rates, our observable
credit spreads on these liabilities and other factors that mitigate the risk of
nonperformance such as cash collateral posted.  

 The following table presents the difference between fair values
and the aggregate contractual principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable
and long-term debt for which the fair value option was elected: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans
  receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,280 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,628 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   800 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.  

 There
were no mortgage or other loans receivable for which the fair value option was
elected that were 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status at
December 31, 2017 or 2016. 

 FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS ON A NON-RECURRING BASIS 

 We measure the fair value of certain assets on a
non-recurring basis, generally quarterly, annually or when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be
recoverable. These assets include cost and equity-method investments, commercial
mortgage loans, investments in life settlements, investments in real estate and
other fixed assets, goodwill and other intangible assets.  

 For additional information about how we test various
asset classes for impairment see Notes 6 and 7 herein. 

 Information regarding the estimation of fair
value for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis
is discussed below: 

 •       Impairments
for Other investments for the period ended December 31, 2015 primarily relate
to certain investments in affordable housing partnerships, the fair values of
which are determined based on remaining tax credits and other residual benefits
due from the respective partnerships. Residual benefits include consideration
of the fair value of underlying real estate properties, which is determined
based on market-appropriate capitalization rates applied to net operating
income of the properties. Impairments for Other investments for the period
ended December 31, 2016 primarily relate to certain investments in aircraft,
the fair values of which are determined based on third-party independent
appraisals that use industry specific appraisal standards and methodologies.
Impairments for Other investments for the period ended December 31, 2017
primarily relate to commercial mortgage loans, the fair values of which are
determined based on independent broker quotations or valuation models using
unobservable inputs, as well as the estimated fair value of the underlying
collateral or the present value of the expected future cash flows.  The rest of
the impairments relate to real estate investments, the fair values of which are
determined based on third-party independent appraisals or discounted cash-flow
models, as well as certain investments in aircraft, the fair values of which
are determined based on third-party independent appraisals that use
industry-specific appraisal standards and methodologies. 

 •       Impairments
of Investments in Life Settlements are measured using their fair values as
determined using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates the best
available market assumptions for mortality as well as market yields based on
reported transactions or the anticipated sale price, as appropriate. Effective
December 31, 2015, AIG adopted the Society of Actuaries 2015 Valuation Basic
Table (VBT) as the market mortality assumption used to measure fair value of
impaired policies. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            203 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The
following table presents assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis
at the time of impairment and the related impairment charges recorded during
the periods presented: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets
  at Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairment
  Charges 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Recurring
  Basis 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 2  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 3  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   594 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   492 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   809 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    Impairments include $35 million
related to other assets that were sold in 2017.  

 FAIR
VALUE INFORMATION ABOUT FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE 

 Information regarding the estimation of fair
value for financial instruments not carried at fair value (excluding insurance
contracts and lease contracts) is discussed below: 

 •       Mortgage and other loans receivable:   Fair values of
loans on commercial real estate and other loans receivable are estimated for
disclosure purposes using discounted cash flow calculations based on discount
rates that we believe market participants would use in determining the price
that they would pay for such assets. For certain loans, our current incremental
lending rates for similar types of loans are used as the discount rates,
because we believe this rate approximates the rates market participants would
use.  Fair values of residential mortgage loans are
generally determined based on market prices, using market based adjustments for
credit and servicing as appropriate.   The fair values of policy loans
are generally estimated based on unpaid principal amount as of each reporting
date. No consideration is given to credit risk because policy loans are
effectively collateralized by the cash surrender value of the policies. 

 •       Other invested assets:     The
majority of Other invested assets that are not measured at fair value in 2016
represent investments in life settlements. The fair value of investments in life
settlements is determined using a discounted cash flow methodology that
incorporates the best available market assumptions for longevity as well as
market yields based on reported transactions. Due to the individual life
nature of each investment in life settlements and the illiquidity of the
existing market, significant inputs to the fair value are unobservable. The
majority of the Other invested assets that are not measured at fair value in
2017 represent time deposits with the original maturity at purchase greater
than one year. The fair value of long-term time deposits is determined using
the expected discounted future cash flow. 

 •       Cash and short-term investments:     The carrying amounts of these assets approximate fair
values because of the relatively short period of time between origination and
expected realization, and their limited exposure to credit risk. 

 •       Policyholder contract deposits associated with
investment-type contracts:     Fair
values for policyholder contract deposits associated with investment-type
contracts not accounted for at fair value are estimated using discounted cash
flow calculations based on interest rates currently being offered for similar
contracts with maturities consistent with those of the contracts being valued.
When no similar contracts are being offered, the discount rate is the
appropriate swap rate (if available) or current risk-free interest rate
consistent with the currency in which the cash flows are denominated.  To
determine fair value, other factors include current policyholder account values
and related surrender charges and other assumptions include expectations about
policyholder behavior and an appropriate risk margin. 

 •       Other liabilities:   The
majority of Other liabilities that are financial instruments not measured at
fair value represent secured financing arrangements, including repurchase
agreements.  The carrying amounts of these liabilities approximate fair value,
because the financing arrangements are short-term and are secured by cash or
other liquid collateral. 

 •       Long-term debt:     Fair
values of these obligations were determined by reference to quoted market
prices, when available and appropriate, or discounted cash flow calculations
based upon our current market‑observable implicit‑credit‑spread
rates for similar types of borrowings with maturities consistent with those
remaining for the debt being valued. 


 


 

 204                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The following table
presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our financial
instruments not measured at fair value and indicates the level in the fair
value hierarchy of the estimated fair value measurement based on the
observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Estimated Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,644 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,761 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,018 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   590 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   593 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with
  investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   114,326 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,494 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,752 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other
  loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   161 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,575 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,736 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,229 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   955 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,474 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,961 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract
  deposits associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with
  investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,742 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   112,705 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,484 
   
  
 










 

 6. Investments 

 


 Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities 

 Bonds held to
maturity are carried at amortized cost when we have the ability and positive
intent to hold these securities until maturity. When we do not have the ability
or positive intent to hold bonds until maturity, these securities are
classified as available for sale or are measured at fair value at our election.
None of our fixed maturity securities met the criteria for held to maturity
classification at December 31, 2017 or 2016. 

 Fixed maturity
and equity securities classified as available for sale are carried at fair value.
Unrealized gains and losses from available for sale investments in fixed
maturity and equity securities are reported as a separate component of
Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of deferred policy acquisition
costs and deferred income taxes, in shareholders’ equity. Realized and
unrealized gains and losses from fixed maturity and equity securities measured
at fair value at our election are reflected in Net investment income (for
insurance subsidiaries) or Other income (for Other Operations). Investments in
fixed maturity and equity securities are recorded on a trade-date basis. 

 Premiums and
discounts arising from the purchase of bonds classified as available for sale
are treated as yield adjustments over their estimated holding periods, until maturity,
or call date, if applicable. For investments in certain RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS,
(collectively, structured securities), recognized yields are updated based on
current information regarding the timing and amount of expected undiscounted
future cash flows. For high credit quality structured securities, effective
yields are recalculated based on actual payments received and updated
prepayment expectations, and the amortized cost is adjusted to the amount that
would have existed had the new effective yield been applied since acquisition
with a corresponding charge or credit to net investment income. For structured
securities that are not high credit quality, effective yields are recalculated
and adjusted prospectively based on changes in expected undiscounted future
cash flows. For purchased credit impaired (PCI) securities, at acquisition, the
difference between the undiscounted expected future cash flows and the recorded
investment in the securities represents the initial accretable yield, which is
to be accreted into net investment income over the securities’ remaining lives
on an effective level‑yield basis. Subsequently, effective yields
recognized on PCI securities are recalculated and adjusted prospectively to
reflect changes in the contractual benchmark interest rates on variable rate
securities and any significant increases in undiscounted expected future cash
flows arising due to reasons other than interest rate changes. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            205 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Securities
Available for Sale 

 The following table presents the amortized cost or cost and fair
value of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other-Than- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost
  or 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  AOCI (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,532 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   717 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   126,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,666 
   
  
     
   
  
   (800) 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,181 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   (220) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,568 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   (377) 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,639 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   225,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,656 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   424 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   226,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,381) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,656 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   (254) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   773 
   
  
     
   
  
   (256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   126,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,311 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,212 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   278 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   (850) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,296 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,125) 
   
  
     
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   396 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   233,938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,817 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,140) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   243,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
the amount of other-than-temporary impairments recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income. Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on impaired
securities relating to changes in the fair value of such securities subsequent
to the impairment measurement date.                

 (b)  At
December 31, 2017 and 2016, bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $31.5 billion and $33.6 billion,
respectively. 

 
 


 

 206                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Securities Available for Sale in a Loss Position 

 The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized
losses on our available for sale securities, aggregated by major investment
category and length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Less
  than 12 Months 
   
  
     
   
  
   12
  Months or More 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   770 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   586 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,232 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   857 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   800 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,455 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   822 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   705 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,647 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,360 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,657 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   726 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,784 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,381 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   726 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,839 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,928 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,125 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,682 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,140 
   
  
 



 At December
31, 2017, we held 7,448 and 74 individual fixed maturity and equity securities,
respectively, that were in an unrealized loss position, of which 1,920
individual fixed maturity securities were in a continuous unrealized loss
position for 12 months or more. We did not recognize the unrealized losses in
earnings on these fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2017 because we
neither intend to sell the securities nor do we believe that it is more likely
than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of
their amortized cost basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant
declines, we performed fundamental credit analyses on a security-by-security
basis, which included consideration of credit enhancements, expected defaults
on underlying collateral, review of relevant industry analyst reports and forecasts
and other available market data. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            207 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Contractual
Maturities of Fixed Maturity Securities Available for Sale 

 The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of
fixed maturity securities available for sale by contractual maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total
  Fixed Maturity Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed
  Maturity Securities in a Loss 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
   Available
  for Sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   Position
  Available for Sale 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,932 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,071 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,515 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,093 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,571 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,944 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,143 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,342 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,857 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,076 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   225,461 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,647 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,796 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,994 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   581 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,958 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,841 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,226 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,332 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,629 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,110 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,618 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,493 
   
  
 



 Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers
have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. 

 The following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized
losses from sales or maturities of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   725 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   801 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   800 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   517 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   423 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,873 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   815 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   451 
   
  
 



 For the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the aggregate fair value of
available for sale securities sold was $31.3 billion, $30.2 billion and $28.7
billion, which resulted in net realized capital gains of $0.5 billion, $1.1
billion and $1.1 billion, respectively.  


 


 

 208                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Other Securities
Measured at Fair Value 

 The following table presents the fair value of other securities
measured at fair value based on our election of the fair value option: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,802 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,939 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,909 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,772 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,885 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,025 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   603 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS and other collateralized * 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,560 
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,608 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,004 
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,236 
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,772 
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   589 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,361 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,480 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
$251 million and $421 million of U.S. government agency backed ABS at December
31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 Other Invested Assets 

 The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of other
invested assets: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments (a) (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,308 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,379 
   
  
 
   
   Investment real estate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,900 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,516 
   
  
 
   
   All other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,422 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,822 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,538 
   
  
 



 (a)  At
December 31, 2017, included hedge funds of $5.8 billion, private equity funds
of $5.0 billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $543 million. At December
31, 2016, included hedge funds of $7.2 billion, private equity funds of $5.5
billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $625 million.  

 (b)  Approximately
75 percent of our hedge fund portfolio is available for redemption in 2018, an
additional 25 percent will be available between 2019 and 2024. 

 (c)  Net
of accumulated depreciation of $515 million and $451 million in 2017 and 2016,
respectively. 

 (d)  Consists
of investments in aircraft equipment held in a consolidated trust.  

 Other Invested Assets Carried at Fair Value 

 Certain
hedge funds, private equity funds, and other investment partnerships for which
we have elected the fair value option are reported at fair value with changes
in fair value recognized in Net investment income with the exception of
investments of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes are reported in
Other income.  Other investments in hedge funds, private equity funds and other
investment partnerships in which our insurance operations do not hold aggregate
interests sufficient to exercise more than minor influence over the respective
partnerships are reported at fair value with changes in fair value recognized
as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income.  These investments are subject to other-than-temporary impairment
evaluations  (see discussion below on evaluating equity investments for
other-than-temporary impairment) . The gross unrealized loss recorded in
Accumulated other comprehensive income on such investments was $45 million
and $32 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, the majority
of which pertains to investments in private equity funds and hedge funds that
have been in continuous unrealized loss positions for less than 12 months. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            209 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Other Invested Assets – Equity Method
Investments  

 We
account for hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable housing partnerships
and other investment partnerships using the equity method of accounting unless
our interest is so minor that we may have virtually no influence over
partnership operating and financial policies, or we have elected the fair value
option. Under the equity method of accounting, our carrying amount generally is
our share of the net asset value of the funds or the partnerships, and changes
in our share of the net asset values are recorded in Net investment income with
the exception of investments of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes
are reported in Other income. In applying the equity method of accounting, we
consistently use the most recently available financial information provided by
the general partner or manager of each of these investments, which is one to
three months prior to the end of our reporting period. The financial statements
of these investees are generally audited annually.  

 Summarized Financial Information of Equity Method Investees 

 The following is the aggregated summarized financial information
of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair value option
has been elected: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Operating results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,066 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,512 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,055 
   
  
 
   
      Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,835) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,361) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,898) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,151 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,157 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158,306 
   
  
 
   
      Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (35,585) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37,336) 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the carrying amount and ownership percentage
of equity method investments at December 31, 2017 and 2016: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except percentages) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity method investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Summarized
financial information for these equity method investees may be presented on a
lag, due to the unavailability of information for the investees at our
respective balance sheet dates, and is included for the periods in which we
held an equity method ownership interest .  

 Other Investments 

 Also included in
Other invested assets are real estate held for investment and investments in
aircraft equipment held in a consolidated trust. These investments are reported
at cost, less depreciation and are subject to impairment review, as discussed
below. 

 Investments in Life Settlements 

 Investments
in life settlements are accounted for under the investment method. Under the
investment method, we recognize our initial investment in life settlements at
the transaction price plus all initial direct external costs. Continuing costs
to keep the policy in force, primarily life insurance premiums, increase the
carrying amount of the investment. We recognize income on individual
investments in life settlements when the insured dies, at an amount equal to
the excess of the investment proceeds over the carrying amount of the investment
at that time. These investments are subject to impairment review, as discussed
below. 

 During
2017, 2016 and 2015, income recognized on investments in life settlements was $266 million,
$453 million and $332 million, respectively, and is included in Net investment
income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  We
sold the remaining portion of our life settlements portfolio in 2017. 

 
 


 

 210                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 Net
Investment Income 

 Net investment income represents income
primarily from the following sources: 

 •       Interest
income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums and accretion
of discounts with changes in the timing and the amount of expected principal
and interest cash flows reflected in yield, as applicable. 

 •       Dividend
income from common and preferred stocks. 

 •       Realized
and unrealized gains and losses from investments in other securities and
investments for which we elected the fair value option. 

 •       Earnings
from alternative investments. 

 •       The
difference between the carrying amount of an investment in life settlements and
the life insurance proceeds of the underlying life insurance policy recorded in
income upon the death of the insured. 

 The
following table presents the components of Net investment income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Available for sale fixed maturity securities, including
  short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,435 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,314 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,331 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   660 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
   Interest on mortgage and other loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,661 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,417 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   290 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
 
   
   Total investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,581 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
   528 
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
 



 *    Includes income from hedge funds,
private equity funds and affordable housing partnerships. Hedge funds for which
we elected the fair value option are recorded as of the balance sheet date.
Other hedge funds are generally reported on a one-month lag, while private
equity funds are generally reported on a one-quarter lag. 

 Net Realized Capital Gains
and Losses 

 Net realized capital gains and losses are
determined by specific identification. The net realized capital gains and
losses are generated primarily from the following sources: 

 •       Sales
or full redemptions of available for sale fixed maturity securities, available
for sale equity securities, real estate and other alternative investments. 

 •       Reductions
to the amortized cost basis of available for sale fixed maturity securities,
available for sale equity securities and certain other invested assets for
other-than-temporary impairments. 

 •       Impairments
on investments in life settlements. 

 •       Changes
in fair value of derivatives except for (1) those derivatives at AIGFP and
(2) those instruments that are designated as hedging instruments when the
change in the fair value of the hedged item is not reported in Net realized
capital gains (losses).  

 •       Exchange
gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            211 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 The
following table presents the components of Net realized capital losses: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   94 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   (234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
 
   
   Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,243) 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
 
   
   All other derivatives and hedge accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   (368) 
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments on investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (540) 
   
  
 
   
   Other (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   776 
   
  
 



 (a)  In
2016 and 2015 includes realized gains on the sale of a portion of our holdings
in  People’s Insurance Company (Group) of
China Limited and PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively,
our PICC Investment) . 

 (b)   In  2016,
primarily includes $107 million of realized gains due to a purchase price
adjustment on the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. and
losses of $253 million from the sale of a portion of our Life Settlements
portfolio.  In 2015, primarily
includes $ 357  million of realized gains due to the sale of common shares of
SpringLeaf Holdings (now known as OneMain Holdings, Inc.), $ 428  million of
realized gains due to the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc.
and $ 463  million of realized losses due to the sale of ordinary shares of
AerCap.             

 Change in Unrealized Appreciation
(Depreciation) of Investments 

 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of our available for sale securities and other
investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  of investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,019 
   
  
 
   
     Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,155) 
   
  
 
   
     Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) of investments * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,062 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   605 
   
  
 



 *    Excludes net unrealized gains
(losses) attributable to businesses held for sale. 

 Evaluating Investments for
Other-Than-Temporary Impairments 

 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 If we intend to sell a fixed maturity security or
it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a fixed maturity
security before recovery of its amortized cost basis and the fair value of the
security is below amortized cost, an other-than-temporary impairment has
occurred and the amortized cost is written down to current fair value, with a
corresponding charge to realized capital losses. When assessing our intent to
sell a fixed maturity security, or whether it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis, management evaluates relevant facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to, decisions to reposition our investment
portfolio, sales of securities to meet cash flow needs and sales of securities
to take advantage of favorable pricing.  

 For fixed maturity securities for which a credit impairment
has occurred, the amortized cost is written down to the estimated recoverable
value with a corresponding charge to realized capital losses. The estimated
recoverable value is the present value of cash flows expected to be collected,
as determined by management.  The difference between fair value and amortized
cost that is not related to a credit impairment is presented in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity securities on which
other-than-temporary credit impairments were recognized (a separate component
of accumulated other comprehensive income). 


 


 

 212                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 When estimating
future cash flows for structured fixed maturity securities (e.g., RMBS, CMBS,
CDO, ABS) management considers historical performance of underlying assets and
available market information as well as bond-specific structural
considerations, such as credit enhancement and priority of payment structure of
the security. In addition, the process of estimating future cash flows
includes, but is not limited to, the following critical inputs, which vary by
asset class: 

 •       Current
delinquency rates; 

 •       Expected
default rates and the timing of such defaults; 

 •       Loss
severity and the timing of any recovery; and 

 •       Expected
prepayment speeds. 

 For corporate, municipal and sovereign fixed
maturity securities determined to be credit impaired, management considers the
fair value as the recoverable value when available information does not
indicate that another value is more relevant or reliable. When management
identifies information that supports a recoverable value other than the fair
value, the determination of a recoverable value considers scenarios specific to
the issuer and the security, and may be based upon estimates of outcomes of
corporate restructurings, political and macroeconomic factors, stability and
financial strength of the issuer, the value of any secondary sources of
repayment and the disposition of assets. 

 We consider severe price declines in our assessment of
potential credit impairments. We may also modify our model inputs when we
determine that price movements in certain sectors are indicative of factors not
captured by the cash flow models.  

 In periods subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity
securities that is not foreign exchange related, we prospectively accrete into
earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the expected
undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining expected holding period of
the security. 

 Credit Impairments 

 The following table presents a rollforward of the
cumulative credit losses in other-than-temporary impairments recognized in
earnings for available for sale fixed maturity securities: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
 
   
      Increases due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impairments on new securities subject to impairment
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
         Additional credit impairments on previously impaired
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
 
   
      Reductions due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities fully disposed of for which
  there was no 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            prior intent or requirement to sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (296) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (399) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities for which there is a current
  intent or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            anticipated requirement to sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
         Accretion on securities previously impaired due to credit * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (669) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (735) 
   
  
 
   
   Divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
 



 *    Represents both accretion
recognized due to changes in cash flows expected to be collected over the
remaining expected term of the credit impaired securities and the accretion due
to the passage of time. 

 Equity
Securities 

 We evaluate our
available for sale equity securities for impairment by considering such
securities as candidates for other-than-temporary impairment if they meet any
of the following criteria: 

 •       The
security has traded at a significant (25 percent or more) discount to cost
for an extended period of time (nine consecutive months or longer); 

 •       A
discrete credit event has occurred resulting in (i) the issuer defaulting
on a material outstanding obligation; (ii) the issuer seeking protection
from creditors under the bankruptcy laws or any similar laws intended for
court-supervised reorganization of insolvent enterprises; or (iii) the
issuer proposing a voluntary reorganization pursuant to which creditors are
asked to exchange their claims for cash or securities having a fair value
substantially lower than the par value of their claims; or 

 •       We
have concluded that we may not realize a full recovery on our investment,
regardless of the occurrence of one of the foregoing events. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            213 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 The determination that
an equity security is other-than-temporarily impaired requires the judgment of
management and consideration of the fundamental condition of the issuer, its
near-term prospects and all the relevant facts and circumstances. In addition
to the above criteria, all equity securities that have been in a continuous
decline in value below cost over 12 months are impaired. We also consider
circumstances of a rapid and severe market valuation decline (50 percent or
more) discount to cost, in which we could not reasonably assert that the
impairment period would be temporary (severity losses). 

 Other Invested Assets 

 Our equity and cost method investments in private
equity funds, hedge funds and other entities are evaluated for impairment
similar to the evaluation of equity securities for impairments as discussed
above. Such evaluation considers market conditions, events and volatility that
may impact the recoverability of the underlying investments within these
private equity funds and hedge funds and is based on the nature of the
underlying investments and specific inherent risks. Such risks may evolve based
on the nature of the underlying investments. 

 Our investments in life settlements are monitored
for impairment on a contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life
settlements is considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting
from the expected proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated
future carrying amount, which is the current carrying amount for the investment
in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums and other
capitalizable future costs, if any.  Impaired investments in life settlements
are written down to their estimated fair value which is determined on a
discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality assumptions
and market yields or by repricing to the anticipated sale price as appropriate. 

 In general, fair value estimates for the investments in life
settlements are calculated using cash flows based on medical underwriting
ratings of the policies from a third-party underwriter, applied to an industry
mortality table. Our mortality assumptions are based on an industry table as supplemented
with proprietary data on the older age mortality of U.S. insured lives. Mortality
improvement factors are applied to these assumptions based on our view of
future mortality improvements likely to apply to the U.S. insured lives
population. Our mortality assumptions coupled with the mortality improvement
rates are used in our estimate of future net cash flows from the   investments in life settlements.  We sold the remaining portion
of our life settlements portfolio in 2017. 

 Our investments in aircraft assets and real estate are
periodically evaluated for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of an asset may be impaired. When impairment
indicators are present, we compare expected investment cash flows to carrying
amount. When the expected cash flows are less than the carrying amount, the
investments are written down to fair value with a corresponding charge to
earnings. 

 Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI) Securities 

 We
purchase certain RMBS securities that have experienced deterioration in credit
quality since their issuance. We determine whether it is probable at
acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required payments for
these PCI securities, including both principal and interest. At acquisition, the
timing and amount of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be received
on each PCI security is determined based on our best estimate using key
assumptions, such as interest rates, default rates and prepayment speeds. At
acquisition, the difference between the undiscounted expected future cash flows
of the PCI securities and the recorded investment in the securities represents
the initial accretable yield, which is accreted into Net investment income over
their remaining lives on an effective yield basis. Additionally, the difference
between the contractually required payments on the PCI securities and the
undiscounted expected future cash flows represents the non-accretable
difference at acquisition. The accretable yield and the non-accretable difference
will change over time, based on actual payments received and changes in
estimates of undiscounted expected future cash flows, which are discussed
further below.  

 On a quarterly
basis, the undiscounted expected future cash flows associated with PCI
securities are re-evaluated based on updates to key assumptions. Declines in
undiscounted expected future cash flows due to further credit deterioration as
well as changes in the expected timing of the cash flows can result in the
recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge, as PCI securities are
subject to our policy for evaluating investments for other-than-temporary
impairment. Changes to undiscounted expected future cash flows due solely to
the changes in the contractual benchmark interest rates on variable rate PCI
securities will change the accretable yield prospectively. Significant
increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows for reasons other than
interest rate changes are recognized prospectively as adjustments to the
accretable yield.  

 
 


 

 214                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 The following tables present information on
our PCI securities, which are included in bonds available for sale: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   At
  Date of Acquisition 
   
  
 
   
   Contractually required payments (principal and interest) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,642 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows expected to be collected * 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,040 
   
  
 
   
   Recorded investment in acquired securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,267 
   
  
 



 *    Represents
undiscounted expected cash flows, including both principal and interest. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding principal balance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,728 
   
  
 
   
   Amortized cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,987 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,293 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,922 
   
  
 



 The following table presents activity for the accretable yield on PCI
securities:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,498 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,846 
   
  
 
   
      Newly purchased PCI securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
 
   
      Disposals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Accretion 
   
  
     
   
  
   (797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (842) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of changes in interest rate indices 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
      Net reclassification from (to) non-accretable difference,
  including effects of prepayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   662 
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,498 
   
  
 



 Pledged Investments 

 Secured Financing and Similar Arrangements 

 We
enter into secured financing transactions whereby certain securities are sold
under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), in which we transfer securities
in exchange for cash, with an agreement by us to repurchase the same or
substantially similar securities. Our secured financing transactions also
include those that involve the transfer of securities to financial institutions
in exchange for cash (securities lending agreements). In all of these secured
financing transactions, the securities transferred by us (pledged collateral)
may be sold or repledged by the counterparties. These agreements are recorded
at their contracted amounts plus accrued interest, other than those that are
accounted for at fair value. 

 Pledged
collateral levels are monitored daily and are generally maintained at an
agreed-upon percentage of the fair value of the amounts borrowed during the
life of the transactions. In the event of a decline in the fair value of the
pledged collateral under these secured financing transactions, we may be
required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral under
these agreements.  At the termination of the transactions, we and our
counterparties are obligated to return the amounts borrowed and the securities
transferred, respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged
to counterparties under secured financing transactions,  including repurchase and securities lending
agreements:   

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,911 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,799 
   
  
 



 At December
31, 2017 and 2016, amounts borrowed under repurchase and securities lending
agreements totaled  $4.5  billion and  $4.2  billion ,
respectively. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            215 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 The following table presents the fair value
of securities pledged under our repurchase agreements by collateral type and by
remaining contractual maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Remaining
  Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Overnight
  and Continuous 
   
  
     
   
  
   up to
  30 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 -
  90 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 -
  364 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   365
  days or greater 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,452 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   860 
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,748 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   860 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   776 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,799 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged under
our securities lending agreements by collateral type and by remaining
contractual maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Remaining
  Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Overnight
  and Continuous 
   
  
     
   
  
   up to
  30 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 -
  90 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 -
  364 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   365
  days or greater 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and political  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,819 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   588 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and political  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,257 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 216                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   6.
Investments 

   


 
 We also enter into agreements in which securities are
purchased by us under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase agreements),
which are accounted for as secured financing transactions and reported as
short-term investments or other assets, depending on their terms. These
agreements  are recorded at their contracted
resale amounts plus accrued interest, other than those that are accounted for
at fair value.  In all reverse repurchase
transactions, we take possession of or obtain a security interest in the
related securities, and we have the right to sell or repledge this collateral
received. 

 The following table presents information on
the fair value of securities pledged to us under reverse repurchase agreements: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Securities collateral pledged to us 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,434 
   
  
 
   
   Amount sold or repledged by us 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 



 At
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, amounts loaned under reverse repurchase
agreements totaled $2.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively.  

 We do not currently offset any secured financing
transactions. All such transactions are collateralized and margined daily
consistent with market standards and subject to enforceable master netting
arrangements with rights of set off. 

 Insurance – Statutory and Other Deposits 

 The total
carrying value of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries
under requirements of regulatory authorities or other insurance-related
arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations and certain
reinsurance treaties, was $4.9 billion at both December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

 Other Pledges and Restrictions 

 Certain
of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) and such
membership requires the members to own stock in these FHLBs. We owned an
aggregate of $93 million and $114 million of stock in FHLBs at December 31,
2017 and 2016, respectively. In addition, our subsidiaries have pledged
securities available for sale and residential loans associated with advances
from FHLB, with a fair value of $2.7 billion and $471 million, respectively, at
December 31, 2017 and $3.4 billion and $17 million, respectively, at December
31, 2016, associated with advances from the FHLBs. 

 Certain GIAs
have provisions that require collateral to be posted or payments to be made by
us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings. The actual amount of
collateral required to be posted to the counterparties in the event of such
downgrades, and the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to
make, depend on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected
transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the
downgrade. The fair value of securities pledged as collateral with respect to
these obligations was approximately $2 billion and $2.2 billion at December 31,
2017 and 2016, respectively. This collateral primarily consists of securities
of the U.S. government and government- sponsored entities and generally cannot
be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 

 Investments held
in escrow accounts or otherwise subject to restriction as to their use were
$255 million and $523 million, comprised of bonds available for sale and short
term investments at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            217 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   7.
Lending Activities 

   


 
 7. Lending
Activities 

 


 Mortgage and
other loans receivable include commercial mortgages, residential mortgages,
life insurance policy loans, commercial loans, and other loans and notes
receivable. Commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, commercial loans, and
other loans and notes receivable are carried at unpaid principal balances less
allowance for credit losses and plus or minus adjustments for the accretion or
amortization of discount or premium. Interest income on such loans is accrued
as earned. 

 Direct
costs of originating commercial mortgages, commercial loans, and other loans
and notes receivable, net of nonrefundable points and fees, are deferred and
included in the carrying amount of the related receivables. The amount deferred
is amortized to income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method.
Premiums and discounts on purchased residential mortgages are also amortized to
income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method. 

 Life insurance
policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. There is no allowance
for policy loans because these loans serve to reduce the death benefit paid
when the death claim is made and the balances are effectively collateralized by
the cash surrender value of the policy. 

 The following table presents the composition of Mortgage and other
loans receivable, net: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial mortgages * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
 
   
   Residential mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,828 
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance policy loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,295 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,367 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial loans, other loans and notes receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,537 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (297) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,240 
   
  
 



 *    Commercial
mortgages primarily represent loans for offices, apartments and retail
properties, with exposures in New York and California representing the largest
geographic concentrations (aggregating approximately 23 percent and 12 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2017, and 24 percent and 12 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2016).  

 Nonperforming
loans are generally those loans where payment of contractual principal or
interest is more than 90 days past due.  Nonperforming mortgages were not
significant for all periods presented. 

 Credit Quality of Commercial Mortgages 

 The following table presents debt service coverage ratios and
loan-to-value ratios for commercial mortgages: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Debt Service Coverage Ratios (a) 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   >1.20X 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.00X
  - 1.20X 
   
  
     
   
  
   <1.00X 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loan-to-Value Ratios (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less than 65% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,000 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   351 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,876 
   
  
 
   
   65% to 75% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,415 
   
  
 
   
   76% to 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   569 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   609 
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,696 
   
  
 
   
   Total commercial mortgages 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loan-to-Value Ratios (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less than 65% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,694 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,924 
   
  
 
   
   65% to 75% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   575 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,583 
   
  
 
   
   76% to 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
     
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,068 
   
  
 
   
   Total commercial
  mortgages 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,661 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,835 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   546 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
debt service coverage ratio compares a property’s net operating income to its
debt service payments, including principal and interest. Our weighted average
debt service coverage ratio was 2.1X and 1.9X at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. 


 


 

 218                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   7.
Lending Activities 

   


 
 (b)  The loan-to-value ratio compares the current unpaid
principal balance of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying
property collateralizing the loan. Our weighted average loan-to-value ratio was
57 percent and 58 percent at December 31, 2017, and 2016,
respectively.                             

 The following table presents the credit quality performance
indicators for commercial mortgages: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total (c) 
   
  
   Total
  $ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Performance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good standing 
   
  
   778 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,338 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,373 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,442 
   
  
   99 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or less delinquent 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process of foreclosure 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,596 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total allowance for credit
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Performance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good standing 
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,830 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,373 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,589 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,874 
   
  
   99 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or less delinquent 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process of foreclosure 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,197 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,589 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total allowance for credit
  losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  Loans
that have been modified in troubled debt restructurings and are performing
according to their restructured terms.  For additional discussion of troubled
debt restructurings see below. 

 (b)  Does
not reflect allowance for credit losses. 

 (c)  Our
commercial mortgage loan portfolio is current as to payments of principal and
interest, for both periods presented.  There were no significant amounts of
nonperforming commercial mortgages (defined as those loans where payment of
contractual principal or interest is more than 90 days past due) during any of
the periods presented.         

 Methodology Used to Estimate the Allowance for Credit Losses 

 Mortgage and
other loans receivable are considered impaired when collection of all amounts
due under contractual terms is not probable. Impairment is measured using
either i) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan’s effective interest rate, ii) the loan’s observable market price, if
available, or iii) the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent.  Impairment of commercial mortgages is typically determined using
the fair value of collateral while impairment of other loans is typically
determined using the present value of cash flows or the loan’s observable market
price.  An allowance is typically established for the difference between the
impaired value of the loan and its current carrying amount. Additional
allowance amounts are established for incurred but not specifically identified
impairments, based on statistical models primarily driven by past due status,
debt service coverage, loan-to-value ratio, property type and location, loan
term, profile of the borrower and of the major property tenants, and loan
seasoning.  When all or a portion of a loan is deemed uncollectible, the
uncollectible portion of the carrying amount of the loan is charged off against
the allowance.  

 Interest income
is not accrued when payment of contractual principal and interest is not
expected.  Any cash received on impaired loans is generally recorded as a
reduction of the current carrying amount of the loan.  Accrual of interest
income is generally resumed when delinquent contractual principal and interest
is repaid or when a portion of the delinquent contractual payments are made and
the ongoing required contractual payments have been made for an appropriate
period. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            219 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   7.
Lending Activities 

   


 
 A significant majority of commercial mortgages in the
portfolio are non-recourse loans and, accordingly, the only guarantees are for
specific items that are exceptions to the non-recourse provisions. It is
therefore extremely rare for us to have cause to enforce the provisions of a
guarantee on a commercial real estate or mortgage loan. 

 The following table presents a rollforward of the changes in the
allowance for losses on Mortgage and other loans receivable: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
 
   
      Loans charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
 
   
      Recoveries of loans previously 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
         Net charge-offs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
      Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    247  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    194  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    171  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 



 *    Of the
total allowance at the end of the year, $5 million, $11 million and $24 million
relates to individually assessed credit losses on $82 million, $280 million
and $507 million of commercial mortgages as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

 Troubled Debt Restructurings 

 We modify loans
to optimize their returns and improve their collectability, among other things.
When we undertake such a modification with a borrower that is experiencing
financial difficulty and the modification involves us granting a concession to
the troubled debtor, the modification is a troubled debt restructuring (TDR).
We assess whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on a
variety of factors, including the borrower’s current default on any of its
outstanding debt, the probability of a default on any of its debt in the
foreseeable future without the modification, the insufficiency of the
borrower’s forecasted cash flows to service any of its outstanding debt
(including both principal and interest), and the borrower’s inability to access
alternative third-party financing at an interest rate that would be reflective
of current market conditions for a non-troubled debtor. Concessions granted may
include extended maturity dates, interest rate changes, principal or interest forgiveness,
payment deferrals and easing of loan covenants. 

 During the 12
month period ended December 31, 2017, loans with a carrying value of $237
million were modified in troubled debt restructurings. Loans that had been
modified in troubled debt restructurings during the 12 month period ended
December 31, 2016 have been fully paid off.      



 
  



 

 8. Reinsurance 

 


 In the ordinary course
of business, our insurance companies may use both treaty and facultative
reinsurance to minimize their net loss exposure to any single catastrophic loss
event or to an accumulation of losses from a number of smaller events or to
provide greater diversification of our businesses. In addition, our general
insurance subsidiaries assume reinsurance from other insurance companies. We
determine the portion of the incurred but not reported (IBNR) loss that will be
recoverable under our reinsurance contracts by reference to the terms of the
reinsurance protection purchased. This determination is necessarily based on
the estimate of IBNR and accordingly, is subject to the same uncertainties as
the estimate of IBNR. Reinsurance assets include the balances due from
reinsurance and insurance companies under the terms of our reinsurance
agreements for paid and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred,
ceded unearned premiums and ceded future policy benefits for life and accident
and health insurance contracts and benefits paid and unpaid. Amounts related to
paid and unpaid losses and benefits and loss expenses with respect to these
reinsurance agreements are substantially collateralized. We remain liable to
the extent that our reinsurers do not meet their obligation under the
reinsurance contracts, and as such, we regularly evaluate the financial
condition of our reinsurers and monitor concentration of our credit risk. The
estimation of the allowance for doubtful accounts requires judgment for which
key inputs typically include historical trends regarding uncollectible
balances, disputes and credit events as well as specific reviews of balances in
dispute or subject to credit impairment. The allowance for doubtful accounts on
reinsurance assets was $187 million and $207 million at
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Changes in the allowance for
doubtful accounts on reinsurance assets are reflected in Policyholder benefits
and losses incurred within the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 
 


 

 220                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   8.
Reinsurance 

   


 
 The following table provides supplemental
information for loss and benefit reserves, gross and net of ceded reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   At December 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (78,393) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (51,685) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (77,077) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (61,545) 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and accident and health
  insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45,432) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44,457) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,204) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,140) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve for unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,030) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,890) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,634) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,280) 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,823 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,950 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Represents
gross reinsurance assets, excluding allowances and reinsurance recoverable on
paid losses. 

 Short-Duration Reinsurance 

 Short-duration
reinsurance is effected under reinsurance treaties and by negotiation on
individual risks. Certain of these reinsurance arrangements consist of excess
of loss contracts that protect us against losses above stipulated amounts.
Ceded premiums are considered prepaid reinsurance premiums and are recognized
as a reduction of premiums earned over the contract period in proportion to the
protection received. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on short-duration
contracts are estimated in a manner consistent with the claims liabilities
associated with the reinsurance and presented as a component of Reinsurance
assets. Assumed reinsurance premiums are earned primarily on a pro-rata basis
over the terms of the reinsurance contracts and the portion of premiums
relating to the unexpired terms of coverage is included in the reserve for
unearned premiums. For both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements
must be met for reinsurance accounting to apply. If risk transfer requirements
are not met, the contract is accounted for as a deposit, resulting in the
recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or
liability and not as revenue or expense. To meet risk transfer requirements, a
reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of both
underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant
loss for the assuming entity. Similar risk transfer criteria are used to
determine whether directly written insurance contracts should be accounted for
as insurance or as a deposit. 

 The following table presents short-duration insurance premiums
written and earned: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums written: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,970 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,698 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,972 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,533) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,561) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,604) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,756 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums earned: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,904 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,869 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,105 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,593) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,171 
   
  
 



 For the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, reinsurance recoveries, which
reduced losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, amounted to $1.5 billion,
$2.1 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. 

 Retroactive
reinsurance agreements are reinsurance agreements under which our reinsurer
agrees to reimburse us as a result of past insurable events.  For these
agreements, the excess of the amounts ultimately collectible under the
agreement over the consideration paid is recognized as a deferred gain
liability and amortized into income over the settlement period of the ceded
reserves.  The amount of the deferral is recalculated each period based on loss
payments and updated estimates.  If the consideration paid exceeds the ultimate
losses collectible under the agreement, the net loss on the agreement is
recognized in income immediately. Ceded loss reserves under retroactive
agreements were $13.4 billion and $1.7 billion, and the deferred gain liability
was $1.6 billion and $384 million, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. The effect on income from amortization of the deferred gain was
$316 million, $30 million and $8 million for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016, and 2015, respectively.   

 In
2017, we entered into a retroactive reinsurance agreement with National
Indemnity Company (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire),
under which we transferred to NICO 80 percent of the reserve risk on
substantially all of our U.S. commercial long-tail exposures for accident years
2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to NICO 80 percent of the paid
losses on subject business paid on or after January 1, 2016 in excess of $25
billion of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of $25 billion.  At NICO’s
80 percent share, NICO’s limit of liability under the contract is $20 billion. 
The covered losses ceded to NICO were  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            221   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   8.
Reinsurance 

   


 
 $13.1 billion
and the unexpired limit was $6.9 billion at December 31, 2017.  We paid total
consideration, including interest, of $10.2 billion. The consideration was
placed into a collateral trust account as security for NICO’s claim payment
obligations, and Berkshire has provided a parental guarantee to secure the
obligations of NICO under the agreement. 

 Long-Duration Reinsurance 

 Long-duration
reinsurance is effected principally under yearly renewable term treaties. The
premiums with respect to these treaties are earned over the contract period in
proportion to the protection provided. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on
long-duration contracts are estimated in a manner consistent with the
assumptions used for the underlying policy benefits and are presented as a
component of Reinsurance assets. 

 The following table presents premiums for our long-duration life
insurance and annuity operations:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Gross premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,338 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,732 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,240 
   
  
 
   
   Ceded premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (809) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,484 
   
  
 



 Long-duration
reinsurance recoveries, which reduced Policyholder benefits and losses
incurred, was approximately $1.0 billion for the years ended December 31,
2017, 2016 and 2015. 

 The following table presents long-duration insurance in-force
ceded to other insurance companies: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force ceded 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177,025 
   
  
 



 Long-duration
insurance in-force assumed as a percentage of gross long-duration insurance
in-force was 0.03 percent at both December 31, 2017 and 2016, and 0.04 percent
at December 31, 2015; and premiums assumed represented 5 percent, 3 percent and
0.1 percent of gross premiums for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and  2015, respectively. 

 The  U.S. Life and Retirement companies manage the capital
impact of their statutory reserve requirements, including those resulting from
the NAIC Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation
XXX) and NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX), through unaffiliated and
affiliated reinsurance transactions. Effective July 1, 2016, one of the U.S.
Life and Retirement companies entered into an agreement to cede approximately
$5 billion of statutory reserves for certain whole life and universal life
policies to an unaffiliated reinsurer. Effective December 31, 2016, the same
life insurance subsidiary recaptured term and universal life reserves subject
to Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX, previously ceded to an affiliate, and
ceded approximately $14 billion of such statutory reserves to an unaffiliated
reinsurer under an amendment to the July 1, 2016 agreement. Under GAAP, these
unaffiliated reinsurance transactions use deposit accounting with a reinsurance
risk charge recorded in income, whereas such affiliated transactions are
eliminated in consolidation. Under one affiliated reinsurance arrangement, one
of the U.S. Life and Retirement companies obtains letters of credit to support
statutory recognition of the ceded reinsurance.  As of December 31, 2017, this subsidiary had two bilateral letters of
credit totaling $450 million, which were issued on February 7, 2014 and expire
on February 7, 2021. The letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by AIG
Parent in the event of a drawdown.  

 For
additional information on the use of affiliated reinsurance for Regulation XXX
and Guideline AXXX reserves see Note 19. 

 Reinsurance Security 

 Our third-party
reinsurance arrangements do not relieve us from our direct obligations to our
beneficiaries. Thus, a credit exposure exists with respect to both
short-duration and long-duration reinsurance ceded to the extent that any
reinsurer fails to meet the obligations assumed under any reinsurance
agreement. We hold substantial collateral as security under related reinsurance
agreements in the form of funds, securities, and/or letters of credit. A
provision has been recorded for estimated unrecoverable reinsurance.  We
believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an inappropriate
concentration of credit risk to AIG.  Gross reinsurance assets due from
reinsurers exceeding 5 percent of our total reinsurance assets were
approximately $18 billion and $8.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively, of which approximately $7.6 billion and $4.4 billion at December
31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, was not secured by collateral. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 222                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   

   


 
 9. Deferred
Policy Acquisition Costs 

 


 Deferred policy
acquisition costs (DAC) represent those costs that are incremental and directly
related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance
contracts.  We defer incremental costs that result directly from, and are
essential to, the acquisition or renewal of an insurance contract.  Such
deferred policy acquisition costs generally include agent or broker commissions
and bonuses, premium taxes, and medical and inspection fees that would not have
been incurred if the insurance contract had not been acquired or renewed. Each
cost is analyzed to assess whether it is fully deferrable.  We partially defer
costs, including certain commissions, when we do not believe that the entire
cost is directly related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts. 

 We also defer a
portion of employee total compensation and payroll-related fringe benefits
directly related to time spent performing specific acquisition or renewal
activities, including costs associated with the time spent on underwriting,
policy issuance and processing, and sales force contract selling. The amounts
deferred are derived based on successful efforts for each distribution channel
and/or cost center from which the cost originates. 

 Short-duration insurance
contracts:     Policy acquisition
costs are deferred and amortized over the period in which the related premiums
written are earned, generally 12 months. DAC is grouped consistent with the
manner in which the insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for
profitability and is reviewed for recoverability based on the profitability of
the underlying insurance contracts. Investment income is anticipated in
assessing the recoverability of DAC. We assess the recoverability of DAC on an
annual basis or more frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may
have occurred. This assessment is performed by comparing recorded net unearned
premiums and anticipated investment income on in-force business to the sum of
expected losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, unamortized DAC and
maintenance costs. If the sum of these costs exceeds the amount of recorded net
unearned premiums and anticipated investment income, the excess is recognized
as an offset against the asset established for DAC. This offset is referred to
as a premium deficiency charge. Increases in expected losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred can have a significant impact on the likelihood
and amount of a premium deficiency charge. 

 Long-duration insurance
contracts :       Policy acquisition costs for participating
life, traditional life and accident and health insurance products are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, over the premium paying period. The
assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities and DAC for these
traditional products are set when a policy is issued and do not change with
changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. These
“locked-in” assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance
expenses and investment returns, and include margins for adverse deviation to
reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might deviate from these
assumptions.  A loss recognition event occurs when there is a shortfall between
the carrying amount of future policy benefit liabilities, net of DAC, and what
the future policy benefit liabilities, net of DAC, would be when applying
updated current assumptions.  When we determine a loss recognition event has
occurred, we first reduce any DAC related to that block of business through
amortization of acquisition expense, and after DAC is depleted, we record
additional liabilities through a charge to Policyholder benefits and losses
incurred.  Groupings for loss recognition testing are consistent with our
manner of acquiring, servicing and measuring the profitability of the business
and applied by product groupings.  We perform separate loss recognition tests
for traditional life products, payout annuities and long-term care products. 
Once loss recognition has been recorded for a block of business, the old
assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for the loss recognition
would then be subject to the lock-in principle. 

 Investment-oriented contracts:     Policy
acquisition costs and policy issuance costs related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment - oriented products) are
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over the estimated lives of the
contracts. Estimated gross profits include net investment income and spreads,
net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and
mortality gains and losses. In each reporting period, current period
amortization expense is adjusted to reflect actual gross profits. If estimated
gross profits change significantly, DAC is recalculated using the new
assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. If the new
assumptions indicate that future estimated gross profits are higher than
previously estimated, DAC will be increased resulting in a decrease in
amortization expense and increase in income in the current period; if future
estimated gross profits are lower than previously estimated, DAC will be
decreased resulting in an increase in amortization expense and decrease in
income in the current period. Updating such assumptions may result in
acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization
in other products. DAC is grouped consistent with the manner in which the
insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for profitability and
is reviewed for recoverability based on the current and projected future
profitability of the underlying insurance contracts. 

 To estimate
future estimated gross profits for variable annuity products, a long-term
annual asset growth assumption is applied to determine the future growth in
assets and related asset-based fees.  In determining the asset growth rate, the
effect of short-term fluctuations in the equity markets is partially mitigated
through the use of a “reversion to the mean” methodology whereby short-term  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            223 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   

   


 
 asset growth above or below long-term annual rate
assumptions impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year period
subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean
methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also
giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  When
actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth
assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions in the five-year reversion to the
mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap)
for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the
growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean
period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent
periods.   

 Shadow DAC and Shadow Loss
Recognition:       DAC related to
investment-oriented products is also adjusted to reflect the effect of
unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity and equity securities available
for sale on estimated gross profits, with related changes recognized through
Other comprehensive income (shadow DAC). The adjustment is made at each balance
sheet date, as if the securities had been sold at their stated aggregate fair
value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields.  Similarly, for
long-duration traditional insurance contracts, if the assets supporting the liabilities
are in a net unrealized gain position at the balance sheet date, loss
recognition testing assumptions are updated to exclude such gains from future
cash flows by reflecting the impact of reinvestment rates on future yields.  If
a future loss is anticipated under this basis, any additional shortfall
indicated by loss recognition tests is recognized as a reduction in accumulated
other comprehensive income (shadow loss recognition).  Similar to other loss
recognition on long-duration insurance contracts, such shortfall is first
reflected as a reduction in DAC and secondly as an increase in liabilities for
future policy benefits.  The change in these adjustments, net of tax, is
included with the change in net unrealized appreciation of investments that is
credited or charged directly to Other comprehensive income. 

 Internal Replacements of Long-duration and
Investment-oriented Products:   For
some products, policyholders can elect to modify product benefits, features, rights
or coverages by exchanging a contract for a new contract or by amendment,
endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by the election of a feature or
coverage within a contract. These transactions are known as internal
replacements.  If the modification does not substantially change the contract,
we do not change the accounting and amortization of existing DAC and related
actuarial balances.  If an internal replacement represents a substantial
change, the original contract is considered to be extinguished and any related
DAC or other policy balances are charged or credited to income, and any new
deferrable costs associated with the replacement contract are deferred. 

 Value of
Business Acquired (VOBA) is determined at the time of acquisition and is
reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with DAC. This value is based on
the present value of future pre-tax profits discounted at yields applicable at
the time of purchase. For participating life, traditional life and accident and
health insurance products, VOBA is amortized over the life of the business in a
manner similar to that for DAC based on the assumptions at purchase. For
investment - oriented
products, VOBA is amortized in relation to estimated gross profits and adjusted
for the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity and equity
securities available for sale in a manner similar to DAC. 

 The following table presents a rollforward of DAC and VOBA: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,828 
   
  
 
   
      Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,820 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,825 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,288) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,236) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   848 
   
  
 
   
      Other, including foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
 
   
      Reclassified to Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
 
   
   Supplemental Information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      VOBA amortization expense included in DAC amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
      VOBA, end of year included in DAC balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
 



 *    Net of
reductions in DAC of $1.3 billion, $842 million, and $583 million at December
31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to the effect of net unrealized
gains and losses on available for sale securities (shadow DAC). 

 The
percentage of the unamortized balance of VOBA at December 31, 2017 expected to
be amortized in 2018 through 2022 by year is: 8.4 percent, 7.8 percent,
7.2 percent, 6.1 percent and 5.9 percent, respectively, with
64.6 percent being amortized after five years. These projections are based
on current estimates for investment income and spreads, persistency, mortality
and morbidity assumptions. 


 


 

 224                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   

   


 
 DAC, VOBA and SIA for insurance‑oriented and
investment‑oriented products are reviewed for recoverability, which
involves estimating the future profitability of current business. This review
involves significant management judgment. If actual future profitability is
substantially lower than estimated, AIG’s DAC, VOBA and SIA may be subject to an
impairment charge and AIG’s results of operations could be significantly
affected in future periods. 



 
  



 

 10. Variable Interest Entities  

 


 A variable
interest entity (VIE) is a legal entity that does not have sufficient equity at
risk to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support or is structured such that equity investors lack the ability to make
significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations through voting rights
or do not substantively participate in the gains and losses of the entity.
Consolidation of a VIE by its primary beneficiary is not based on majority
voting interest, but is based on other criteria discussed below. 

 We enter into
various arrangements with VIEs in the normal course of business and consolidate
the VIEs when we determine we are the primary beneficiary. This analysis
includes a review of the VIE’s capital structure, related contractual
relationships and terms, nature of the VIE’s operations and purpose, nature of
the VIE’s interests issued and our involvement with the entity. When assessing
the need to consolidate a VIE, we evaluate the design of the VIE as well as the
related risks the entity was designed to expose the variable interest holders
to. 

 The primary
beneficiary is the entity that has both (1) the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the entity’s economic
performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to
receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the VIE.  While
also considering these factors, the consolidation conclusion depends on the
breadth of our decision-making ability and our ability to influence activities
that significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE. 

 Balance Sheet Classification and Exposure to Loss 

 The following table presents the total assets and total
liabilities associated with our variable interests in consolidated VIEs, as
classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Real
  Estate and Investment Entities (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Securitization
  Vehicles (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured
  Investment  
   Vehicle 
   
  
     
   
  
   Affordable
  Housing Partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,632 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,632 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,290 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,290 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,683 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,218 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,127 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,437 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,344 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   680 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,624 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,134 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,729 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,233 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,233 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,129 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,442 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,547 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,222 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   365 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,995 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,418 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,126 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,973 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   677 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,650 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            225 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    10. Variable Interest Entities   

   


 
 (a)   Comprised
primarily of Short-term investments and Other assets at December 31, 2017 and
2016. 

 (b)  The
assets of each VIE can be used only to settle specific obligations of that VIE. 

 (c)  Comprised primarily of Other
liabilities at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

 (d)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016,
off-balance sheet exposure primarily consisting of commitments to real estate
and investment entities was $85.8 million and $106 million, respectively. 

 (e)  At
December 31, 2017 and 2016, $17.6 billion and $17.3 billion, respectively, of
the total assets of consolidated securitization vehicles were owed to AIG
Parent or its subsidiaries. 

 We
calculate our maximum exposure to loss to be (i) the amount invested in
the debt or equity of the VIE, (ii) the notional amount of VIE assets or
liabilities where we have also provided credit protection to the VIE with the
VIE as the referenced obligation, and (iii) other commitments and
guarantees to the VIE. Interest holders in VIEs sponsored by us generally have
recourse only to the assets and cash flows of the VIEs and do not have recourse
to us, except in limited circumstances when we have provided a guarantee to the
VIE’s interest holders. 

 The following table presents total assets of unconsolidated VIEs
in which we hold a variable interest, as well as our maximum exposure to loss
associated with these VIEs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maximum
  Exposure to Loss 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  VIE 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   On-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Off-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   380,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,253 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,296 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,468 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,205 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,459 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   387,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,480 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   409,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,130 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,709 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,869 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,045 
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,359 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   416,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,274 
   
  
 



 (a)  Comprised
primarily of hedge funds and private equity funds. 

 (b)   At December 31, 2017 and 2016,  $9.8 billion and $11.7 billion, respectively, of our total
unconsolidated VIE assets were recorded as Other invested assets. 

 (c)  These
amounts represent our estimate of the maximum exposure to loss under certain
insurance policies issued to VIEs if a hypothetical loss occurred to the extent
of the full amount of the insured value.  Our insurance policies cover defined
risks and our estimate of liability is included in our insurance reserves on
the balance sheet. 

 Real Estate and Investment Entities 

 Through our
insurance operations and AIG Global Real Estate, we are an investor in various
real estate investment entities, some of which are VIEs. These investments are
typically with unaffiliated third - party developers via a partnership or limited liability
company structure. The VIEs’ activities consist of the development or
redevelopment of commercial, industrial and residential real estate. Our
involvement varies from being a passive equity investor or finance provider to
actively managing the activities of the VIEs. 

 Our insurance
operations participate as passive investors in the equity issued by certain third - party - managed hedge and private
equity funds that are VIEs. Our insurance operations typically are not involved
in the design or establishment of these VIEs, nor do they actively participate
in the management of the VIEs. 

 Securitization Vehicles 

 We created certain
VIEs that hold investments, primarily in investment-grade debt securities and
loans, and issued beneficial interests in these investments.  The majority of
these beneficial interests are owned by our insurance operations and we
maintain the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly
impact their economic performance and bear the obligation to absorb losses or
receive benefits from the entities that could potentially be significant to the
entities.  Accordingly, we consolidate these entities and those beneficial
interests issued to third-parties are reported as Long-term debt.   Total assets of consolidated securitization vehicles
are $18.1 billion, of which $17.6 billion represents amounts owed to Parent or
its subsidiaries. 


 


 

 226                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    10. Variable Interest Entities   

   


 
 Affordable
Housing Partnerships 

 SunAmerica
Affordable Housing Partners, Inc. (SAAHP) organized and invested in
limited partnerships that develop and operate affordable housing qualifying for
federal, state, and historic tax credits, in addition to a few market rate
properties across the United States. The operating partnerships are VIEs, whose
debt is generally non-recourse in nature, and the general partners of which are
mostly unaffiliated third - party developers. We account for our investments in
operating partnerships using the equity method of accounting, unless they are
required to be consolidated. We consolidate an operating partnership if the
general partner is an affiliated entity or we otherwise have the power to
direct activities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic
performance. The pre-tax income of SAAHP is reported as a component of the Life
and Retirement segment. 

 RMBS, CMBS, Other ABS and CDOs 

 Primarily
through our insurance operations, we are a passive investor in RMBS, CMBS,
other ABS and CDOs, the majority of which are issued by domestic special    purpose entities. We
generally do not sponsor or transfer assets to, or act as the servicer to these
asset - backed
structures, and were not involved in the design of these entities. 

 Our maximum
exposure in these types of structures is limited to our investment in
securities issued by these entities. Based on the nature of our investments and
our passive involvement in these types of structures, we have determined that we
are not the primary beneficiary of these entities. We have not included these
entities in the above tables; however, the fair values of our investments in
these structures are reported in Notes 5 and 6 herein. 



 
  



 

 11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 

 


 We use
derivatives and other financial instruments as part of our financial risk
management programs and as part of our investment operations. Interest rate
derivatives (such as interest rate swaps) are used to manage interest rate risk
associated with embedded derivatives contained in insurance contract
liabilities, fixed maturity securities, outstanding medium‑ and long‑term
notes as well as other interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Foreign
exchange derivatives (principally foreign exchange forwards and options) are
used to economically mitigate risk associated with non‑U.S. dollar
denominated debt, net capital exposures, and foreign currency transactions. Equity
derivatives are used to mitigate financial risk embedded in certain insurance
liabilities. We use credit derivatives to manage our credit exposures. The
derivatives are effective economic hedges of the exposures that they are meant
to offset.    In addition to hedging activities, we also enter into
derivative instruments with respect to investment operations, which may
include, among other things, CDSs and purchases of investments with embedded
derivatives, such as equity‑linked notes and convertible bonds . 

 Interest rate,
currency, equity and commodity swaps, credit contracts, swaptions, options and
forward transactions are accounted for as derivatives, recorded on a trade-date
basis and carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are reflected in income,
when appropriate. Aggregate asset or liability positions are netted on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets only to the extent permitted by qualifying master
netting arrangements in place with each respective counterparty. Cash
collateral posted with counterparties in conjunction with transactions
supported by qualifying master netting arrangements is reported as a reduction
of the corresponding net derivative liability, while cash collateral received
in conjunction with transactions supported by qualifying master netting
arrangements is reported as a reduction of the corresponding net derivative
asset. 

 Derivatives,
with the exception of embedded derivatives, are reported at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other assets and Other liabilities. Embedded
derivatives are generally presented with the host contract in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. A bifurcated embedded derivative is measured at fair value and
accounted for in the same manner as a free standing derivative contract. The
corresponding host contract is accounted for according to the accounting
guidance applicable for that instrument.  

 For
additional information on embedded derivatives see Notes 5 and 14 herein. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                              227 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11.
Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 The following table presents the notional
amounts of our derivatives and the fair value of derivative assets and
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
  Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives designated as  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives not designated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      as hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,171 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   51,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,066 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   895 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   861 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,687 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,748 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115,897 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,977 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,802 
   
  
 
   
   Counterparty netting (d)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash collateral (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,249) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   consolidated balance sheets (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   922 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
 



 (a)  Fair
value amounts are shown before the effects of counterparty netting adjustments
and offsetting cash collateral. 

 (b )  As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, included CDSs on super
senior multi-sector CDOs with a net notional amount of $685 million and $801
million (fair value liability of $254 million and $308 million), respectively.
The expected weighted average maturity as of December 31, 2017 is six years.
Because of long-term maturities of the CDSs in the portfolio, we are unable to
make reasonable estimates of the periods during which any payments would be
made. However, the net notional amount represents the maximum exposure to loss
on the portfolio. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, there were no super senior
corporate debt/CLOs remaining. 

 (c)  Consists
primarily of stable value wraps and contracts with multiple underlying
exposures. 

 (d)  Represents
netting of derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting
agreement. 

 (e)  Represents
cash collateral posted and received that is eligible for netting. 

 (f)  Freestanding
derivatives only, excludes Embedded derivatives. Derivative instrument assets
and liabilities are recorded in Other Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 
Fair value of assets related to bifurcated Embedded derivatives was zero at
both  December 31, 2017  and December 31,  2016 . Fair value of liabilities related to bifurcated Embedded
derivatives was $4.1 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, at December 31,
2017 and December 31, 2016. A bifurcated Embedded derivative is generally
presented with the host contract in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Embedded
derivatives are primarily related to guarantee features in variable annuity
products, which include equity and interest rate components.     

 Collateral 

 We engage in
derivative transactions that are not subject to a clearing requirement directly
with unaffiliated third parties, in most cases, under International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreements. Many of the ISDA
Master Agreements also include Credit Support Annex (CSA) provisions, which
provide for collateral postings that may vary at various ratings and threshold
levels. We attempt to reduce our risk with certain counterparties by entering
into agreements that enable collateral to be obtained from a counterparty on an
upfront or contingent basis. We minimize the risk that counterparties might be
unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty
credit exposure and collateral value and generally requiring additional
collateral to be posted upon the occurrence of certain events or circumstances.
In addition, certain derivative transactions have provisions that require
collateral to be posted upon a downgrade of our long‑term debt ratings or
give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction. In the case of
some of the derivative transactions, upon a downgrade of our long‑term
debt ratings, as an alternative to posting collateral and subject to certain
conditions, we may assign the transaction to an obligor with higher debt
ratings or arrange for a substitute guarantee of our obligations by an obligor
with higher debt ratings or take other similar action. The actual amount of
collateral required to be posted to counterparties in the event of such downgrades,
or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends
on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and
other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. 


 


 

 228                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11.
Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 Collateral posted by us to third
parties for derivative transactions was $2.9 billion and $4.5 billion at December
31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. In the case of collateral posted under
derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, this collateral can
generally be repledged or resold by the counterparties. Collateral provided to
us from third parties for derivative transactions was $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. In the case of collateral provided
to us under derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, we
generally can repledge or resell collateral. 

 Offsetting 

 We have elected
to present all derivative receivables and derivative payables, and the related
cash collateral received and paid, on a net basis on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets when a legally enforceable ISDA Master Agreement exists between us and
our derivative counterparty. An ISDA Master Agreement is an agreement governing
multiple derivative transactions between two counterparties. The ISDA Master
Agreement generally provides for the net settlement of all, or a specified
group, of these derivative transactions, as well as transferred collateral,
through a single payment, and in a single currency, as applicable. The net
settlement provisions apply in the event of a default on, or affecting any, one
derivative transaction or a termination event affecting all, or a specified
group of, derivative transactions governed by the ISDA Master Agreement. 

 Hedge Accounting 

 We designated
certain derivatives entered into with third parties as fair value hedges of
available for sale investment securities held by our insurance subsidiaries.
The fair value hedges include foreign currency forwards and cross currency
swaps designated as hedges of the change in fair value of foreign currency
denominated available for sale securities attributable to changes in foreign
exchange rates. We also designated certain interest rate swaps entered into
with third parties as fair value hedges of fixed rate GICs attributable to
changes in benchmark interest rates . 

 We use foreign
currency denominated debt and cross-currency swaps as hedging instruments in
net investment hedge relationships to mitigate the foreign exchange risk
associated with our non-U.S. dollar functional currency foreign subsidiaries.
For net investment hedge relationships where issued debt is used as a hedging
instrument, we assess the hedge effectiveness and measure the amount of
ineffectiveness based on changes in spot rates. For net investment hedge
relationships that use derivatives as hedging instruments, we assess hedge
effectiveness and measure hedge ineffectiveness using changes in forward rates.
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 we recognized gains
(losses) of $(106) million, $123 million and $90 million, respectively,
included in Change in foreign currency translation adjustment in Other
comprehensive income related to the net investment hedge relationships. 

 A qualitative
methodology is utilized to assess hedge effectiveness for net investment hedges,
while regression analysis is employed for all other hedges. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            229 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11.
Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 The following table presents the gain (loss)
recognized in earnings on our derivative instruments in fair value hedging
relationships in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains/(Losses) Recognized in Earnings for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   Including Gains/(Losses) Attributable to: 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Hedging 
   
  
   Hedged 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hedge 
   
  
   Excluded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Derivatives (a) 
   
  
   Items 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ineffectiveness 
   
  
   Components 
   
  
   Other (b) 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (420) 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
     
   
  
   (335) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to
  policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
amounts presented do not include the periodic net coupon settlements of the
derivative contract or the coupon income (expense) related to the hedged item. 

 (b)  Represents
accretion/amortization of opening fair value of the hedged item at inception of
hedge relationship, amortization of basis adjustment on hedged item following
the discontinuation of hedge accounting, and the release of debt basis
adjustment following the repurchase of issued debt that was part of
previously-discontinued fair value hedge relationship. 

 
 


 

 230                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11.
Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging
Instruments 

 The following table presents the effect of derivative instruments
not designated as hedging instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December
  31, 
   
  
   Gains (Losses) Recognized in Earnings 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   By Derivative Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate
  contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (964) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
      Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   (449) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,501) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
 
   
   By Classification: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital
  gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,709) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   365 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits
  and claims incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,501) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
 



 Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features 

 We estimate that
at  December 31, 2017 , based on our outstanding financial derivative
transactions, a downgrade of our long-term senior debt ratings to BBB or BBB–
by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P
Global Inc., and/or a downgrade to Baa2 or Baa3 by Moody’s Investors’
Service, Inc. would permit counterparties to make additional collateral
calls and permit certain counterparties to elect early termination of
contracts, resulting in corresponding collateral postings and termination
payments in the total amount of up to approximately $83 million. The
aggregate fair value of our derivatives that were in a net liability position
and that contain such credit risk-related contingencies which can be triggered
below our long-term senior debt ratings of BBB+ or Baa1 was approximately $572
million and $848 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The
aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral under these contracts at December
31, 2017 and 2016, was approximately $676 million and $875 million,
respectively. 

 Hybrid Securities with Embedded Credit Derivatives 

 We invest in
hybrid securities (such as credit‑linked notes) with the intent of
generating income, and not specifically to acquire exposure to embedded
derivative risk. As is the case with our other investments in RMBS, CMBS, CDOs
and ABS, our investments in these hybrid securities are exposed to losses only
up to the amount of our initial investment in the hybrid security. Other than our
initial investment in the hybrid securities, we have no further obligation to
make payments on the embedded credit derivatives in the related hybrid
securities. 

 We elect to
account for our investments in these hybrid securities with embedded written
credit derivatives at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in Net
investment income and Other income. Our investments in these hybrid securities
are reported as Other bond securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
fair values of these hybrid securities were $4.4 billion and $4.8 billion
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. These securities have par amounts
of $9.1 billion and $10.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively,
and have remaining stated maturity dates that extend to 2052. 



 
  



 

 12. Goodwill 

 


 Goodwill    represents the future economic benefits arising
from assets acquired in a business combination that are not  individually identified and separately recognized.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if circumstances
indicate an impairment may have occurred. At December 31, 2017, as a result of
the 2017 segment changes, goodwill is reported within our General Insurance
business – North America and International operating segments, our Life and
Retirement business – Life Insurance operating segment and our Other Operations
and Legacy Portfolio operating segments. When a business is transferred  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            231 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    12. Goodwill   

   


 
 from one reporting unit to another, as occurred as part
of the 2017 segment changes, goodwill from the original operating segment is
allocated among reporting units based on the fair value of business
transferred, relative to business retained by a reporting unit. As a result, at
December 31, 2017, $1.3 billion of goodwill was re-allocated to the General
Insurance – North America and General Insurance – International operating
segments based on their respective fair values. 

 The impairment
assessment involves an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is
more likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than
its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment is not performed, or after
assessing the totality of the events or circumstances, we determine it is more
likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than its
carrying amount, the impairment assessment involves a two-step process in which
a quantitative assessment for potential impairment is performed.  

 If the
qualitative test is not performed or if the test indicates a potential
impairment is present, we estimate the fair value of each operating segment and
compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the operating
segment, including allocated goodwill. The estimate of an operating segment’s
fair value involves management judgment and is based on one or a combination of
approaches including discounted expected future cash flows, market‑based
earnings multiples of the unit’s peer companies, external appraisals or, in the
case of reporting units being considered for sale, third‑party
indications of fair value, if available. We consider one or more of these
estimates when determining the fair value of an operating segment to be used in
the impairment test. 

 If the estimated
fair value of an operating segment exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not
impaired. If the carrying value of an operating segment exceeds its estimated
fair value, goodwill associated with that operating segment potentially is
impaired.  The amount of impairment, if any, is measured as the excess of the
carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. The
implied fair value of the goodwill is measured as the excess of the fair value
of the operating segment over the amounts that would be assigned to the
operating segment’s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical business
combination.  An impairment charge is recognized in earnings to the extent of
the excess of carrying value over fair value.   

 Goodwill was not
impaired at December 31, 2017 based on the results of the goodwill impairment
test. 

 The following table presents the changes in goodwill by operating
segment: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
   Life  
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   America 
   
  
   International 
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
    Operations  
   
  
    Portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at January 1, 2015: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,931 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
     
   
  
   751 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2015: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,884 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,090 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2016: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,005 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,528 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
         Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2017: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,071 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   738 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,594 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 232                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 13. Insurance
Liabilities 

 


 Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss
Adjustment Expenses (Loss Reserves) 

 Loss reserves
represent the accumulation of estimates of unpaid claims, including estimates
for claims incurred but not reported and loss adjustment expenses (IBNR), less
applicable discount. We regularly review and update the methods used to
determine loss reserve estimates. Any adjustments resulting from this review
are reflected currently in pre-tax income. Because these estimates are subject
to the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are common given that
loss trends vary and time is often required for changes in trends to be
recognized and confirmed. Reserve changes that increase previous estimates of
ultimate cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve
strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease previous estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as favorable development. 

 Our
gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual
deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately
$12.6 billion and $12.8 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. These recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with
high deductibles (in excess of high dollar amounts retained by the insured
through self-insured retentions, deductibles, retrospective programs, or
captive arrangements, each referred to generically as “deductibles”), primarily
for U.S. commercial casualty business. With respect to the deductible portion
of the claim, we manage and pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and
are reimbursed by the insured for the deductible portion of the claim.  Thus,
these recoverable amounts represent a credit exposure to us.  At
December 31, 2017 and 2016, we held collateral of approximately $9.5
billion and $9.7 billion, respectively, for these deductible recoverable
amounts, consisting primarily of letters of credit and funded trust agreements. 

 The following table presents the roll-forward of activity in Loss
Reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses,
  beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,532) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,339) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,648) 
   
  
 
   
   Net Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses,
  beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,232 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,308 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, excluding discount and amortization of deferred
  gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, discount charge (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   (422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, amortization of deferred gain on retroactive
  reinsurance (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,547 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,356 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,825) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,751) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,241) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,908) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,205) 
   
  
 
   
   Total losses and loss adjustment expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,564) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,733) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,956) 
   
  
 
   
   Other changes :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   (463) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisitions (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,058) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Retroactive reinsurance adjustment (net of discount) (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Reclassified to liabilities held for sale (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (402) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total other changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,843) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,923) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,409) 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, end
  of year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
 
   
      Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,339 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
$25 million for 2011 retroactive reinsurance agreement with NICO covering U.S.
asbestos exposures for the year ended December 31, 2017.  

 (b)
 Includes amounts related to the acquisition of Blackboard U.S. Holdings Inc in
2017. 

 (c) 
Includes amounts related to dispositions through the date of disposition.
Includes sale of insurance operations to Fairfax, United Guaranty and Ascot
Underwriting Holdings Limited, and Ascot Employees Corporate Member Limited
(Ascot).  

 (d) 
Includes discount on retroactive insurance in the amount of $1.5 billion for
the period ended December 31, 2017.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            233   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 (e)  Represents change in loss reserves included in our
sale of certain of our insurance operations and certain assets to Fairfax for
the period ended December 31, 2016.  Upon consummation of the sale, we retained
a portion of these reserves through reinsurance arrangements.            

 During
2017, we recognized unfavorable prior year loss reserve development of $1.6 billion.
This unfavorable development was primarily a result of the following: 

 •     
 Unfavorable development in U.S.
Casualty lines, driven primarily by increases in underlying severity and
greater than expected emerging loss experience in accident year 2016 as well as
increased development from claims related to construction defects and
construction wrap business (largely from accident years 2006 and prior). 

 •     
 Unfavorable development in U.S.
Financial Lines, primarily from Directors & Officers (D&O) policies
covering privately owned and not-for-profit insureds. This development was
predominantly in accident year 2016 and resulted largely from increases in
bankruptcy-related claims and fiduciary liability claims for large educational
institutions. 

 •     
 Higher than expected losses for
Europe Casualty and Financial Lines. We observed a significant increase in
large claims activity in our Europe long-tail business, with a large proportion
emanating from accident year 2016. In addition, we increased our loss reserves
as a result of the decision made by the U.K. Ministry of Justice to reduce the
discount rate applied to lump-sum bodily injury payouts, known as the Ogden
rate.  

 •     
 In addition we also observed higher
than expected losses in Europe property and special risks business driven by
unexpected development on various large claims across the property, aviation,
marine, and trade credit segments. 

 Our analyses and conclusions about prior year reserves
also help inform our judgments about the current accident year loss and loss
adjustment expense ratios we selected. 

 During 2016, we
recognized adverse prior year loss reserve development of $5.8 billion. This
unfavorable development was primarily a result of the following: 

 •       Higher
than expected losses emerging across several casualty product lines, especially
in the recent accident years (generally, 2011 to 2015) driven by increased
frequency and severity of claims. This recent accident year loss emergence
caused us to increase loss development factors applied across many accident
years. 

 •       Loss
development factors including workers’ compensation tail factors, also
increased due to an observed lengthening of loss reporting patterns relative to
prior expectations. 

 •       Increases
in loss trend assumptions to reflect the latest observed increases in frequency
and severity and the impact of these increased loss trends on expected loss
ratios. 

 •       Changes
in weights we apply to the various actuarial methods to better align with
updated trends.   

 During 2015, we
recognized unfavorable prior year loss reserve development of $4.1 billion.
This unfavorable development was primarily as a result of the following:   

 •       Higher
than expected loss emergence across U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Workers’
Compensation, and U.S. Other Casualty lines as well as European Financial Lines. 

 •       Updated
loss development selections in U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines and U.S.
Run-off Casualty Insurance lines, most notably tail factor selections and
incorporation of updated industry experience for asbestos liabilities. 

 •       Revised
estimates of expected future recoveries from risk-sharing policies in the U.S.
Workers’ Compensation business.   

 •       Updated
estimates for extra-contractual obligation claims and unallocated loss
adjustment expenses. 

 The loss development tables below include loss
development data by major lines of business for the last ten accident years. 
The drivers of prior year development are discussed following each of the loss
development tables.       . 

 
 


 

 234                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 The table below presents the reconciliation
of the net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses in the
following tables to Loss Reserves in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the
year ended December 31, 2017: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Net
  liability for 
   unpaid
  losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   as
  presented in the disaggregated tables below 
   
  
   Reinsurance
  recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   included
  in the disaggregated tables below 
   
  
   Gross
  liability for 
   unpaid
  losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation (before discount) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,616 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,513 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,129 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,855 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,942 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,066 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   968 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,378 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,574 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,142 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   632 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,654 
   
  
 
   
   Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,697 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance Lines (before 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,675 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,058 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,200 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,295 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,495 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling Items 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount on workers' compensation lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,383) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,568 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,713 
   
  
 
   
   Total Loss Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,393 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            235   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Loss
Development Information 

 The following
is information about incurred and paid loss developments as of December 31,
2017, net of reinsurance. The cumulative number of reported claims, the total
of IBNR liabilities and expected development on reported loss included within
the net incurred loss amounts are presented in the following section. 

 Reserving Methodology  

 We use a
combination of methods to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and
short-tail exposures, which include:  

 •     
 Paid
Development method:  The Paid
Development method estimates ultimate losses by reviewing paid loss patterns
and selecting paid ultimate loss development factors. These factors are then
applied to paid losses by applying them to accident years, with further
expected changes in paid loss. Since the method does not rely on case reserves,
it is not directly influenced by changes in the adequacy of case reserves. 

 •     
 Incurred
Development method:  The Incurred
Development method is similar to the Paid Development method, but it uses case
incurred losses instead of paid losses. Since this method uses more data (case
reserves in addition to paid losses) than the Paid Development method, the
incurred development patterns may be less variable than paid development
patterns. 

 •     
 Expected
Loss Ratio method:   The Expected Loss Ratio method multiplies premiums by
an expected loss ratio to produce ultimate loss estimates for each accident
year. This method may be useful if loss development patterns are inconsistent,
losses emerge very slowly, or there is relatively little loss history from
which to estimate future losses. 

 •     
 Bornhuetter-Ferguson
method:   The Bornhuetter-Ferguson method using premiums and paid
losses is a combination of the Paid Development method and the Expected Loss
Ratio method where the weight given to each method is the reciprocal of the
loss development factor. This method normally determines expected loss ratios
similar to the method used for the Expected Loss Ratio method. The
Bornhuetter-Ferguson method using premiums and incurred losses is similar to
the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method using premiums and paid losses except that it
uses case-incurred losses. 

 •     
 Cape Cod method:   The Cape Cod
method is mechanically similar to the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method with the
difference being that the Expected Loss Ratio estimates are determined based on
a weighting of the loss estimates that come from the Paid/Incurred Development
Methods. This method may be more responsive to recent loss trends than the
Bornhuetter-Ferguson method. 

 •     
 Average
Loss method:  The Average Loss
method multiplies a projected number of ultimate claims by an estimated
ultimate severity average loss for each accident year to produce ultimate loss
estimates. Since projections of the ultimate number of claims are often less
variable than projections of ultimate loss, this method can provide more
reliable results for reserve categories where loss development patterns are
inconsistent or too variable to be relied on exclusively. 

 In updating
our loss reserve estimates, we consider and evaluate inputs from many sources,
including actual claims data, the performance of prior reserve estimates, observed
industry trends, our internal peer review processes, including challenges and
recommendations from our Enterprise Risk Management group, as well as the views
of third-party actuarial firms. We use these inputs to improve our evaluation
techniques, and to analyze and assess the change in estimated ultimate loss for
each accident year by product line. Our analyses produce a range of indications
from various methods, from which we select our best estimate. 

 In determining the actual carried loss reserves, we
consider both the internal actuarial best estimate and numerous other internal
and external factors, including: 

 •     
 an assessment of economic
conditions, including real GDP growth, inflation, employment rates or
unemployment duration, stock market volatility and changes in corporate bond
spreads; 

 •     
 changes in the legal, regulatory,
judicial and social environment, including changes in road safety, public
health and cleanup standards; 

 •     
 changes in medical cost trends
(inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation
trends; 

 •     
 underlying policy pricing, terms
and conditions including attachment points and policy limits; 

 •     
 change in claims handling
philosophy, operating model, processes, and related ongoing enhancements; 

 •     
 third-party claims reviews that are
periodically performed for key classes of claims such as toxic tort,
environmental and other complex casualty claims; 

 •     
 third-party actuarial reviews that
are periodically performed for key classes of business; 

 •     
 input from underwriters on pricing,
terms, and conditions and market trends; and 

 •     
 changes in our reinsurance program,
pricing and commutations. 


 


 

 236                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 The following factors are relevant to the loss
development information Included in the tables below:  

 •     
 Table organization:  The tables are organized by accident year and include
policies written on an occurrence and claims- made basis.   We note that for
certain categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims and
environmental claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified
to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the date of
occurrence becomes available to us. These reclassifications are shown as
development in the respective years in the tables below.  Financial Lines
business is primarily written on a claims-made basis, while the majority of the
workers’ compensation, excess casualty, other casualty, and run-off property
and casualty lines of business are written on an occurrence basis. Primarily,
all short-tail lines in Property and Special Risks and Personal Insurance are
written on an occurrence basis.   

 •     
 Groupings:    We believe our groupings have homogenous risk
characteristics with similar development patterns and would generally be
subject to similar trends and reflect our reportable segments. The incurred
losses and loss adjustment expenses and paid losses in the following tables for
the current reporting year are allocated to the line of business and accident
years based on an initial allocation methodology and updated for the final allocation
in the subsequent reporting year. The difference between the initial and the
final allocation does not have a material impact on the loss tables.   

 •     
 Reinsurance:    Our reinsurance program varies by exposure type and
may change from year to year. This may affect the comparability of the data
presented in our tables. Note that the impact of the Adverse Development
Reinsurance Agreement is shown separately. For the lines of business covered by
the agreement, an allocation of the loss recoveries to the line of business by
accident year is presented separately in the loss tables.  The allocation is
based on the underlying distribution of the losses subject to the agreement. 

 •     
 Incurred but not
reported liabilities (IBNR):   We
include development from past reported losses in IBNR. 

 •     
 Data excluded from
tables:  Information with respect to
accident years older than ten years is excluded from the development tables.
Unallocated loss adjustment expenses are also excluded. 

 •     
 Foreign exchange:  The loss development for operations outside of the
U.S. is presented for all accident years using the current exchange rate at
December 31, 2017.  Although this approach requires restating all prior
accident year information, the changes in exchange rates do not impact incurred
and paid loss development trends. 

 •     
 Dispositions:   We exclude dispositions from all accident years
presented in the tables. 

 •     
 Claim counts:  We consider a reported claim to be one claim for each
claimant or feature for each loss occurrence. Claims relating to losses that
are 100 percent reinsured are excluded from the reported claims in the tables
below.  Reported claims for losses from assumed reinsurance contracts are not
available and hence not included in the reported claims.   

 •     
 There are limitations that should
be considered on the reported claim count data in the tables below, including:  

 -       
 Claim counts are presented only on
a reported (not an ultimate) basis; 

 -       
 The tables below include lines of
business and geographies at a certain aggregated level which may indicate
different frequency and severity trends and characteristics, and may not be as
meaningful as the claim count information related to the individual products
within those lines of business and geographies; 

 -       
 Certain lines of business are more
likely to be subject to occurrences involving multiple claimants and features,
which can distort measures based on the reported  claim counts in the table
below; and 

 -       
 Reported claim counts are not
adjusted for ceded reinsurance, which may distort the measure of frequency or
severity. 

 Supplemental Information:   The information about incurred and paid loss development for all
periods preceding year ended December 31, 2017 and the related historical
claims payout percentage disclosure is unaudited and is presented as supplementary
information. 

 The following tables present undiscounted, incurred
and paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses by accident year, on a
net basis after reinsurance, with a separate presentation of the Adverse
Development Reinsurance Agreement excluding the related amortization of the
deferred gain: 

 U.S. Workers' Compensation 

 During 2017, we recognized $31 million of favorable prior
year development. 

 During 2016, we recognized $1.9 billion of unfavorable
prior year development due to increased tail and loss development factors.   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            237   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,184 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,471 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,547 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,536 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
   198,852 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (416) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,120 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,466 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,633 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,608 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,666 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,639 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,616 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,606 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,708 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   147,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   (416) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,298 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,049 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,125 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,148 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,211 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,214 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,267 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
   133,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   (449) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,901 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,953 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,091 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,158 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,113 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,152 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   481 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   (479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,382 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,194 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,286 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,260 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,334 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   (494) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,932 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,880 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,950 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,060 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   (538) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,764 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   664 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   (552) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,708 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,864 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,299 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,346 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   773 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,346 
   
  
     
   
  
   773 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,876 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,931) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,945 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,580) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,580) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,616) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,251 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,547) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,616 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       785 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,678 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,252 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,044 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,707 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,789 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       630 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,328 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,756 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,120 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,390 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,621 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,780 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,887 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       550 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,093 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,537 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,855 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,126 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,288 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,426 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       519 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,129 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,561 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,884 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,129 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,285 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,388 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       415 
   
  
     
   
  
       804 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,089 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,440 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       282 
   
  
     
   
  
       619 
   
  
     
   
  
       879 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,067 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       231 
   
  
     
   
  
       558 
   
  
     
   
  
       786 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   930 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       234 
   
  
     
   
  
       524 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       147 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   378 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Workers’ Compensation is an extremely long-tail line of business, with loss
emergence extending for decades.   We generally use a combination of loss
development, frequency/severity and expected loss ratio methods for workers’
compensation.  

 Many of our
primary casualty policies contain risk-sharing features, including high
deductibles, self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in
addition to a traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs
generally are large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and
structures, and are subject to amendment over time. We group guaranteed cost
and excess of deductible business separately and then further by state and
industry subset to the extent that meaningful differences are determined to
exist. We also separately analyze certain subsets of the portfolio that have
unique characteristics (e.g., U.S. government sub-contractor accounts and
construction wrap-up business).  For excess of deductible business, we also
segment by size of deductible and whether the claim is handled by AIG or an
outside third-party administrator (TPA). The proportion of large deductible
business has increased over time, which has slowed the reporting pattern of
claims. 


 


 

 238                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 For guaranteed cost business, expected loss ratio methods
generally are given significant weight only in the most recent accident year.
Workers’ compensation claims are generally characterized by high frequency, low
severity, and relatively consistent loss development from one accident year to
the next. We historically have been a leading writer of workers’ compensation,
and thus have sufficient volume of claims experience to use development
methods. We generally segregate California (CA) and New York (NY) businesses
from the other states to reflect their different development patterns and
changing percentage of the mix by state.   The claims development tables above
are impacted by two other significant initiatives, which offset each other.  
In recent years, we instituted claims strategy changes and loss mitigation
efforts to accelerate settlements, which we believe results in an overall
reduction in claim costs. This strategy resulted in an increase in paid losses
along the latest diagonals relative to prior years. In addition, we have been
reducing premium volume in recent years and shifting a greater proportion of
business to insured risk retention structures such as high deductible policies.
These mix and volume changes slowed paid and incurred development since excess
of deductible claims will typically take longer to emerge and settle. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods for business written in excess of a deductible may be given
significant weight in the most recent five accident years. In the 2016
analysis, we increased our tail factor estimates for states other than NY and
CA for guaranteed cost business in recognition of longer medical development
patterns that we have been seeing in recent years. We reflected increases in
legal costs we have seen across the portfolio, particularly in California. 

 Additionally,
over the years we have written a number of very large accounts which include
workers’ compensation coverage. These accounts are generally individually
priced by our actuaries, and to the extent appropriate, the indicated losses
based on the pricing analysis may be used to record the initial estimated loss reserves
for these accounts. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2017, we recognized $31 million of favorable prior year development in U.S.
workers’ compensation business, particularly guaranteed cost business in the
states of California and New York. Actual loss emergence during the year,
particularly for guaranteed cost business in these two states, was
significantly less than expected on a reported loss basis. We did recognize some
offsetting unfavorable development in our Defense Based Act (DBA) business that
covers government contractors in U.S. and non-U.S. military installations, as
well as from a Pennsylvania Supreme Court decision that overturned a ruling
that provided limitations on payments for certain permanent injuries (the Protz
decision).  

 During
2016, we recognized $1.9 billion of unfavorable prior year development in
primary workers’ compensation coverages primarily driven by the risk-sharing
programs where we provide coverage in excess of large deductibles.   For this
excess of large deductible business, in 2016, we observed actual loss emergence
and development at significantly greater levels than expected based on our
previous experience in particular from losses in excess of $1 million. Since
these policies respond to larger claims, the loss reporting pattern is much
longer than observed in guaranteed cost workers’ compensation and it takes
several years to discern credible changes in the pattern. Furthermore,
implementation of claims settlement and loss mitigation strategies over the
past several years has made the recent evaluation of data more challenging as
historical development patterns may not yet fully reflect these claim and
mitigation activities.  During 2016, we refined our actuarial methodology by 
combining data  across previously segregated underwriting portfolios to improve
our ability to analyze the loss development trends and patterns that had been
altered by the mix, claims handling and loss mitigation changes we have made
during the last five years. We also developed further segmentations by
deductible size and other key parameters, such as claims handled by TPA staff
and not our claims department. As a result, we determined that the loss
emergence patterns had changed and lengthened significantly from our prior
expectation and therefore, we increased our loss development factors.   

 In addition, for
workers’ compensation policies with no deductibles (guaranteed cost), we
increased our tail factors for the all other states grouping to reflect the
latest unfavorable experience in more mature accident years. This change
increased the ultimate losses by approximately $440 million in 2016. We also
reflected the increasing cost trends for legal and cost containment services,
especially in California, as recent trends in this sector have been
unfavorable. 

 Furthermore, in
2016, the Florida Supreme Court issued two separate rulings that have increased
the potential liability for workers’ compensation claims in that state by
undoing certain aspects of regulations in place since 2003. The Castellanos
ruling eliminated statutory caps on claimant attorney fees in certain cases,
and the Westphal ruling eliminated the 104-week limitation on temporary total
disability benefits.  Also in the second quarter, the Florida Court of Appeals
issued the Miles decision, declaring unconstitutional certain restrictions on
claimant-paid attorney fees.  In in the second quarter 2016, we increased our
workers’ compensation reserves by $100 million to reflect our estimate of the
costs of these rulings on prior years’ claims.  

 During 2015, we
increased our reserves by $234 million, primarily for accident years 2012 and
prior in the U.S. Workers’ Compensation line, to reflect estimated increased
losses and reduced expectations of future recoveries from our insureds through
risk-sharing features. We also recognized $100 million of unfavorable prior
year development in U.S. Workers’ Compensation coverages sold to government
contractors in U.S. and non-U.S. military installations as a result of
unfavorable loss emergence from  
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            239   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 several large
accounts in the recent accident years. In addition, we reacted to the
unfavorable emergence by increasing our expected loss ratios in recent accident
years. For the remainder of the primary workers’ compensation portfolio, our
2015 analysis was based on the refined segmentation from 2014, and indicated
that prior year loss reserve development was flat after taking into account the
initiatives that our claim function had undertaken to manage high risk claims. 

 U.S. Excess Casualty 

 During 2017, we recognized $254 million of unfavorable prior year development
in Excess Casualty driven by higher than expected loss emergence.  

 During 2016, we recognized $1.1 billion of unfavorable prior year development
in Excess Casualty driven by continued higher than expected loss emergence.  

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of
  Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,146 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,875 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,714 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,662 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,635 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,662 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (176) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,482 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,831 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,897 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,797 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,638 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,321 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,407 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,518 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,863 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,076 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,076 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,771 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,640 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,723 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,719 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,766 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,807 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,416 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,521 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,606 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   (256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,588 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,382 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,226 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,477 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,530 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   371 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,073 
   
  
     
   
  
       973 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,113 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   869 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       849 
   
  
     
   
  
       968 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   583 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   (355) 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       892 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,334 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   602 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,770 
   
  
     
   
  
   (425) 
   
  
     
   
  
   895 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       790 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   758 
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,273) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,137 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,120) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (864) 
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,939 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   254 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,137) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,802 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       439 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       842 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       954 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,061 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       8 
   
  
     
   
  
       69 
   
  
     
   
  
       249 
   
  
     
   
  
       449 
   
  
     
   
  
       624 
   
  
     
   
  
       788 
   
  
     
   
  
       965 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,174 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       10 
   
  
     
   
  
       197 
   
  
     
   
  
       475 
   
  
     
   
  
       654 
   
  
     
   
  
       795 
   
  
     
   
  
       946 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       5 
   
  
     
   
  
       63 
   
  
     
   
  
       225 
   
  
     
   
  
       386 
   
  
     
   
  
       716 
   
  
     
   
  
       921 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3 
   
  
     
   
  
       106 
   
  
     
   
  
       288 
   
  
     
   
  
       495 
   
  
     
   
  
       649 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       15 
   
  
     
   
  
       104 
   
  
     
   
  
       204 
   
  
     
   
  
       382 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   546 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3 
   
  
     
   
  
       68 
   
  
     
   
  
       202 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       9 
   
  
     
   
  
       192 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,120 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 240                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Excess Casualty policies tend to attach at a high layer above underlying
policies, which causes the loss development pattern to be lagged significantly.
Many of the claims notified to the excess layers are closed without payment
because the claims never reach our layer as a result of high deductibles and
other underlying coverages, while the claims that reach our layer and close
with payment can be large and highly variable in terms of reported timing and
amount. For a portion of this business, the underlying primary policies are
issued by other insurance companies, which can limit our access to relevant
information to help inform our judgments as the loss events evolve and mature.  

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
excess casualty product lines. We segment our analysis between
automobile-related claims and non-automobile  claims, due to the shorter-tail
nature of the automobile claims. We then further segment the non-automobile
claims for certain latent exposures such as construction defects and mass torts
where losses have unique emergence patterns. Mass tort claims in particular may
develop over an extended period of time and impact multiple accident years when
they emerge. The more standard types of claims are then separately analyzed
based on attachment point bands, to recognize that the impact of the level of
the attachment point can significantly impact the delay in loss reporting and
development.  In our analyses, losses capped at $10 million were first analyzed
using traditional loss development and expected loss ratio methods and then
this estimate was used to derive the expected loss estimate for losses above
$10 million reflecting the expected relationships between the layers,
reflecting the attachment point and limit. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are generally used for at least the three latest accident years,
due to the relatively low credibility of the reported losses. The loss
experience is generally reviewed separately by attachment point. The expected
loss ratios used for recent accident years are based on the projected ultimate
loss ratios for older years adjusted for rate changes and loss trend.  

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2017, we recognized $254 million of unfavorable prior year development driven
in large part by emerging loss experience in accident year 2016 where frequency
and severity to date has exceeded initial expectations and is coinciding with
increased loss severity in the underlying primary auto and general liability
segments. In addition, we experienced increased development from claims related
to construction defects and construction wrap business. The majority of this
experience came from accident years 2006 and prior.  

 During
2016, we recognized $1.1 billion of unfavorable prior year development driven
by continued higher than expected loss emergence due to increased frequency and
severity in recent accident years for both automobile and general liability
claims. Approximately $250 million of the unfavorable development is
attributable to a cohort of commercial automobile claims identified in 2015
which continued to increase in severity in 2016 beyond what was observed or
reasonably expected in 2015. The most significant increases in incurred losses
were for accident years 2011 and subsequent. In particular, the frequency and
severity of loss events for accident years 2011 and subsequent showed a
significant step change from accident years 2010 and prior. We therefore gave
limited credibility to accident year 2010 and prior in selecting our expected
loss ratios for 2011 and subsequent accident years due to this shift in loss
patterns that is now more evident and credible after examining 2016 data. As a
result of the continued adverse emergence, we have increased our loss trend
assumptions for general liability and automobile and increased our expected
loss ratios for the most recent four accident years.  

 During 2015,
U.S. Excess Casualty experienced $1.4 billion of unfavorable prior year
development largely driven by worse than expected loss emergence reported in
2015. This increase was largely driven by adverse emergence in both general
liability and umbrella auto liability, reflecting worsening trends in the
number and nature of high severity losses. Approximately $411 million of the
unfavorable development is related to automobile liability. Based on the
adverse emergence we updated our assumptions about loss severity, loss
development patterns and expected loss ratios for the most recent accident
years. We have seen an increasing trend in the frequency of high severity
claims, especially in the umbrella automobile liability portfolio. We also
observed deterioration in certain class action claims that have complex
coverage uncertainties and high limits characterized by increases in new claims
and/or demands reported in 2015 and progress towards potential settlements,
which have further informed our actuarial projections of ultimate losses for
these types of claims.  These types of claim classes have the longest emergence
period within the excess casualty class and can impact multiple accident years,
and are therefore inherently more volatile.  In addition, we also increased
losses associated with bad-faith claims by approximately $120 million
reflecting an increase in recent settlements.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            241   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 U.S. Other Casualty 

 U.S Other Casualty includes general liability, commercial auto,
medical malpractice, and various other casualty lines of business.   

 In 2017, we recognized $216 million of unfavorable prior year
development in Other Casualty primarily as a result of increased loss severity
in recent accident years.  

 In 2016, we recognized $1.6 billion of unfavorable prior year
development in Other Casualty as a result of increased frequency and severity
in all three product lines.  

 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of
  Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,957 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,837 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,901 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,981 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,983 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,087 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,193 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,175 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,071 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,416 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,517 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,586 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,582 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,697 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,818 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,880 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,863 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,132 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,243 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,341 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,384 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,503 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,052 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,321 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,458 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,601 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,639 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,409 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,012 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,162 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,218 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,229 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,371 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,662 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,918 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,152 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,958 
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,756 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,973 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,017 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   603 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,340 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,778 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,847 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,409 
   
  
     
   
  
   (456) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   296 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,348 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   853 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   853 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   487 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
     
   
  
   487 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,565 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,789) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,776 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (512) 
   
  
     
   
  
   894 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,450 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,301) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,149 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       277 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       791 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,251 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,771 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,396 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,731 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,895 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       393 
   
  
     
   
  
       842 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,253 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,650 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,002 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,241 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,386 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,607 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       295 
   
  
     
   
  
       661 
   
  
     
   
  
       985 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,358 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,640 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,824 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,972 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       235 
   
  
     
   
  
       726 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,488 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,822 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,048 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       413 
   
  
     
   
  
       743 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,048 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,395 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,690 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       169 
   
  
     
   
  
       592 
   
  
     
   
  
       956 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,243 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       210 
   
  
     
   
  
       621 
   
  
     
   
  
       871 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       111 
   
  
     
   
  
       321 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   783 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       77 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,521 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 242                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Other Casualty includes general liability, automobile liability, environmental,
medical malpractice, and other casualty lines of business. These lines of
business are all long-tail in nature and while somewhat diverse in terms of
exposures, these lines are often subject to similar trends. These lines are
often significantly impacted by the underwriting cycle and external judicial
trends. Many of our policies contain risk-sharing features, including high
deductibles, self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in
addition to a traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs
generally are large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and
structures, and are subject to amendment over time. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods, frequency/severity and expected loss
ratio methods for primary general liability or products liability product
lines. We also supplement the standard actuarial techniques by using
evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual claims or claim accumulations by
external specialists on those subsets of claims. The segmentation of the data
reflects state differences, industry groups, deductible/non-deductible programs
and type of claim. 

 We segment our
analysis by line of business and key coverage structures (claims-made vs.
occurrence, large deductible policies, retrospective-rated policies, captives,
etc.). Additionally, certain subsets, such as construction defect for general
liability, auto liability policies for trucking business, hospital policies for
medical malpractice and underground storage tanks for environmental are
generally reviewed separately from business in other subsets.  We continually
refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary casualty product
lines and adopt further segmentations based on our analysis of the differing
emerging loss patterns for certain subsets of insureds. Due to the long-tail
nature of general liability business, and the many subsets that are reviewed
individually, there is less credibility given to the reported losses and
increased reliance on expected loss ratio methods for recent accident years. 

 For certain
product lines with sufficient loss volume, loss development methods may be
given significant weight for all but the most recent one or two accident years.
For smaller or more volatile subsets of business and excess of a large
deductible business, loss development methods may be given limited weight for
the five or more recent accident years. Expected loss ratio methods are used
for the more recent accident years for these subsets. The loss experience for
primary general liability business is generally reviewed at a level that is
believed to provide the most appropriate data for reserve analysis. For other
subsets, such as environmental, we utilize a combination of claim analysts’
loss projections and actuarial methods to estimate ultimate losses. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are generally given significant weight only in the most recent
accident year, except for excess of large deductible business, in which
expected loss ratio methods may receive weight for several of the most recent
accident years. In recent years, the impact of the increase in the frequency of
severe claims was projected in the accident years where it was most prevalent.
The resulting increase in ultimate loss projections and loss ratios for those
years impacted subsequent years through loss development factors and prior
expected loss ratio assumptions. 

 Prior Year Development 

 Primary General Liability 

 In 2017, we
increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior accident years by $330 million.
This was driven by reported loss development being greater than expected as a
result of increased loss severity. We revised our loss trend assumptions which
also contributed to increased estimates for the more recent accident years. For
older accident years, we experienced increased loss development from
construction defect claims and construction wrap business. 

 In 2016, we
increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior accident years by $754
million.  We increased our assumptions about loss development and expected loss
ratios based on the adverse actual versus expected loss emergence driven by
increases in severity, especially in the risk-sharing excess of deductible
programs. In addition, our segmentation separately evaluated key structural
drivers recently identified in the data. As a result, we noted the unfavorable
development that was driven by construction defect claims which continue to
increase in severity and which exhibit continued higher development at later
ages than previously observed. We also identified and separately analyzed in
2016 certain mass tort claims and increased reserves for such claims due to
their much longer claim emergence and loss development patterns than previously
observed. 

 In 2015, we
increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior accident years by $172 million
largely related to coverage sold to the construction sectors as we reacted to
adverse loss emergence throughout the year, by changing our assumptions about
loss development and expected loss ratios. For construction, the unfavorable
development was driven by construction defect claims. The construction class
was re-underwritten to reduce New York and U.S. residential exposures. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            243   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Primary Commercial Auto
Liability    

 In 2017, we increased
our ultimate loss estimates for prior accident years by $42 million. A majority
of this development  related to accident year 2016 where reported loss
experience has been emerging greater than expected, driven by an increase in
the frequency of large claims. We have experienced severity trends in recent
accident years that have been at much higher levels than what has been
reflected in the historic data, although we did see some signs of abatement
during the second half of the year. 

 In 2016, we continued
to observe increases in both the frequency and severity of claims occurring in
accident years since the recent U.S. economic downturn. These claims have
significantly outpaced both our accident year loss ratio assumptions made in
2015 and the pricing rate increases implemented during the same period. As a
result, we recognized $352 million of unfavorable development during 2016 as we
increased the expected loss ratios for recent accident years to reflect
continued market deterioration in the trends observed in 2016 and the higher
reported losses in very recent accident years. 

 For primary
commercial auto liability in 2015, we observed increases in both the frequency
and severity of claims occurring since the recovery from the recent U.S.
economic downturn, which have significantly outpaced the pricing rate increases
implemented during the same period. As a result, we recognized $105 million of unfavorable
development during 2015 as we increased the expected loss ratios for recent
accident years to reflect the deteriorating trends. 

 In 2015, we also
reassessed the reasonableness of our primary general liability and commercial
auto liability for future claim handling expenses related to existing loss
reserves and updated our estimates to reflect the costs from recent investments
in claims systems, processes and people with the objective of improving our
ability to better manage total loss costs. We increased our reserve estimates
by $214 million based on refined analyses, $100 million of which was attributable
to U.S. general liability. The balance was distributed among other product
lines.  

 Medical Malpractice     

 During
2017, we recognized favorable loss development of $23 million. Reported loss
development was less than expected in aggregate; although we did continue to
see higher loss severity in the more recent accident years. Premium volume has
declined significantly over the last several years and certain segments such as
physicians and surgeons, medical products, and nursing homes business (in
certain jurisdictions) have been exited entirely. 

 During
2016, we recognized $428 million of unfavorable development in U.S. Other
Casualty medical malpractice comprising primary and excess hospitals and
nursing homes coverages.  This was in reaction to a continued increase in the
frequency of unusually large claims in these classes that drove the adverse
actual versus expected loss emergence observed in 2016. Based on the observed
adverse emergence and its sustained levels over the last several years, we
increased our expected incurred losses and loss ratios for accident years 2011
and subsequent to reflect the distinct step change in the loss ratios from
accident years 2010 and prior. 

 During
2015, we recognized $202 million of unfavorable development in U.S. Other Casualty
hospitals coverages driven by deteriorating loss experience in accident years
2008 and subsequent characterized by large claims in various segments including
hospitals, nursing homes, and pharmaceutical and medical products liability.
Based on the review of these large claims, we increased our expected loss
ratios for recent accident years and classified physicians and surgeons and
pharmaceutical and medical products classes into runoff. 

 Other Lines 

 During 2017, we recognized favorable loss
development of $133 million. The key drivers of this activity were favorable
development on loss-sensitive casualty business, environmental impairment
liability business, extra-contractual obligations, and business internally
reinsured from other business units. 

 During 2016, we recognized adverse loss
development of $50 million. The key drivers of this activity were adverse
development on liabilities related to commuted and insolvent reinsurers,
environmental impairment liability business, and extra-contractual obligations,
partially offset by favorable development on loss-sensitive casualty business,
residual market business, and reserves for unallocated loss adjustment
expenses. 

 During 2015, we recognized adverse loss
development of $514 million. This was primarily related to an increase in
estimated liabilities related to our loss-sensitive casualty business. 

 U.S. Financial Lines  

 During 2017,
we recognized $345 million of unfavorable prior year development in U.S.
Financial Lines primarily due to adverse experience in the Directors and
Officers (D&O) subset of business.  


 


 

 244                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 During 2016, we recognized $306 million of unfavorable
prior year development in U.S. Financial Lines primarily due to higher than
expected settlements on large claims from the financial crisis.  

 The mix of
business has been changing in recent years as we write more cyber and mergers
and acquisitions business, which generally report claims faster.      

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,045 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,017 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,847 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,961 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,897 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,066 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,096 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,106 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,719 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,693 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,780 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,845 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,904 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,097 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,189 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,273 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,552 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,509 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,406 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,366 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,472 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,514 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,816 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,734 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,902 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,902 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,935 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,965 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,997 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,947 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,572 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,777 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,892 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,986 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,987 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,767 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,691 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,643 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,597 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,767 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,736 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,849 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,249 
   
  
     
   
  
   (198) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,744 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   665 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,593 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,036 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,500 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   323 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (848) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,652 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses
  and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the
  table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,615) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,615) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year
  2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss
  adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,973 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (869) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       420 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       888 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,590 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,897 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       129 
   
  
     
   
  
       499 
   
  
     
   
  
       887 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,273 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,614 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,838 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,964 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,056 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       31 
   
  
     
   
  
       285 
   
  
     
   
  
       566 
   
  
     
   
  
       800 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,017 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,280 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       165 
   
  
     
   
  
       494 
   
  
     
   
  
       886 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,210 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,528 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,732 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       76 
   
  
     
   
  
       406 
   
  
     
   
  
       815 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,252 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,497 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       43 
   
  
     
   
  
       333 
   
  
     
   
  
       686 
   
  
     
   
  
       945 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
       371 
   
  
     
   
  
       853 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
       393 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Financial Lines business includes D&O, Errors and Omissions (E&O),
Employment Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI) and various professional
liability subsets of business, as well as the fidelity book of business. This
includes cyber coverage and mergers and acquisitions coverage, which have been
a growing and evolving portion of this portfolio. These product lines are
predominantly claims-made in nature, losses are characterized by low frequency
and high severity, and results are often significantly impacted by external
economic conditions.  


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            245   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Our analysis is segmented by major coverages, such as
D&O, E&O, etc. and then further segmented by major industry groups
(e.g. corporate accounts, national accounts, financial institutions,
private/not-for-profit, etc.). We also separately review primary business from
excess business for certain product lines. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
D&O, E&O, EPLI, and professional liability. These product lines
generally are offered on a claims-made basis, and losses are characterized by
low frequency and high severity. In general, expected loss ratio methods are
given more weight in the more recent accident years, and loss development
methods are given more weight in more mature accident years. The loss
development factors for the different segments differ significantly in some
cases, based on specific coverage characteristics and other factors such as
industry group, attachment points, and limits offered. Individual claims
projections for accident years ended over eighteen months prior are also used
in the analysis.  

 Frequency/severity
methods are generally not used in isolation for these product lines as the
overall losses are driven by large losses more than by claim frequency.
Severity trends have varied significantly from accident year to accident year
and care is required in analyzing these trends by claim type. We also give
weight to claim department ground-up projections of ultimate loss on a
claim-by-claim basis as these may be more predictive of ultimate loss values,
especially for older accident years. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. For
surety exposures, we generally use the same method as for short-tail classes
whereby frequency/severity methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor
methods are used alone or in combination to set reserves. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are also given weight for the more recent accident years. IBNR
factor methods are used, when the nature of losses is low frequency/high
severity. The IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the
ultimate expected losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The
factors are determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to
reflect current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs.
The factors are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience,
rate changes or other factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor
being employed. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2017, we recognized $345 million of unfavorable prior year development
particularly in accident year 2016. The largest share of the unfavorable
development came from D&O for privately owned and not-for -profit insureds and
resulted largely from increases in bankruptcy-related claims and fiduciary
liability claims for large educational institutions. Other segments of the
portfolio contributed largely offsetting favorable and unfavorable development;
notably, development was unfavorable for excess D&O and employment
practices liability while development was favorable for fidelity and D&O
for corporate and national accounts. 

 During
2016, we recognized $306 million of unfavorable prior year development as we
reacted to the unfavorable actual versus expected in 2016 driven by higher than
expected settlements on several large claims from the financial crisis for
accident years 2006 to 2010, as well as unfavorable emergence of errors and
omissions losses relative to historical expectations.   In addition to the
unfavorable emergence, we also updated our loss development factor assumptions,
expected loss ratio assumptions and the weights given to the various methods in
recent accident years. 

 During 2015, we
recognized $502 million of unfavorable prior year development driven largely by
the unfavorable loss emergence that we saw in 2015, especially in D&O and
professional liability.  In particular, we have observed greater than expected
loss costs for several claims from accident years 2006 through 2010, driven by
unfavorable settlements and deterioration in known claims. We also updated our
loss development factor assumptions as well as expected loss ratio
assumptions.    

 U.S. Property and Special Risks 

 During 2017,
we recognized $115 million of unfavorable prior year development in U.S.
Property and Special Risks mainly due to unfavorable development from the
commercial auto portion of the Program business unit, which offers multiline policies
to small and mid-sized insureds. 

 During 2016,
we recognized $396 million of unfavorable prior year development in U.S.
Property and Special Risks.  The increase was mainly due to the U.S. program
product line which is a collection of programs offering package policies to
small and middle market insureds.                     


 


 

 246                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,531 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,789 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,747 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,659 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,581 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,575 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,561 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,919 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,704 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,689 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,700 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,662 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,656 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,664 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,897 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,275 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,042 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,009 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,049 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,061 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,038 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,043 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,276 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,045 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,917 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,872 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,878 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,867 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,910 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,919 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,849 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,470 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,617 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,585 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,576 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,697 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,666 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,975 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,972 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,859 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,926 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,949 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,937 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,355 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,143 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,220 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,213 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,398 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,312 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,516 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,085 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,032 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,746 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,589) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,589) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,761 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (351) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,410 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,679 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,457 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,487 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,498 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,515 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,540 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       495 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,443 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,528 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,580 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,597 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,618 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       654 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,391 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,657 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,799 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,880 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,940 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,978 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       880 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,988 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,417 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,593 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,734 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,812 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       734 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,410 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,978 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,273 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,456 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       586 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,275 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,469 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,620 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       745 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,452 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,713 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       820 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       799 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   954 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,589 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            247   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Property products include commercial, industrial and energy-related property
insurance products and services that cover exposures to manmade and natural
disasters, including business interruption. U.S. Special Risk products include
aerospace, environmental, political risk, trade credit, surety and marine
insurance, and program business for various small and medium sized enterprises
insurance lines.  The program segments include both property and casualty
exposures. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business. Additionally, we separately review
various subsets, including hull, cargo, and liability for marine business,
aviation and satellite for aerospace business, and various other specific
programs and product lines. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail classes such as U.S. Property. 

 IBNR factor
methods are used when the nature of losses is low frequency/high severity. The
IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the ultimate expected
losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The factors are
determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to reflect
current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs. The
factors are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience, rate
changes or other factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor
being employed. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
aviation exposures. Aviation claims are not very long-tail in nature; however,
they are driven by claim severity. Thus a combination of both development and
expected loss ratio methods is used for all but the latest accident year to
determine the loss reserves.  Frequency/severity methods are not employed due
to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of claims from year
to year. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. The
claims staff also provides specific estimates to assist in the setting of
reserves for natural catastrophe losses. 

 For program
business, we use methods which vary by line of business.  For property classes,
we use methods similar to those noted above.  For liability classes, we use
methods similar to those described in the casualty sections detailed above. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident
year. We also use ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to
assist in developing the appropriate reserve. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2017, we recognized $115 million of unfavorable prior year
development primarily driven by commercial auto business in the program
business unit.  A significant portion of this development came from accident year
2016 with much of it related to programs that have been terminated over the
past year. We also experienced some individual severe loss experience, also
mostly related to accident year 2016 in other lines of business including
aviation, surety, and marine; however, this was largely offset by favorable
development in commercial property. 

 During 2016, we recognized $396 million of unfavorable prior year
development driven by our U.S. program business where we recognized $350
million of unfavorable prior year development due to higher than expected claim
emergence in certain automobile, habitational and professional liability programs
that resulted in our increasing expected loss ratios and loss development
factors for several program subsets.  

 During 2015, we recognized $132 million of favorable prior year
development from a number of large individual property claims.  

 U.S. Personal Insurance 

 During 2017, we recognized $16 million of unfavorable
prior year development in U.S. Personal Insurance mainly due to homeowners
business in accident year 2016. This was partially offset by favorable
development in accident and health business. 

 During 2016, we recognized $32 million of
favorable prior year development in U.S. Personal Insurance.  


 


 

 248                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development Excluding the Impact of Adverse Development
  Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  (Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Net of Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance
  Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,638 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,640 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,654 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,654 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,654 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,663 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,666 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   292,830 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,763 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,697 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,649 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,663 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,664 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,664 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,668 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,667 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   375,959 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,843 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,820 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,817 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   422,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,886 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,908 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,896 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,891 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,890 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,886 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,881 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   412,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,208 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,128 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,083 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,077 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   403,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,887 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,816 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,803 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   334,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,552 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,562 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,572 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,572 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   273,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,511 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,498 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   258,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,536 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   240,892 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,028 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
     
   
  
   185,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,499 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses
  and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the
  table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,053) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,053) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year
  2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss
  adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,420 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid
  Impact of Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,151 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,569 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,634 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,644 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,129 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,563 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,567 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,618 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,639 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,650 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,658 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,663 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,205 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,669 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,736 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,772 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,794 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,803 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,204 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,752 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,814 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,840 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,860 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,869 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,238 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,996 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,035 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,065 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,634 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,744 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       959 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,463 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       931 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,320 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       857 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,344 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   941 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            249   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Personal Insurance consists of accident and health and personal lines. Accident
and health products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and
supplemental health products for individuals, employees, associations and other
organizations as well as a broad range of travel insurance products and
services for leisure and business travelers. Personal lines include automobile
and homeowners’ insurance, extended warranty, and consumer specialty products,
such as identity theft and credit card protection. Personal lines also provides
insurance for high net worth individuals offered through AIG Private Client
Group, including auto, homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections
insurance. Personal lines are generally short-tail in nature. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business and may separately review various
sub-segments, such as specific accident and health products and property damage
versus liability for personal lines products. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail product lines such as personal
property. 

 Frequency/severity
and loss development methods are utilized for domestic personal auto product
lines. 

 For these
classes of business, reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim
counts emerge quickly for personal auto. Frequency/severity methods allow for
more immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry
and other diagnostic metrics. 

 In general,
development for U.S. Personal Insurance classes has been very stable, with only
modest changes in the initial selected loss ratios for this business. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2017, we recognized $16 million of unfavorable prior
year development in U.S. Personal Insurance mainly due to homeowners business
in accident year 2016, particularly from catastrophe activity. This was partially
offset by favorable development in accident and health business. 

 During 2016 and
2015, we recognized $32 million, and $69 million of favorable development,
respectively, mainly driven by accident and health business.  

 Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 

 During 2017, we recognized $507
million of unfavorable prior year development in Europe Casualty and Financial
Lines driven by continued higher than expected loss emergence.  

 During 2016, we recognized $320
million of unfavorable prior year development, largely from accident years 2014
and 2015.                  


 


 

 250                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,511 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,632 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,595 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,599 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,649 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,605 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   236,384 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,746 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,844 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,858 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,856 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,885 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,906 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,912 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,996 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   236,270 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,484 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,432 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,420 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,377 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,445 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   274,310 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,414 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,352 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,465 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,552 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,554 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   264,629 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,224 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,193 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,263 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,232 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   217,887 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,221 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,277 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,257 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   185,435 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,280 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,267 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,302 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,303 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   340 
   
  
     
   
  
   175,630 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,337 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,515 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   188,348 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,563 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   724 
   
  
     
   
  
   221,122 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,587 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   204,712 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,357 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,965) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   594 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,986 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   507 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   *  The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       477 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       726 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       961 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,245 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,455 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,471 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       139 
   
  
     
   
  
       418 
   
  
     
   
  
       708 
   
  
     
   
  
       970 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,139 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,274 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,442 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       147 
   
  
     
   
  
       420 
   
  
     
   
  
       635 
   
  
     
   
  
       808 
   
  
     
   
  
       947 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,042 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,162 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       140 
   
  
     
   
  
       376 
   
  
     
   
  
       564 
   
  
     
   
  
       811 
   
  
     
   
  
       963 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,224 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       121 
   
  
     
   
  
       334 
   
  
     
   
  
       484 
   
  
     
   
  
       677 
   
  
     
   
  
       809 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   897 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       105 
   
  
     
   
  
       375 
   
  
     
   
  
       543 
   
  
     
   
  
       736 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   877 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       86 
   
  
     
   
  
       299 
   
  
     
   
  
       494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       80 
   
  
     
   
  
       286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   486 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       140 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,965 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            251   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 Europe
is our largest non-U.S. region for Liability and Financial Lines.  Europe
Casualty and Financial Lines is composed of third-party coverages including
general liability, auto liability, D&O, professional liability and various
other lines of business throughout both the UK and Continental Europe. These
lines of business are all long-tail in nature and while somewhat diverse in
terms of exposures, these lines are often subject to similar trends. These
lines are impacted by the underwriting cycle and external judicial trends. The
largest share of business is in the UK, but significant business is also
written in other European countries such as Germany, France, and Italy. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by country and line of business. Additionally, we
separately review various product lines, including excess versus primary
casualty, commercial versus financial institutions management liability, and
other specific programs and subsets of business.  We maintain a database of
detailed historical premium and loss transactions in original currency for
business written outside of the U.S. which allows our actuaries to determine
loss reserves without foreign exchange distorting development. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods. For
countries and lines of business with sufficient loss volume, loss development
methods may be given significant weight for all but the most recent accident
years. For smaller countries and more volatile product lines, loss development
methods are typically given limited weight for recent accident years. Further,
we may rely on larger data subsets in determining the loss development factors
and  a priori  loss ratio assumptions. 

 In general, the
loss development for long-tail lines in Europe has been more stable than the
development in U.S. long-tail lines, although some underlying drivers have
affected the results in a similar manner (e.g. the impact of the financial
crisis in accident years 2008 and 2009).  

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2017 we recognized $507 million of unfavorable prior year
development in Europe casualty and Financial Lines. We observed a significant
increase in large claims activity across multiple segments, notably excess
casualty business and D&O and professional liability coverages for
financial institutions. This experience was spread across multiple accident
years but had the largest impact on accident year 2016 and accident years 2008
and prior. We increased loss development assumptions for Financial Lines
business in consideration of the increased loss activity experienced in older
accident years and increased expected loss ratios for more recent accident
years. For Casualty lines, we increased loadings for large losses, particularly
in the more recent accident years. In addition, we increased our loss reserves
as a result of the decision made by the U.K. Ministry of Justice to reduce the
discount rate applied to lump-sum bodily injury payouts, known as the Ogden
rate.  

 During 2016, we recognized $320 million of unfavorable prior year
development. Within Europe Financial Lines, we recognized $232 million of unfavorable
development primarily from the D&O line in UK and Continental Europe as
result of the unfavorable actual versus expected loss emergence in 2016 due to
increased frequency and severity resulting from increasing litigation. In
Europe Casualty we recognized $123 million of unfavorable development primarily
from the unexpected emergence of several large excess casualty claims. The
actual versus expected loss emergence for Europe Casualty and Financial Lines
was more than expected. 

 During 2015, we recognized $142 million of unfavorable prior year
development, primarily due to primary casualty and professional liability in
Continental Europe and the UK. During 2015, we implemented an enhanced claims
operating model in Europe which has provided our actuaries with more detailed
case reserve data and analysis, enabling AIG’s actuaries to react sooner to
case development than in prior years.   

 Europe Property and Special Risks 

 During 2017, we recognized $157 million of unfavorable
prior year development in the Europe Property and Special Risks segment driven
primarily by unexpected development on large claims, primarily from accident
years 2015 and 2016. 

 During 2016, we recognized $11 million of unfavorable
prior year development.  


 


 

 252                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       633 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       636 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       644 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       643 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       632 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       626 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       620 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       618 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       614 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,602 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       738 
   
  
     
   
  
       666 
   
  
     
   
  
       675 
   
  
     
   
  
       674 
   
  
     
   
  
       666 
   
  
     
   
  
       680 
   
  
     
   
  
       655 
   
  
     
   
  
       655 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,109 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       788 
   
  
     
   
  
       747 
   
  
     
   
  
       719 
   
  
     
   
  
       703 
   
  
     
   
  
       712 
   
  
     
   
  
       703 
   
  
     
   
  
       706 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,389 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       763 
   
  
     
   
  
       687 
   
  
     
   
  
       648 
   
  
     
   
  
       642 
   
  
     
   
  
       631 
   
  
     
   
  
       628 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,925 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       728 
   
  
     
   
  
       682 
   
  
     
   
  
       648 
   
  
     
   
  
       630 
   
  
     
   
  
       615 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   627 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,457 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       914 
   
  
     
   
  
       915 
   
  
     
   
  
       842 
   
  
     
   
  
       840 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,405 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       994 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,046 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,719 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,226 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,219 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,799 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,118 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,629 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,377 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,313 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,986 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,971) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,022 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       399 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       511 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       546 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       590 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       596 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       596 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       598 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   599 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       183 
   
  
     
   
  
       429 
   
  
     
   
  
       532 
   
  
     
   
  
       585 
   
  
     
   
  
       613 
   
  
     
   
  
       620 
   
  
     
   
  
       632 
   
  
     
   
  
       634 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   635 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       187 
   
  
     
   
  
       489 
   
  
     
   
  
       584 
   
  
     
   
  
       634 
   
  
     
   
  
       672 
   
  
     
   
  
       686 
   
  
     
   
  
       690 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       181 
   
  
     
   
  
       444 
   
  
     
   
  
       543 
   
  
     
   
  
       581 
   
  
     
   
  
       591 
   
  
     
   
  
       599 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       154 
   
  
     
   
  
       410 
   
  
     
   
  
       511 
   
  
     
   
  
       549 
   
  
     
   
  
       572 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       193 
   
  
     
   
  
       535 
   
  
     
   
  
       700 
   
  
     
   
  
       751 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   786 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       220 
   
  
     
   
  
       669 
   
  
     
   
  
       885 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   939 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       290 
   
  
     
   
  
       778 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,005 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   894 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,971 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            253   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 Europe
Property products include commercial, industrial and energy-related property
insurance products and services that cover exposures to manmade and natural
disasters, including business interruption.  Europe Special Risk products
include aerospace, environmental, political risk, trade credit, surety and
marine insurance, and various small and medium sized enterprises insurance
lines. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business. Additionally, we separately review
various subsets, including hull, cargo, and liability for marine business,
aviation and satellite for aerospace business, and various other specific
programs and product lines. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail classes such as Europe Property. 

 IBNR factor
methods are used when the nature of losses is low frequency/high severity. The
IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the ultimate expected
losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The factors are
determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to reflect
current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs. The
factors are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience, rate
changes or other factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor
being employed. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
aviation exposures. Aviation claims are not very long-tail in nature; however,
they are driven by claim severity. Thus a combination of both development and
expected loss ratio methods is used for all but the latest accident year to
determine the loss reserves.  Frequency/severity methods are not employed due
to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of claims from year
to year. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. The
claims staff also provides specific estimates to assist in the setting of
reserves for natural catastrophe losses. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident year.
We also use ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to assist
in developing the appropriate reserve. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2017, we recognized $157 million of unfavorable prior year
development, primarily from accident years 2015 and 2016. This was largely
driven by large individual claim development in the property, aviation, marine,
and trade credit lines of business 

 During 2016, we recognized $11 million of unfavorable prior year
development, primarily from the property segment. 

 During 2015, we recognized $4 million of unfavorable prior year
development from a number of large individual property claims. 

 Europe and Japan Personal Insurance   

 During 2017, we recognized $58 million of
favorable prior year development in Europe and Japan Personal Insurance mainly
due to accident and health business. 

 During 2016, we recognized $82 million of
favorable prior year development in Europe and Japan Personal Insurance mainly
due to accident and health business.               


 


 

 254                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on
  Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,869 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,911 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,904 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,908 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,915 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,919 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,916 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,912 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,577,002 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,900 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,901 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,920 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,909 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,907 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,900 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,902 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,902 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605,992 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,969 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,007 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,015 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,003 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,004 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,999 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819,631 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,274 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,324 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,293 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,295 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,284 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,777,001 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,898 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,867 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,851 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,836 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,845 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,729,298 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,747 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,736 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,734,759 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,717 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,716 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,698 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,789,718 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,795 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,762,514 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,734 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,762,768 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,502,118 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,468 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses
  and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the
  table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year
  2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss
  adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses
  and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in
  the table are not covered by the Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,602 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,421 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,829 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,865 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,896 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,899 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,627 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,412 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,656 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,765 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,821 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,850 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,867 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,879 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,886 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,703 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,497 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,741 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,852 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,909 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,944 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,963 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,975 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,987 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,787 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,022 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,134 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,198 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,227 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,244 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,614 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,363 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,591 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,698 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,754 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,785 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,503 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,246 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,462 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,569 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,625 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,476 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,225 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,447 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,558 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,501 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,270 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,493 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,231 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,465 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,161 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in
  the table are not covered by the Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            255   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 Europe
and Japan Personal Insurance lines consist of accident and health and personal
lines. Accident and health products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal
accident and supplemental health products for individuals, employees,
associations and other organizations as well as a broad range of travel
insurance products and services for leisure and business travelers. Personal
lines include automobile and homeowners’ insurance, extended warranty, and
consumer specialty products, such as identity theft and credit card protection.
Personal lines are generally short-tail in nature. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business (and by country for Europe and Japan
business) and may separately review various sub-segments, such as specific
accident and health products and property damage versus liability for other
personal lines products. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail product lines such as personal
property. 

 Frequency/severity
and loss development methods are utilized for domestic personal auto product
lines. 

 For these
classes of business, reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim
counts emerge quickly for personal auto. Frequency/severity methods allow for
more immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry
and other diagnostic metrics. 

 In general,
development for Europe and Japan Personal Insurance classes has been very stable,
with only modest changes in the initial selected loss ratios for this business. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2017, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $58 million and $82 million of favorable
development, and $15 million of unfavorable development, respectively, mainly
driven by the accident and health business.  

 U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance Lines 

 During 2017, the U.S. Run-Off Long
Tail Insurance Lines experienced favorable prior year development of $30
million driven primarily by favorable asbestos development. 

 During 2016, the U.S. Run-Off Long
Tail Insurance Lines experienced unfavorable prior year development of $390
million driven by Legacy pre-1986 pollution losses and the Run-Off public
entity casualty business.        


 


 

 256                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative
  Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       945 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,035 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       884 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       868 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       909 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       926 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       976 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       983 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   985 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,075 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       553 
   
  
     
   
  
       532 
   
  
     
   
  
       544 
   
  
     
   
  
       579 
   
  
     
   
  
       635 
   
  
     
   
  
       602 
   
  
     
   
  
       599 
   
  
     
   
  
       580 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,237 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       640 
   
  
     
   
  
       528 
   
  
     
   
  
       534 
   
  
     
   
  
       557 
   
  
     
   
  
       585 
   
  
     
   
  
       582 
   
  
     
   
  
       611 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,490 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       534 
   
  
     
   
  
       542 
   
  
     
   
  
       576 
   
  
     
   
  
       641 
   
  
     
   
  
       676 
   
  
     
   
  
       685 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,798 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       629 
   
  
     
   
  
       678 
   
  
     
   
  
       741 
   
  
     
   
  
       786 
   
  
     
   
  
       751 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       482 
   
  
     
   
  
       533 
   
  
     
   
  
       589 
   
  
     
   
  
       570 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   528 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,510 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       379 
   
  
     
   
  
       475 
   
  
     
   
  
       453 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,307 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       439 
   
  
     
   
  
       523 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   550 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,285 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       294 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,591 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   607 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,597 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,830) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   before accident year 2008, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior
  year loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       497 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       572 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       657 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       726 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       787 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       846 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   866 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       42 
   
  
     
   
  
       134 
   
  
     
   
  
       231 
   
  
     
   
  
       286 
   
  
     
   
  
       368 
   
  
     
   
  
       409 
   
  
     
   
  
       429 
   
  
     
   
  
       447 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   461 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       57 
   
  
     
   
  
       149 
   
  
     
   
  
       243 
   
  
     
   
  
       321 
   
  
     
   
  
       404 
   
  
     
   
  
       435 
   
  
     
   
  
       455 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   464 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       21 
   
  
     
   
  
       140 
   
  
     
   
  
       259 
   
  
     
   
  
       385 
   
  
     
   
  
       449 
   
  
     
   
  
       532 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       86 
   
  
     
   
  
       194 
   
  
     
   
  
       286 
   
  
     
   
  
       414 
   
  
     
   
  
       481 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       87 
   
  
     
   
  
       154 
   
  
     
   
  
       261 
   
  
     
   
  
       321 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       21 
   
  
     
   
  
       96 
   
  
     
   
  
       185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       35 
   
  
     
   
  
       132 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       53 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,830 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   * The losses reported in the table are not covered by the
  Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            257   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Reserving
Process and Methodology 

 U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance lines include
run-off lines for asbestos and environmental (1986 and prior), excess workers’
compensation, and other casualty coverages consisting of environmental
impairment liability and related coverages, medical malpractice, workers’
compensation, and general liability.  In some cases, the exposures in the more
recent years have declined since the portfolio is in run-off. 

 Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and prior) 

 Asbestos coverage has
been excluded from AIG policies commencing in 1985. Most of AIG’s asbestos
claims exposures are ceded to National Indemnity Company (NICO) under a
retroactive reinsurance arrangement entered into in 2011. Many of other
asbestos-related exposures are very long-tailed in nature and with exposures
dating back 30 years or more. We consider a number of factors and recent
experience in addition to the results of both external and internal analyses,
to estimate asbestos and pre-1986 environmental loss reserves.  We primarily
base our determination of these loss reserves on a combination of ground-up and
top-down analyses of historical claims and available insurance coverages. 
Nonetheless, we believe that significant uncertainty remains as to our ultimate
liability for asbestos and environmental claims, which is due to several
factors, including: 

 •       the
long latency period between asbestos exposure and disease manifestation, and
pollution events occurring undetected over many years, leading to the potential
for involvement of multiple policy periods for individual claims; 

 •       claims
filed under the non-aggregate premises or operations section of general
liability policies; 

 •       the
number of insureds seeking bankruptcy protection and the effect of prepackaged
bankruptcies; 

 •       diverging
legal interpretations; and  

 •       the
difficulty in estimating the allocation of remediation cost among various
parties with respect to environmental claims. 

 Loss reserves for asbestos and environmental
claims cannot be estimated using conventional reserving techniques such as those
that rely on historical accident year loss development factors. The methods
used to determine asbestos and environmental loss estimates and to establish
the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated by management. 

 Excess Workers’ Compensation 

 Excess workers’ compensation has an extremely
long tail and is one of the most challenging lines of business from a reserving
perspective, particularly when the excess coverage is provided above a
self-insured retention layer. The class is highly sensitive to small changes in
assumptions (for example — in the rate of medical inflation or the longevity of
injured workers) which can have a significant effect on the ultimate reserve
cost estimate. 

 Excess Workers’ Compensation business was written over qualified
self-insurance by various divisions beginning in the 1980’s.  In 1992, this
business was consolidated into one division where it continued writing business
up until 2011, when it was effectively put into runoff.  In this book of
business, the claims are not handled (or administered) by AIG General Insurance
claims personnel, but are administered by the client’s designated TPA. However,
AIG General Insurance claims personnel maintain an oversight role over these
TPAs and claims. 

 Loss and loss adjustment expense liability
estimates for excess workers’ compensation exposures are subject to additional
uncertainties, due to the following: 

 •       claim
settlement time is longer than most other casualty lines, due to the lifetime
benefits that can be expected to payout on certain claims;  

 •       coverage
statutes that vary by state; and 

 •       future
medical inflation costs are difficult to estimate 

 For this business, a combination of traditional
methods (paid and incurred loss development) and non-traditional methods
(individual claim annuity model, report yea incurred loss development, and pure
IBNR count/severity methods) are used to estimate loss and loss expense
liability estimates.  Loss data is segmented so as to reflect the anomalies in
the historical data due to the various loss mitigation initiatives employed
over the last several years.  

 Other Casualty Run-Off 

 As noted above, other legacy exposures include
environmental impairment liability and related coverages, medical malpractice,
workers’ compensation, and general liability.  Depending on the individual
class or lines of business reviewed, either traditional methods (i.e. paid loss
development, incurred loss development), non-traditional methods (such as paid
survival ratio or IBNR-to-case ratio methods) or a combination of the two are
used.  In addition, for some of the environmental impairment liability related
coverage,  
 


 

 258                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 approaches based on individual claim
department estimates for large remediation sites are extensively included as
part of the overall actuarial estimates for environmental impairment liability
related exposures. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2017, the U.S. Run-Off long tail insurance
lines recognized $30 million of favorable prior year development.  

 During 2016, the U.S. Run-Off long tail insurance lines
recognized $390 million of unfavorable prior year development.  

 Asbestos and Environmental (1986
and prior)     

 In 2017, we recognized favorable net prior year development
of $37 million on the retained portion of asbestos claims. This was primarily
due to additional reinsurance recoveries identified for this portfolio. The
development on the portion of the asbestos business ceded to NICO was
unfavorable by $50 million on a gross basis, but had no net impact. For environmental,
we recognized $22 million in unfavorable prior year development in
consideration of activity related to several large clean-up sites and related
accounts as well as a result of top-down actuarial analyses performed during
the year. As part of this analysis, we increased our estimates of unallocated
loss adjustment expense reserves for such claims, which were partially offset
by a decrease in indemnity reserves. 

 In 2016, we increased gross undiscounted asbestos incurred
losses by $106 million and decreased net undiscounted asbestos incurred losses
by $20 million. The gross undiscounted change reflects an increase in estimates
related to our accounts retroceded to NICO.  The favorable development of the
net incurred losses was largely a result of higher estimated external
reinsurance recoveries on our retained asbestos exposures. For environmental,
we increased incurred losses by $211 million primarily due to unfavorable development
on several large clean-up sites and related accounts as well as a result of top
down actuarial analyses performed during the year. 

 During 2015, the reported claim activity on the assumed
claims increased. We responded to this by modifying certain of our
loss-reserve-related assumptions to better reflect our loss development.
Additionally, we considered recent industry-wide trends regarding expanding
coverage theories for liability.  In 2015, both the retained accounts and
retroceded accounts ground-up reviews for asbestos were updated. As a result,
we increased gross undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by $13 million and
increased net undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by $164 million. The net
undiscounted change reflects an increase primarily due to third-party assumed
reinsurance exposures. With the gross incurred loss increase less than the net
incurred loss increase, the resulting ceded incurred losses were reduced. For
environmental, we increased gross environmental incurred losses by $214 million
and net environmental incurred losses by $117 million as a result of top down
actuarial analyses performed during the year, as well as development on a large
sediment site. 

 Excess Workers’ Compensation    

 We did not recognize any material development in this
segment during 2017, 2016 or 2015.  The proactive management of settlement
negotiations and other claims mitigation strategies minimized the volatility
observed during this period. 

 Other Casualty Run-Off    

 In 2017, the net prior year development for the remaining
legacy was favorable by $15 million. We experienced favorable development on
runoff medical malpractice and environmental impairment liability business,
which was partially offset by net unfavorable development on other casualty
segments. 

 We increased the reserves for
these coverages by $190 million and $636 million during 2016 and 2015,
respectively, to reflect updated assumptions about future loss development. The
2016 increase was driven by runoff public entity business where we reacted to
the adverse emergence over the last year by increasing our loss development
factors to reflect the portfolio’s experience especially in the loss tail
instead of relying on the overall excess casualty loss development factors. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            259   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Prior Year Development before 2008 

 The previous development tables include only accident years 2008
to 2017.  The following table summarizes (favorable) unfavorable development,
of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year 2007 and
prior by operating segment and major class of business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   2007 and prior accident year development, excluding the impact
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adverse Development Reinsurance Agreement, by major class of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   of business and driver of development: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation (before discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Long Tail Insurance lines (before discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
 
   
   All Other including unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,840 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,848 
   
  
 



 Claims Payout Patterns 

 The following table presents the historical average annual
percentage claims payout on an accident year basis at the same level of
disaggregation as presented in the claims development table. 

 
  
   
   Average Annual Percentage Payout of Incurred Losses by Age,
  Net of Reinsurance (Unaudited) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
   14.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   12.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   9.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   5.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
   4.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Property and Special risks 
   
  
   30.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Personal Insurance 
   
  
   61.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
   7.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe Property and Special risks 
   
  
   24.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
   
  
   56.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Long Tail Insurance lines 
   
  
   9.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Discounting of Loss Reserves 

 At December 31,
2017, the loss reserves reflect a net loss reserve discount of $1.8 billion,
including tabular and non-tabular calculations based upon the following
assumptions:  

 Certain asbestos
claims were discounted when allowed by the regulator and when payments are
fixed and determinable, based on the investment yields of the companies and the
payout pattern for the claims. At December 31, 2016, the discount for asbestos
reserves was fully amortized. 

 The tabular
workers’ compensation discount is calculated based on a 3.5 percent interest
rate and the mortality rate used in the 2007 U.S. Life Table.  

 The non-tabular
workers’ compensation discount is calculated separately for companies domiciled
in New York and Pennsylvania, and follows the statutory regulations (prescribed
or permitted) for each state.  For New York companies, the discount is based on
a 5 percent interest rate and the companies’ own payout patterns.  For the
Pennsylvania companies, the statute specifies discount factors for accident
years 2001 and prior, which are based on a 6 percent interest rate and an
industry payout pattern.  For accident years 2002 and subsequent, the discount
is based on the payout patterns and investment yields of the companies.  


 


 

 260                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 In 2013, our Pennsylvania regulator approved use of a
consistent discount rate (U.S. Treasury rate plus a liquidity premium) to all
of our workers’ compensation reserves in our Pennsylvania-domiciled companies,
as well as our use of updated payout patterns specific to our primary and
excess workers’ compensation portfolios.   

 The discount
consists of $622 million of tabular discount for workers’ compensation and
$1,222 million of non-tabular discount for workers’ compensation. During the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 the benefit/(charge) from changes
in discount of ($187) million, $422 million and $71 million, respectively, were
recorded as part of the policyholder benefits and losses incurred in the
Consolidated Statement of Income. 

 The following table presents the components of the loss reserve
discount discussed above: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance
  Run- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance
  Run- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Off
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Off
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   918 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,570 
   
  
 
   
   Retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total reserve discount * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   926 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   918 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,570 
   
  
 



 * Excludes
$173 million and $181 million of discount related to certain long tail
liabilities in the United Kingdom at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,
respectively. 

 The following table presents the net loss reserve discount benefit
(charge): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   North 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-Off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-Off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-Off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Current accident year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
 
   
   Accretion and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjustments to prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   year discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (230) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of interest rate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Amount transferred to run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change in discount on loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   reserves ceded under 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net change in total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   reserve discount * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,657) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,726) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Comprised of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,657) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,726) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 



 *    Excludes
$8 million and $20 million of discount related to certain long tail liabilities
in the United Kingdom at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 During
2017 and 2016, effective interest rates declined due to a decrease in the
forward yield curve component of the discount rates reflecting a decline U.S.
Treasury rates along the changes in payout pattern assumptions. This resulted
in a decrease in the loss reserve discount by $71 million in 2017 and $106
million in 2016. 

 During 2015, the
effective interest rate increased due to the increase in Treasury rates and
credit spreads that resulted in an increase in the loss reserve discount by
$225 million. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            261   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Future Policy Benefits  

 Future policy
benefits primarily include reserves for traditional life and annuity payout
contracts, which represent an estimate of the present value of future benefits
less the present value of future net premiums. Included in Future policy
benefits are liabilities for annuities issued in structured settlement
arrangements whereby a claimant has agreed to settle a general insurance claim
in exchange for fixed payments over a fixed determinable period of time with a
life contingency feature. In addition, reserves for contracts in loss
recognition are adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains on fixed
maturity and equity securities available for sale, with related changes
recognized through Other comprehensive income.  

 Future policy
benefits also include certain guaranteed benefits of variable annuity products
that are not considered embedded derivatives, primarily guaranteed minimum
death benefits.   

 For
additional information on guaranteed minimum death benefits see Note 14.  

 The liability
for long-duration future policy benefits has been established including
assumptions for interest rates which vary by year of issuance and product, and
range from approximately 0.1 percent to 14 percent. Mortality and surrender
rate assumptions are generally based on actual experience when the liability is
established. 

 Policyholder Contract Deposits  

 The liability
for Policyholder contract deposits is primarily recorded at accumulated value
(deposits received and net transfers from separate accounts, plus accrued
interest credited at rates ranging from 0.2 percent to 9.0 percent at December
31, 2017, less withdrawals and assessed fees). Deposits collected on
investment-oriented products are not reflected as revenues, because they are
recorded directly to Policyholder contract deposits upon receipt.  Amounts
assessed against the contract holders for mortality, administrative, and other
services are included in revenues.  

 In addition to
liabilities for universal life, fixed annuities, fixed options within variable
annuities, annuities without life contingencies, funding agreements and GICs, policyholder
contract deposits also include our liability for (a) certain guaranteed
benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair
value, (b) annuities issued in a structured settlement arrangement with no
life contingency and (c) certain contracts we have elected to account for
at fair value.   

 For
additional information on guaranteed benefits accounted for as embedded
derivatives see Note 14 herein. 

 For universal
life policies with secondary guarantees, we recognize certain liabilities in
addition to policyholder account balances.  For universal life policies with
secondary guarantees, as well as other universal life policies for which
profits followed by losses are expected at contract inception, a liability is
recognized based on a benefit ratio of (a) the present value of total expected
payments, in excess of the account value, over the life of the contract,
divided by (b) the present value of total expected assessments over the life of
the contract.  For universal life policies without secondary guarantees, for
which profits followed by losses are first expected after contract inception,
we establish a liability, in addition to policyholder account balances, so that
expected future losses are recognized in proportion to the emergence of profits
in the earlier (profitable) years.  Universal life account balances as well as
these additional liabilities related to universal life products are reported
within Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These
additional liabilities are also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized
gains or losses on fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale on
accumulated assessments, with related changes recognized through Other
comprehensive income. 

 Under
a funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, an unaffiliated,
non-consolidated statutory trust issues medium-term notes to investors, which
are secured by GICs issued to the trust by one of our Life and Retirement companies
through our Institutional Markets business. 

 The following table presents Policyholder contract deposits by
product line: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,278 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,578 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,855 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,934 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,077 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,286 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,285 
   
  
 
   
   Total Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,602 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,216 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 262                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
|    13. Insurance Liabilities   

   


 
 Other Policyholder Funds 

 Other
policyholder funds include unearned revenue reserves (URR). URR consist of
front-end loads on investment-oriented contracts, representing those policy
loads that are non-level and typically higher in initial policy years than in
later policy years. URR for investment-oriented contracts are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits (EGPs) to be realized over the estimated lives of the
contracts and are subject to the same adjustments due to changes in the
assumptions underlying EGPs as DAC.  Amortization of URR is recorded in Policy
fees. Similar to Shadow DAC, URR related to investment-oriented products is
also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed
maturity and equity securities available for sale on estimated gross profits, with
related changes recognized through Other comprehensive income (shadow URR). 

 Other
policyholder funds also include provisions for future dividends to
participating policyholders, accrued in accordance with all applicable
regulatory or contractual provisions. Participating life business represented
approximately 1.9 percent of gross insurance in force at December 31, 2017
and 1.8 percent of gross domestic premiums and other considerations in 2017.
The amount of annual dividends to be paid is approved locally by the boards of
directors of the Life and Retirement companies. Provisions for future dividend
payments are computed by jurisdiction, reflecting local regulations. The
portions of current and prior net income and of current unrealized appreciation
of investments that can inure to our benefit are restricted in some cases by
the insurance contracts and by the local insurance regulations of the
jurisdictions in which the policies are in force. 

 Certain products
are subject to experience adjustments. These include group life and group
medical products, credit life contracts, accident and health insurance
contracts/riders attached to life policies and, to a limited extent,
reinsurance agreements with other direct insurers. Ultimate premiums from these
contracts are estimated and recognized as revenue with the unearned portions of
the premiums recorded as liabilities in Other policyholder funds. Experience
adjustments vary according to the type of contract and the territory in which
the policy is in force and are subject to local regulatory guidance. 



 
  



 

 14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts  

 


 We
report variable contracts within the separate accounts when investment income
and investment gains and losses accrue directly to, and investment risk is
borne by, the contract holder and the separate account meets additional
accounting criteria to qualify for separate account treatment. The assets
supporting the variable portion of variable annuity and variable universal life
contracts that qualify for separate account treatment are carried at fair value
and reported as Separate account assets, with an equivalent summary total
reported as Separate account liabilities.  

 Policy values
for variable products and investment contracts are expressed in terms of
investment units. Each unit is linked to an asset portfolio. The value of a
unit increases or decreases based on the value of the linked asset portfolio.
The current liability at any time is the sum of the current unit value of all
investment units in the separate accounts, plus any liabilities for guaranteed
minimum death benefits or guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits included in
Future policy benefits or Policyholder contract deposits, respectively. 

 Amounts assessed
against the contract holders for mortality, administrative and other services
are included in revenue. Net investment income, net investment gains and
losses, changes in fair value of assets, and policyholder account deposits and
withdrawals related to separate accounts are excluded from the Consolidated
Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Cash Flows.  

 Variable
annuity contracts may include certain contractually guaranteed benefits to the
contract holder. These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death
benefits (GMDB) that are payable in the event of death, and living benefits
that are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at
specified dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits primarily
include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB). A variable annuity
contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for
example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can only
receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death
benefit and a living benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive (except
a surviving spouse who has a rider to potentially collect both a GMDB upon
their spouse’s death and a GMWB during their lifetime). A policyholder cannot purchase
more than one living benefit on one contract.  The net amount at risk for
each feature is calculated irrespective of the existence of other features; as
a result, the net amount at risk for each feature is not additive to that of
other features. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            263   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts   

   


 
 Account balances
of variable annuity contracts with guarantees were invested in separate account
investment options as follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Equity funds 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48,594 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,266 
   
  
 
   
   Bond funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,798 
   
  
 
   
   Balanced funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,365 
   
  
 
   
   Money market funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   730 
   
  
     
   
  
   840 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,269 
   
  
 



 GMDB 

 Depending on the
contract, the GMDB feature may provide a death benefit of either (a) total
deposits made to the contract less any partial withdrawals plus a minimum
return (and in rare instances, no minimum return) or (b) the highest
contract value attained, typically on any anniversary date minus any subsequent
withdrawals following the contract anniversary. GMDB is our most widely offered
benefit. 

 The liability
for GMDB, which is recorded in Future policy benefits, represents the expected
value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess
recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected
assessments, through Policyholder benefits and losses incurred.  The net amount
at risk for GMDB represents the amount of benefits in excess of account value
if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 

 The following table presents details concerning our GMDB
exposures, by benefit type : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
 
   
   Account value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Net amount at risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Average attained age of contract holders by product 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Range of guaranteed minimum return rates 
   
  
     
   
  
   0%-4.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0%-4.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 The following summarizes GMDB liability related to variable annuity
contracts, excluding assumed reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   420 
   
  
 
   
      Reserve increase (decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in reserves related to unrealized appreciation of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   352 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491 
   
  
 



 Assumptions
used to determine the GMDB liability include interest rates, which vary by year
of issuance and products; mortality rates, which are based upon actual
experience modified to allow for variations in policy form; lapse rates, which
are based upon actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy
form; i nvestment returns, using
assumptions from a randomly generated model; and  asset growth assumptions, which include a reversion to the mean
methodology, similar to that applied for DAC.   

 We regularly
evaluate estimates used to determine the GMDB liability and adjust the
additional liability balance, with a related charge or credit to Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred, if actual experience or other evidence suggests
that earlier assumptions should be revised. 

 GMWB  

 Certain of our
variable annuity contracts contain optional GMWB benefits and, to a lesser
extent, guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits, which are not currently
offered. With a GMWB, the contract holder can monetize the excess of the
guaranteed amount over the account value of the contract only through a series
of withdrawals that do not exceed a specific percentage per year of the
guaranteed amount. If, after the series of withdrawals, the account value is
exhausted, the contract holder will receive a series of  
 


 

 264                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts   

   


 
 annuity
payments equal to the remaining guaranteed amount, and, for lifetime GMWB
products, the annuity payments continue as long as the covered person(s) is
living.  

 The liabilities
for GMWB, which are recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted
for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair
value of the liabilities recorded in Other net realized capital gains (losses).
The fair value of these embedded derivatives was a net liability of $2.0
billion and $1.8 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 For
discussion of the fair value measurement of guaranteed benefits that are
accounted for as embedded derivatives see Note 5.   

 We had account
values subject to GMWB that totaled $45 billion and $41 billion at December 31,
2017 and 2016, respectively. The net amount at risk for GMWB represents the
present value of minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments, in accordance with
contract terms, in excess of account value, assuming no lapses. The net amount
at risk related to the GMWB guarantees was $450 million and $834 million at
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We use derivative instruments and
other financial instruments to mitigate a portion of our exposure that arises
from GMWB benefits.   



 
  



 

 15. Debt  

 


 Our long-term debt is
denominated in various currencies, with both fixed and variable interest rates.
Long-term debt is carried at the principal amount borrowed, including
unamortized discounts, hedge accounting valuation adjustments and fair value
adjustments, when applicable. 

 The following table lists our total debt outstanding at December
31, 2017 and 2016. The interest rates presented in the following table are the
range of contractual rates in effect at December 31, 2017, including fixed and
variable-rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
   Range
  of 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Interest
  Rate(s) 
   
  
   Date(s) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   0% -
  8.13% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 -
  2097 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,339 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,432 
   
  
 
   
      Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   4.88% -
  8.63% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2037 -
  2058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
 
   
      AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
   0.28% -
  0.44% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 -
  2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   6.63% -
  7.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2025 -
  2029 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   7.57% -
  8.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2030 -
  2046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,156 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,247 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      MIP notes payable 
   
  
   2.72% -
  2.95% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
 
   
      Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   1.21% -
  1.30% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2046 -
  2047 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
      GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
   0.50% -
  7.62% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 -
  2053 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   2,934 
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
   0.50% -
  9.97% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 -
  2040 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,559 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,421 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,806 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      mortgages payable 
   
  
   1.40% -
  1.57% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (b) 
   
  
   0% -
  9.31% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 -
  2065 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,029 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,371 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,219 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,106 
   
  
 
   
   Total long term debt    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
 



 (a)  AIG
Parent guarantees all such debt, except for MIP notes payable and Series AIGFP
matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of AIG
Parent.  Collateral posted to third parties was  $2.0 billion and $2.2 billion at  December 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016 ,
respectively .  This collateral primarily
consists of securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities
and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 

 (b)  At
December 31, 2017, includes debt of consolidated investment vehicles
related to real estate investments of $2.5 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments of $1.8 billion and other securitization vehicles of $1.7
billion. At December 31, 2016, includes debt of consolidated investment
vehicles related to real estate investments of $1.9 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments of $1.7 billion and other securitization vehicles of $771 million. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            265   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    15. Debt   

   


 
 The following table presents maturities of
long-term debt (including unamortized original issue discount, hedge accounting
valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, when applicable), excluding
$6.0 billion in borrowings of debt of consolidated investments: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year
  Ending 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   998 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,496 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,888 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   998 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,458 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,371 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,657 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,733 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,917 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,104 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,611 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,263 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,917 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,104 
   
  
 



 Uncollateralized and collateralized notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable consisted of the following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes/Bonds/Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages
  Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   334 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   334 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   334 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   524 
   
  
 



 *    AIG does not guarantee any of these borrowings. 

 AIGLH Junior Subordinated Debentures (Formerly, Liabilities Connected To
Trust Preferred Stock)  

 In connection
with our acquisition of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH) in 2001, we entered
into arrangements with AIGLH with respect to outstanding AIGLH capital
securities. In 1996, AIGLH issued capital securities through a trust to
institutional investors and funded the trust with AIGLH junior subordinated
debentures issued to the trust with the same terms as the capital securities.  

 On July 11,
2013, the AIGLH junior subordinated debentures were distributed to holders of
the capital securities, the capital securities were cancelled and the trusts
were dissolved. At December 31, 2017, the junior subordinated debentures
outstanding consisted of $113 million of 8.5 percent junior subordinated
debentures due July 2030, $211 million of 8.125 percent junior subordinated
debentures due March 2046 and $37 million of 7.57 percent junior subordinated
debentures due December 2045, each guaranteed by AIG Parent. 

 Credit Facilities 

 We maintain a
committed, revolving syndicated credit facility (the Facility) as a potential
source of liquidity for general corporate purposes.  The Facility provides for
aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured revolving
loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion without any limits
on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in June 2022. 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Available 
   
  
      
   
  
   Effective 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Size  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
   Date 
   
  
 
   
   Syndicated Credit Facility 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
   June
  2022 
   
  
   6/27/2017 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 266                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 16.
Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

 


 In the normal course of business, various contingent
liabilities and commitments are entered into by AIG and our subsidiaries. In
addition, AIG Parent guarantees various obligations of certain subsidiaries. 

 Although AIG
cannot currently quantify its ultimate liability for unresolved litigation and
investigation matters, including those referred to below, it is possible that
such liability could have a material adverse effect on AIG’s consolidated
financial condition or its consolidated results of operations or consolidated
cash flows for an individual reporting period. 

 Legal Contingencies 

 Overview.     In the normal course of business, AIG and our subsidiaries
are, like others in the insurance and financial services industries in general,
subject to regulatory and government investigations and actions, and litigation
and other forms of dispute resolution in a large number of proceedings pending
in various domestic and foreign jurisdictions.  Certain of these matters
involve potentially significant risk of loss due to potential for significant
jury awards and settlements, punitive damages or other penalties.  Many of
these matters are also highly complex and seek recovery on behalf of a class or
similarly large number of plaintiffs.  It is therefore inherently difficult to
predict the size or scope of potential future losses arising from these
matters.  In our insurance and reinsurance operations, litigation and
arbitration concerning the scope of coverage under insurance and reinsurance
contracts, and litigation and arbitration in which our subsidiaries defend or
indemnify their insureds under insurance contracts, are generally considered in
the establishment of our loss reserves.  Separate and apart from the foregoing
matters involving insurance and reinsurance coverage, AIG, our subsidiaries and
their respective officers and directors are subject to a variety of additional
types of legal proceedings brought by holders of AIG securities, customers,
employees and others, alleging, among other things, breach of contractual or
fiduciary duties, bad faith and violations of federal and state statutes and
regulations.  With respect to these other categories of matters not arising out
of claims for insurance or reinsurance coverage, we establish reserves for loss
contingencies when it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount
of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  In many instances, we are unable to
determine whether a loss is probable or to reasonably estimate the amount of
such a loss and, therefore, the potential future losses arising from legal
proceedings may exceed the amount of liabilities that we have recorded in our
financial statements covering these matters.  While such potential future
charges could be material, based on information currently known to management,
management does not believe, other than may be discussed below, that any such
charges are likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position
or results of operation. 

 Additionally,
from time to time, various regulatory and governmental agencies review the
transactions and practices of AIG and our subsidiaries in connection with
industry-wide and other inquiries into, among other matters, the business
practices of current and former operating insurance subsidiaries. We have
cooperated, and will continue to cooperate, in producing documents and other
information in response to such requests. 

 AIG’s Subprime Exposure, AIGFP Credit Default Swap Portfolio and Related
Matters 

 AIG,
AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively AIGFP), and
certain directors and officers of AIG, AIGFP and other AIG subsidiaries have
been named in various actions relating to our exposure to the U.S. residential
subprime mortgage market, unrealized market valuation losses on AIGFP’s super
senior credit default swap portfolio, losses and liquidity constraints relating
to our securities lending program and related disclosure and other matters
(Subprime Exposure Issues). 

 As noted
below, all of the actions relating to the Subprime Exposure Issues have been
resolved. 

 Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation.     On May 19,
2009, a consolidated class action complaint, resulting from the consolidation
of eight purported securities class actions filed between May 2008 and January
2009, was filed against AIG and certain directors and officers of AIG and
AIGFP, AIG’s outside auditors, and the underwriters of various securities
offerings in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York (SDNY) in In re American International Group, Inc. 2008 Securities
Litigation (the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation), asserting claims
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and
claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for
allegedly materially false and misleading statements in AIG’s public
disclosures from March 16, 2006 to September 16, 2008 relating to, among other
things, the Subprime Exposure Issues. 

 In 2014, lead
plaintiff, AIG and AIG’s outside auditor accepted mediators’ proposals to
settle the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation against all defendants. On
October 22, 2014, AIG paid the settlement amount of $960 million. On March 20,
2015, the Court issued an Order and Final Judgment approving the class
settlement and dismissing the action with prejudice, and the AIG settlement
became final on June 29, 2015. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            267   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 Individual Securities
Litigations.    Between November 18, 2011 and February 9, 2015, eleven
separate, though similar, securities actions (Individual Securities
Litigations) were filed in or transferred to the SDNY, asserting claims
substantially similar to those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation
against AIG and certain directors and officers of AIG and AIGFP. Two of the
actions were voluntarily dismissed, and the remaining nine have now been
settled. 

 Starr International Litigation  

 On
November 21, 2011, Starr International Company, Inc. (SICO) filed a
complaint against the United States in the United States Court of Federal
Claims (the Court of Federal Claims), bringing claims, both individually and on
behalf of the classes defined below and derivatively on behalf of AIG (the SICO
Treasury Action). The complaint challenges the government’s assistance of AIG,
pursuant to which AIG entered into a credit facility with the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York (the FRBNY, and such credit facility, the FRBNY Credit
Facility) and the United States received an approximately 80 percent
ownership in AIG. The complaint alleges that the interest rate imposed on AIG
and the appropriation of approximately 80 percent of AIG’s equity was
discriminatory, unprecedented, and inconsistent with liquidity assistance
offered by the government to other comparable firms at the time and violated
the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Takings Clauses of the U.S. Constitution. 

 In the SICO
Treasury Action, the only claims naming AIG as a party (as a nominal defendant)
are derivative claims on behalf of AIG. On September 21, 2012, SICO made a
pre‑litigation demand on our Board demanding that we pursue the
derivative claims or allow SICO to pursue the claims on our behalf. On
January 9, 2013, our Board unanimously refused SICO’s demand in its
entirety and on January 23, 2013, counsel for the Board sent a letter to
counsel for SICO describing the process by which our Board considered and
refused SICO’s demand and stating the reasons for our Board’s determination. 

 On
March 11, 2013, SICO filed a second amended complaint in the SICO Treasury
Action alleging that its demand was wrongfully refused. On June 26, 2013,
the Court of Federal Claims granted AIG’s and the United States’ motions to
dismiss SICO’s derivative claims in the SICO Treasury Action due to our Board’s
refusal of SICO’s demand and denied the United States’ motion to dismiss SICO’s
direct, non-derivative claims. 

 On March 11,
2013, the Court of Federal Claims in the SICO Treasury Action granted SICO’s
motion for class certification of two classes with respect to SICO’s non‑derivative
claims: (1) persons and entities who held shares of AIG Common Stock on or
before September 16, 2008 and who owned those shares on September 22,
2008 (the Credit Agreement Shareholder Class); and (2) persons and
entities who owned shares of AIG Common Stock on June 30, 2009 and were
eligible to vote those shares at AIG’s June 30, 2009 annual meeting of
shareholders (the Reverse Stock Split Shareholder Class). SICO has provided
notice of class certification to potential members of the classes, who,
pursuant to a court order issued on April 25, 2013, had to return opt‑in
consent forms by September 16, 2013 to participate in either class.
286,908 holders of AIG Common Stock during the two class periods have opted
into the classes. 

 On June 15,
2015, the Court of Federal Claims issued its opinion and order in the SICO
Treasury Action.  The Court found that the United States exceeded its statutory
authority by exacting approximately 80 percent of AIG’s equity in exchange for
the FRBNY Credit Facility, but that AIG shareholders suffered no damages as a
result.  SICO argued during trial that the two classes are entitled to a total
of approximately $40 billion in damages, plus interest. The Court also found
that the United States was not liable to the Reverse Stock Split Class in
connection with the reverse stock split vote at the June 30, 2009 annual meeting
of shareholders. 

 On June 17,
2015, the Court of Federal Claims entered judgment stating that “the Credit
Agreement Shareholder Class shall prevail on liability due to the Government's
illegal exaction, but shall recover zero damages, and that the Reverse Stock
Split Shareholder Class shall not prevail on liability or damages.”  SICO
filed a notice of appeal of the July 2, 2012 dismissal of SICO’s
unconstitutional conditions claim, the June 26, 2013 dismissal of SICO’s
derivative claims, the Court’s June 15, 2015 opinion and order, and the Court’s
June 17, 2015 judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit. The United States filed a notice of cross appeal of the Court’s July
2, 2012 opinion and order denying in part its motion to dismiss, the Court’s
June 26, 2013 opinion and order denying its motion to dismiss SICO’s direct
claims, the Court’s June 15, 2015 opinion and order, and the Court’s June 17,
2015 judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.  On May 9, 2017, the Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit: (i)  vacated the Court of Federal
Claims judgment on the Credit Agreement Shareholder Class and remanded with
instructions for dismissal of that class, and (ii) affirmed the finding of no
liability with respect to the Reverse Stock Split Class . 

 On October 6,
2017, SICO filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the United States
Supreme Court. 

 In the Court of
Federal Claims, the United States has alleged, as an affirmative defense in its
answer, that AIG is obligated to indemnify the FRBNY and its representatives,
including the Federal Reserve Board of Governors and the United States (as the
FRBNY’s principal), for any recovery in the SICO Treasury Action. 

 AIG believes
that any indemnification obligation would arise only if: (a) SICO prevails on
its appeal and ultimately receives an award of damages; (b) the United States
then commences an action against AIG seeking indemnification; and (c) the
United States is successful in such an action through any appellate process. If
SICO prevails on its claims and the United States seeks indemnification  
 


 

 268                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 from AIG, AIG intends to assert defenses thereto. A
reversal of the Court of Federal Claim’s June 17, 2015 decision and judgment
and a final determination that the United States is liable for damages,
together with a final  determination that AIG
is obligated to indemnify the United States for any such damages, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and
results of operations. 

 Tax Litigation.    

 We are party to
pending tax litigation before the Southern District of New York . For
additional information see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Commitments 

 We occupy leased
space in many locations under various long-term leases and have entered into
various leases covering the long-term use of data processing equipment. 

 The following table presents the future minimum lease payments
under operating leases at December 31, 2017: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
   $  
   
  
   243 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
 
   
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
 
   
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining years after 2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $  
   
  
   833 
   
  
 



 Rent expense
was $269 million, $331 million and $327 million for the years
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

 Other Commitments 

 In the normal course of business, we enter into commitments
to invest in limited partnerships, private equity funds and hedge funds and to
purchase and develop real estate in the U.S. and abroad. These commitments
totaled $3.2 billion at December 31, 2017. 

 Guarantees 

 Subsidiaries 

 We have issued unconditional guarantees with
respect to the prompt payment, when due, of all present and future payment
obligations and liabilities of AIGFP and of AIG Markets arising from
transactions entered into by AIG Markets.  

 In connection with AIGFP’s business activities, AIGFP has
issued, in a limited number of transactions, standby letters of credit or
similar facilities to equity investors of structured leasing transactions in an
amount equal to the termination value owing to the equity investor by the
lessee in the event of a lessee default (the equity termination value). The
total amount outstanding at December 31, 2017 was $139 million. In those
transactions, AIGFP has agreed to pay such amount if the lessee fails to pay.
The amount payable by AIGFP is, in certain cases, partially offset by amounts
payable under other instruments typically equal to the present value of
scheduled payments to be made by AIGFP. In the event that AIGFP is required to
make a payment to the equity investor, the lessee is unconditionally obligated
to reimburse AIGFP. To the extent that the equity investor is paid the equity
termination value from the standby letter of credit and/or other sources,
including payments by the lessee, AIGFP takes an assignment of the equity investor’s
rights under the lease of the underlying property. Because the obligations of
the lessee under the lease transactions are generally economically defeased,
lessee bankruptcy is the most likely circumstance in which AIGFP would be
required to pay without reimbursement. 

 AIG Parent files a consolidated federal income tax return
with certain subsidiaries and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax group
when making payments to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). AIG Parent and its
subsidiaries have adopted, pursuant to a written agreement, a method of
allocating consolidated federal income taxes. Under an Amended and Restated Tax
Payment Allocation Agreement dated June 6, 2011 between AIG Parent and one of
its Bermuda-domiciled insurance subsidiaries, AIG Life of Bermuda, Ltd. (AIGB),
AIG Parent has agreed to indemnify AIGB for any tax liability (including
interest and penalties) resulting from adjustments made by the IRS or other
appropriate authorities to taxable income, special deductions or credits in connection
with investments made by AIGB in certain affiliated entities. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            269   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 Asset Dispositions 

 We are subject to financial guarantees and
indemnity arrangements in connection with the completed sales of businesses
pursuant to our asset disposition plan. The various arrangements may be
triggered by, among other things, declines in asset values, the occurrence of
specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities,
developments in litigation or breaches of representations, warranties or covenants
provided by us. These arrangements are typically subject to various time
limitations, defined by the contract or by operation of law, such as statutes
of limitation. In some cases, the maximum potential obligation is subject to
contractual limitations, while in other cases such limitations are not
specified or are not applicable. 

 We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of the
maximum potential payout under certain of these arrangements. Overall, we
believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments related
to completed sales under these arrangements, and no material liabilities
related to these arrangements have been recorded in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets.  

 Other 

 •     
 For additional discussion on commitments and guarantees associated
with VIEs see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 •       For
additional disclosures about derivatives see Note 11 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

 •       For
additional disclosures about guarantees of outstanding debt see Note 25 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 








 

 17. Equity 

 


 Shares Outstanding 

 The following table presents a rollforward of outstanding shares: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Common
  Stock 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stock
  Issued 
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (530,744,521) 
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   371,806 
   
  
   371,806 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (182,382,160) 
   
  
   (182,382,160) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (712,754,875) 
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (712,754,875) 
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,069,110 
   
  
   2,069,110 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (200,649,886) 
   
  
   (200,649,886) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (911,335,651) 
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (911,335,651) 
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,386,462 
   
  
   3,386,462 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (99,677,646) 
   
  
   (99,677,646) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (1,007,626,835) 
   
  
   899,044,657 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 270                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 Dividends 

 Dividends
are payable on AIG Common Stock only when, as and if declared by our Board of
Directors in its discretion, from funds legally available for this purpose. In
considering whether to pay a dividend on or purchase shares of AIG Common
Stock, our Board of Directors considers a number of factors, including, but not
limited to: the capital resources available to support our insurance operations
and business strategies, AIG’s funding capacity and capital resources in
comparison to internal benchmarks, expectations for capital generation, rating
agency expectations for capital, regulatory standards for capital and capital
distributions, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem
relevant. 

 The following table presents record date, payment
date and dividends paid per share on AIG Common Stock: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends
  Paid 
   
  
 
   
   Record Date 
   
  
   Payment Date 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Per
  Share 
   
  
 
   
   December 8, 2017 
   
  
   December 22, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   September 15, 2017 
   
  
   September 29, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   June 14, 2017 
   
  
   June 28, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   March 15, 2017 
   
  
   March 29, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 8, 2016 
   
  
   December 22, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   September 15, 2016 
   
  
   September 29, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   June 13, 2016 
   
  
   June 27, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   March 14, 2016 
   
  
   March 28, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 7, 2015 
   
  
   December 21, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.28 
   
  
 
   
   September 14, 2015 
   
  
   September 28, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.28 
   
  
 
   
   June 11, 2015 
   
  
   June 25, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   March 12, 2015 
   
  
   March 26, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 



 Repurchase of AIG Common Stock 

 The following table presents repurchases of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate repurchases of common stock 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,275 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,460 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,691 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total number of common shares repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate repurchases of warrants 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total number of warrants repurchased (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  The
total number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but
the aggregate purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares
of AIG Common Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an accelerated
stock repurchase (ASR) agreement executed in the fourth quarter of 2014. 

 (b)  In
2017, we repurchased 185,000 warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock. 

 Our
Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock
and warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions. On May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors authorized an additional
increase of $2.5 billion to its previous share repurchase authorization.  As of
December 31, 2017, approximately $2.3 billion remained under our share repurchase
authorization. Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market,
private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or
automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise  (including
through the purchase of warrants) . Certain of
our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be effected through
Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. 

 The timing of
any future repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and
strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and
other factor s. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            271 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

 The following table presents a rollforward of Accumulated other
comprehensive income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Unrealized Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Maturity Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   on Which Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Temporary Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   of All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Impairments Were Taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1,
  2015, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,043 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,784) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         depreciation of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (488) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,519) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,007) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred
  policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs
  adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,119 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future
  policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,204 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign
  currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net
  actuarial gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior
  service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax
  asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,553 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31,
  2015, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,566 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,879) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (846) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         appreciation
  (depreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (326) 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   605 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred
  policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs adjustment
  and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future
  policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (676) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (676) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign
  currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net
  actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior
  service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax
  asset 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31,
  2016, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,629) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (972) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         appreciation of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,062 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred
  policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs
  adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,282) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,259) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future
  policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,102) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign
  currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net
  actuarial gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
 
   
      Change in prior
  service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax
  asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31,
  2017, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,693 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,090) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (931) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 272                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 The following table presents the other
comprehensive income (loss) reclassification adjustments for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation)
  of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturity
  Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   on
  Which Other- 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Than-Temporary
  Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   of All
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments
  Were Taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising
  during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,068) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,383) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      before income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (542) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,142) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,639) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense
  (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,553) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising
  during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (222) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (344) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,296 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive
  income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (345) 
   
  
     
   
  
   541 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   (173) 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (298) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (577) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax
  benefit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising
  during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   467 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,052 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,090 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   768 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   723 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,367 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense
  (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  comprehensive income, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   539 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            273 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 The following table presents the effect of
the reclassification of significant items out of Accumulated other
comprehensive income on the respective line items in the Consolidated
Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Amount
  Reclassified  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from
  Accumulated Other  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Comprehensive
  Income 
   
  
   Affected
  Line Item in the  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Statements of Income 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity
  securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   463 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred acquisition costs adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
      Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   768 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior-service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total reclassifications for the period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   723 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *   These
Accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the
computation of net periodic pension cost.  See Note 21 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 274                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    18. Earnings Per Share   

   


 
 18. Earnings Per
Share (EPS) 

 


 The basic EPS computation is
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, adjusted to
reflect all stock dividends and stock splits. The diluted EPS computation is
based on those shares used in the basic EPS computation plus shares that would
have been outstanding assuming issuance of common shares for all dilutive
potential common shares outstanding and adjusted to reflect all stock dividends
and stock splits.  

 The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted
EPS:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Numerator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
      Less: Net income from continuing operations attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders from
  continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,088) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (759) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
   Denominator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares outstanding — basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299,825,350 
   
  
 
   
      Dilutive shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,639,533 
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares outstanding — diluted (a)(b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   930,561,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334,464,883 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
 
   
   Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6.54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
 



 (a)  Shares
in the diluted EPS calculation represent basic shares for 2017 and 2016 due to
the net losses in those periods. The shares excluded from the calculation were
22,412,682 shares and 30,326,772 shares for the years ended December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively. 

 (b)  Dilutive
shares included our share-based employee compensation plans and a weighted
average portion of the warrants issued to AIG shareholders as part of AIG’s
recapitalization in January 2011.  The number of shares excluded from diluted
shares outstanding were 1.7 million, 0.2 million and 0.2 million
for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, because the
effect of including those shares in the calculation would have been
anti-dilutive.      



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            275 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions   

   


 
 19. Statutory
Financial Data and Restrictions 

 


 The following table presents statutory net income (loss) and
capital and surplus for our General Insurance companies and our Life and
Retirement companies in accordance with statutory accounting practices: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory net income (loss) (a)(b)(c) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (622) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (333) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,326) 
   
  
     
   
  
   594 
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (955) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,038 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   932 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,200 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,195 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory capital and surplus (a)(b)(c) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,514 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,665 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,587 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,209 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,252 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,314 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,804 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate minimum required statutory capital and surplus :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,307 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,166 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,257 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,473 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,440 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,088 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,269 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,322 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)            Excludes discontinued
operations and other divested businesses. Statutory capital and surplus and net
income (loss) with respect to foreign operations are as of November 30.  

 (b)            In aggregate, the 2016 General
Insurance companies and Life and Retirement companies statutory net income increased
by $479 million and the 2016 General Insurance companies and Life and
Retirement companies statutory capital and surplus decreased by $305 million,
compared to the amounts previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2016, due to finalization of statutory filings. 

 (c)            General Insurance companies
recognized $200 million of capital contributions from AIG Parent in their
statutory financial statements as of December 31, 2016 related to the reserve
strengthening in the fourth quarter. This capital contribution was received in
February 2017. 

 Our
insurance subsidiaries file financial statements prepared in accordance with
statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by domestic and foreign
insurance regulatory authorities. The principal differences between statutory
financial statements and financial statements prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP for domestic companies are that statutory financial statements
do not reflect DAC, some bond portfolios may be carried at amortized cost,
investment impairments are determined in accordance with statutory accounting
practices, assets and liabilities are presented net of reinsurance,
policyholder liabilities are generally valued using more conservative
assumptions and certain assets are non-admitted. 

 For domestic insurance subsidiaries, aggregate minimum
required statutory capital and surplus is based on the greater of the RBC level
that would trigger regulatory action or minimum requirements per state
insurance regulation. Capital and surplus requirements of our foreign
subsidiaries differ from those prescribed in the U.S., and can vary
significantly by jurisdiction. At both December 31, 2017 and 2016, all domestic
and foreign insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded the minimum required
statutory capital and surplus requirements and all domestic insurance
subsidiaries individually exceeded RBC minimum required levels. 


 


 

 276                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions   

   


 
 At December 31, 2017 and 2016,
our domestic insurance subsidiaries used the following permitted practices that
resulted in reported statutory surplus or risk-based capital that is
significantly different from the statutory surplus or risk based capital that
would have been reported had NAIC statutory accounting practices or the
prescribed regulatory accounting practices of their respective state regulator
been followed in all respects: 

 •       In
2015, a domestic life insurance subsidiary domiciled in Texas adopted a
permitted statutory accounting practice to report derivatives used to hedge
interest rate risk on product-related embedded derivatives at amortized cost
instead of fair value. In 2017, the permitted practice was expanded to include
additional derivative instruments utilized for the same purpose and to also
include an additional domestic life insurance subsidiary domiciled in Texas. This
permitted practice resulted in an increase in the statutory surplus of our
subsidiaries of $407 million and $645 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 •       In
2016, certain domestic property and casualty subsidiaries domiciled in New
York, Pennsylvania and Delaware applied a permitted practice to present the
inception date effects of the 2017 adverse loss development cover in their 2016
statutory-basis financial statements.  This permitted practice resulted in an
increase in the subsidiaries’ aggregate surplus as of December 31, 2016 of $1.1
billion.   

 •       As
described in Note 13, our domestic property and casualty insurance subsidiaries
domiciled in New York, Pennsylvania and Delaware discount non-tabular workers’
compensation reserves based on applicable prescribed or approved regulations,
or in the case of our Delaware subsidiary, based on a permitted practice.  This
practice did not have a material impact on our statutory surplus, statutory net
income (loss) or risk-based capital. 

 The NAIC Model Regulation “Valuation of Life
Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires U.S. life insurers to establish
additional statutory reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term
premium guarantees and universal life policies with secondary guarantees
(ULSGs). In addition,  NAIC  Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX)
clarifies the application of Regulation XXX as to these guarantees, including
certain ULSGs.  

 Domestic life insurance subsidiaries manage the capital
impact of  statutory reserve
requirements  under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX  through unaffiliated and  affiliated   reinsurance transactions. The affiliated life
insurers providing reinsurance capacity for such transactions are fully
licensed insurance companies and are not formed under captive insurance laws.
One of these  affiliated   reinsurance arrangements,
under which certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to new
and in-force business were ceded to an affiliated U.S. life insurer, was
recaptured effective December 31, 2016 and these reserves were ceded to an unaffiliated
reinsurer. 

 Under the other intercompany reinsurance arrangement,
certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to a closed block of
in-force business are ceded to an affiliated off-shore life insurer, which is
licensed as a class E insurer under Bermuda law.  Bermuda law permits the
off-shore life insurer to record an asset that effectively reduces the
statutory reserves for the assumed reinsurance to the level that would be
required under U.S. GAAP. Letters of credit are used to support the credit for
reinsurance provided by the  affiliated
 off-shore life insurer.  

 For additional information regarding these letters of
credit see Note 8.   

 Subsidiary Dividend Restrictions 

 Payments of dividends to us by our insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. With
respect to our domestic insurance subsidiaries, the payment of any dividend
requires formal notice to the insurance department in which the particular
insurance subsidiary is domiciled. For example, unless permitted by the
Superintendent of Financial Services, property casualty companies domiciled in
New York generally may not pay dividends to shareholders that, in any 12‑month
period, exceed the lesser of 10 percent of such company’s statutory
policyholders’ surplus or 100 percent of its “adjusted net investment
income,” for the previous year, as defined. Generally, less severe restrictions
applicable to both property casualty and life insurance companies exist in most
of the other states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled. Under
the laws of many states, an insurer may pay a dividend without prior approval
of the insurance regulator when the amount of the dividend is below certain
regulatory thresholds. Other foreign jurisdictions may restrict the ability of
our foreign insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. Various other regulatory
restrictions also limit cash loans and advances to us by our subsidiaries. 

 Largely as a result of these restrictions, approximately $44.8
billion of the statutory capital and surplus of our consolidated insurance
subsidiaries were restricted from transfer to AIG Parent without prior
approval of state insurance regulators at December 31, 2017.  

 To our knowledge, no AIG insurance company is currently on
any regulatory or similar “watch list” with regard to solvency. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            277 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions   

   


 
 Parent
Company Dividend Restrictions 

 At December 31, 2017, our ability to pay dividends is not
subject to any significant contractual restrictions, but remains subject to
regulatory restrictions.  

 For additional information about our ability to pay
dividends to our shareholders see Note 17 herein. 








 

 20. Share-Based Compensation Plans  

 


 The following table presents our total share‑based compensation
expense: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - pre-tax * 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   353 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   365 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - after tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
 



 *    We
recognized $141 million, $105 million and $147 million for immediately vested
stock-settled awards issued to retirement eligible employees in 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. We also recognized $40 million of excess tax benefits due
to share settlements occurring in 2017. 

 Employee Plans 

 The Company
sponsors several Long Term Incentive (LTI) programs under the AIG 2013 Long
Term Incentive Plan and its successor plan, the AIG Long Term Incentive Plan
(each as applicable, the LTIP), which are governed by the AIG 2013 Omnibus
Incentive Plan (Omnibus Plan). The Omnibus Plan replaced the AIG 2010 Stock
Incentive Plan (2010 Plan) as of May 15, 2013 but does not affect the terms and
conditions of any award issued under the 2010 Plan.  The Omnibus Plan is
currently the only plan under which share-settled awards can be made.  Our
share-settled awards are settled with previously acquired shares held in AIG’s
treasury.  

 AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

 The
Omnibus Plan was adopted at the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
provides for the grants of share-based awards to our employees and non-employee
directors.  The total number of shares that may be granted under the Omnibus
Plan (the reserve) is the sum of 1) 45 million shares of AIG Common Stock, plus
2) the number of authorized shares that remained available for issuance under
the 2010 Plan when the Omnibus Plan became effective, plus 3) the number of
shares of AIG Common Stock relating to outstanding awards under the 2010 Plan
at the time the Omnibus Plan became effective that subsequently are forfeited,
expired, terminated or otherwise lapse or are settled in cash.  Each
share-based unit granted under the Omnibus Plan reduces the number of shares
available for future grants by one share.  However, shares with respect to
awards that are forfeited, expired or settled for cash, and shares withheld for
taxes on awards (other than options and stock appreciation rights awards) are
returned to the reserve.   

 During  2017 , performance  share units (PSUs), restricted stock units (RSUs), stock
options and deferred stock units (DSUs) (collectively, units) were granted
under the Omnibus Plan and 42,780,716 shares are available for future grants as
of December 31, 2017.  Units are issued to employees as part of our long-term
incentive program, generally in March of any given year, and are also issued
for off-cycle grants, which are made from time to time during the year
generally as sign-on awards to new hires or as a result of a change in employee
status. 

 AIG 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 

 The
2010 Plan was adopted at the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  The total
number of shares of AIG Common Stock that could be granted under the 2010 Plan
was 60 million.  During 2013, we granted PSUs, DSUs and RSUs under the 2010
Plan.  Each PSU, DSU and RSU awarded reduced the number of shares available for
future grants by one share.  Subsequent to the adoption of the Omnibus Plan in
May 2013, no additional grants were made under the 2010 Plan. 

 AIG Long Term Incentive Plan 

   

 LTI Awards 

 The
LTIP provides for an annual award to certain employees, including our senior
executive officers and other highly compensated employees. In 2017, each award
recipient was granted PSUs and/or RSUs, and in 2013 through 2016, each award
recipient was granted PSUs. 


 


 

 278                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based Compensation Plans   

   


 
 The number of PSUs issued on the grant date (the target)
provides the opportunity for the LTIP participant to receive shares of AIG
Common Stock based on AIG achieving specified performance goals at the end of a
three-year performance period.  These performance goals are pre-established by
AIG’s Compensation and Management Resources Committee (CMRC) for each annual
grant and may differ from year to year. The actual number of PSUs earned can
vary from zero to 200 percent of the target for the 2017 awards, or zero to 150
percent of the target for the 2013 through 2016 awards, depending on AIG’s
performance relative to a specified peer group. RSUs are earned based on
continued service by the participant. For the 2017 awards, vesting occurs on
January 1 of the year immediately following the end of the three-year
performance period. For awards granted prior to 2017, vesting occurs in three
equal installments beginning on January 1 of the year immediately following the
end of a performance period and January 1 of each of the next two years. 
Recipients must be employed at each vesting date to be entitled to share
delivery, except upon the occurrence of an accelerated vesting event, such as
an involuntary termination without cause, disability, retirement eligibility or
death during the vesting period.   

 LTI awards
granted in 2015 and thereafter accrue dividend equivalent units (DEUs) in the
form of additional PSUs and/or RSUs whenever a cash dividend is declared on
shares of AIG Common Stock; the DEUs are subject to the same vesting terms and
conditions as the underlying unit.   

 Unit Valuation 

 The
value of each award is based on the nature of the performance goals and the
price per unit is fixed as of the grant date. PSUs granted in 2017 and 2016 are
measured based on AIG’s relative total shareholder return (TSR). PSUs granted
in 2015 and 2014 are measured based on AIG’s relative TSR and credit default
swap (CDS) spread, weighted 75 percent and 25 percent, respectively. PSUs
granted in 2013 are measured based on AIG’s relative TSR and relative growth in
tangible book value per common share (TBVPS) (excluding accumulated other
comprehensive income) weighted 50 percent each.  

 The fair value
of RSUs as well as PSUs earned based on AIG’s CDS spreads and relative TBVPS
was based on the closing price of AIG Common Stock on the grant date. However,
PSUs granted in 2014 and 2013 that vest based on these goals were discounted by
the present value of estimated dividends to be paid during the respective
vesting periods as these awards do not accrue dividends or DEUs.  The fair
value of PSUs to be earned based on AIG’s relative TSR was determined on the
grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation. 

 The following table presents the assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of PSUs that vest based on AIG’s TSR: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expected dividend yield (a) 
   
  
   2.37 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.78 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected volatility (b) 
   
  
   17.58 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   24.55 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   22.71 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Risk-free interest rate (c) 
   
  
   2.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.30 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.01 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  The dividend
yield is the projected annualized AIG dividend yield estimated by Bloomberg
Professional service as of the valuation date. 

 (b)   The expected volatility is based on the historical
volatility of the stock price for the 360 most recent trading days prior to the
valuation date estimated by Bloomberg Professional service .  

 (c)  The
risk-free interest rate is the continuously compounded interest rate for the
term between the valuation date and the end of the performance period that is
assumed to be constant and equal to the interpolated value between the closest
data points on the U.S. dollar LIBOR-swap curve as of the valuation date . 

 Modification of LTI awards 

 During
the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company modified certain outstanding LTI awards
by concurrently issuing service-based RSUs and canceling some previously
granted PSUs.  The change applied to most recipients who participate in the
2015, 2016 and 2017 LTI awards, excluding certain of the Company’s most senior
executives.  In addition, the Company also issued supplemental RSU grants to
certain active employees, which vest in installments over a period of up to
three years.  We incurred incremental compensation expense of $142 million as a
result of these actions. We recognized $71 million in 2017 and the remainder
will be recognized through December 2020. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            279 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based Compensation Plans   

   


 
 The following
table summarizes outstanding share - settled LTI awards (a) : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  Average  
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year 
   
  
   Number
  of Units 
   
  
     
   
  
    Grant-Date
  Fair Value  
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 2017 (b) 
   
  
   2017
  LTI 
   
  
   2016
  LTI 
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
   2013
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  LTI 
   
  
   2016
  LTI 
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
   2013
  LTI 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, beginning of year 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,588,598 
   
  
   2,176,555 
   
  
   1,732,616 
   
  
   1,581,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51.12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55.52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.88 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38.03 
   
  
 
   
   Granted 
   
  
   3,996,978 
   
  
   2,806 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   122,378 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.83 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.49 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Vested (c) 
   
  
   (971,945) 
   
  
   (182,938) 
   
  
   (201,256) 
   
  
   (957,045) 
   
  
   (968,930) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.09 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.29 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.98 
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited 
   
  
   (84,987) 
   
  
   (138,263) 
   
  
   (121,456) 
   
  
   (74,638) 
   
  
   (36,764) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65.24 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.10 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.02 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.14 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, at modification date 
   
  
   2,940,046 
   
  
   2,270,203 
   
  
   1,853,843 
   
  
   823,311 
   
  
   576,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65.07 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50.37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55.17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.81 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38.04 
   
  
 
   
   Cancelled at modification date 
   
  
   (1,082,417) 
   
  
   (2,951,417) 
   
  
   (2,229,873) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67.47 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Granted at modification date 
   
  
   1,082,417 
   
  
   2,646,866 
   
  
   2,094,629 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Sub-total, net impact of modification 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (304,551) 
   
  
   (135,244) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Vested - post-modification (c) 
   
  
   (766,931) 
   
  
   (495,222) 
   
  
   (424,788) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   61.82 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited - post-modification 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (2,685) 
   
  
   (2,023) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, end of year (d) 
   
  
   2,173,115 
   
  
   1,467,745 
   
  
   1,291,788 
   
  
   823,311 
   
  
   576,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62.78 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.90 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.02 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.81 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38.04 
   
  
 



 (a)  Excludes
stock options and DSUs, which are discussed under Stock Options and
Non-Employee Plan, respectively. 

 (b)  Except
for the 2013 and 2014 LTI award, PSUs represent target amount granted, and does
not reflect potential increases or decreases that could result from the final
outcome of the performance goals for the respective awards, which is determined
in the quarter after the applicable performance period ends.  

 (c) 
Also reflects units that vest as a result of an accelerated vesting event that
occurred prior to the specified vesting date. 

 (d) 
At December 31, 2017, the total unrecognized compensation cost for outstanding
LTI awards was $237 million and the weighted-average and expected period
of years over which that cost is expected to be recognized are 1.02 years and
3 years.    

 Stock Option Awards 

 The
Company issued 2.5 million stock options to two senior executives who joined
the Company in 2017. The options vest in installments based on a combination of
service requirements of up to three years and/or AIG stock price achieving
specified hurdles, and will expire in 2024. The fair value of the options were
estimated on the grant date using the Black Scholes model for the time-vesting options,
and a Monte Carlo simulation for the hurdle-vesting options using the
assumptions noted in the following table.  

 The following weighted-average assumptions were used for stock options
granted : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expected annual dividend yield (a) 
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected volatility (b) 
   
  
   20.96 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Risk-free interest rate (c) 
   
  
   1.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected term (d) 
   
  
   4.5 
   
  
   years 
   
  
 



 (a)            The
dividend yield is based on the current quarterly dividend payment of $0.32 and
the Valuation Date stock price.  

 (b)            The expected volatility
is the 1080-day implied volatility as seen in the open marketplace on the
Valuation Date. 

 (c)            The risk-free interest
rate range is 1.76 percent to 2.14 percent. 

 (d)            The contractual term of
the option is 7 years from the grant date. 

 The following table provides a rollforward of stock option
activity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  Average  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Aggregate 
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  Average  
   
  
     
   
  
   Remaining 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Intrinsic
  Values 
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
   Units 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise
  Price 
   
  
   Contractual
  Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding, beginning of year 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Granted 
   
  
   2,500,000 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62.90 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exercised 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited or expired 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding, end of year 
   
  
   2,500,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62.90 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.48 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Exercisable, end of year 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 280                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based Compensation Plans   

   


 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted
during 2017 was $10.54.  As of December 31, 2017, we recognized $7.3 million of
expense, while $19 million was unrecognized and is expected to be amortized up
to 2.75 years.  

 Non-Employee Plan 

 Our non-employee
directors, who serve on our Board of Directors, receive share-based
compensation in the form of fully vested DSUs with delivery deferred until
retirement from the Board.  DSUs granted in 2017, 2016 and 2015 accrue DEUs
equal to the amount of any regular quarterly dividend that would have been paid
by AIG if the shares of AIG Common Stock underlying the DSUs had been
outstanding.  In 2017, 2016 and 2015, we granted to non-employee directors
32,067, 41,974 and 32,342 DSUs, respectively, under the 2013 Plan, and
recognized expense of $2.0 million, $2.4 million and $1.9 million,
respectively. 



 
  



 

 21. Employee Benefits  

 


 Pension Plans 

 We offer various
defined benefit plans to eligible employees. 

 The U.S. AIG
Retirement Plan (the qualified plan) is a noncontributory defined benefit plan
that is subject to the provisions of ERISA. U.S. salaried employees who are
employed by a participating company on or before December 1, 2014 and who have
completed 12 months of continuous service are eligible to participate in
the plan. Effective April 1, 2012, the qualified plan was converted to a cash
balance formula comprised of pay credits based on six percent of a plan
participant’s annual compensation (subject to IRS limitations) and annual
interest credits. Employees can take their vested benefits when they leave AIG
as a lump sum or an annuity option after completing at least three years of
service.  Employees satisfying certain age and service requirements (i.e.,
grandfathered employees) remain covered under the average pay formula that was
in effect prior to the conversion to the cash balance formula.  The final
average pay formula is based upon a percentage of final average compensation
multiplied by years of credited service, up to 44 years.  Grandfathered
employees will receive the higher of the benefit under the cash balance formula
or the final average pay formula at retirement.  Non-U.S. defined benefit plans
generally are either based on the employee’s years of credited service and
compensation in the years preceding retirement or on points accumulated based
on the employee’s job grade and other factors during each year of service. 

 In the U.S. we
also sponsor non-qualified unfunded defined benefit plans, such as the AIG
Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (AIG NQRIP) for certain employees,
including key executives, designed to supplement pension benefits provided by
the qualified plan.  The AIG NQRIP provides a benefit equal to the
reduction in benefits under the qualified plan as a result of federal tax
limitations on compensation and benefits payable.  

 Plan Freeze 

 Effective
January 1, 2016, the U.S. defined benefit pension plans were frozen.
Consequently, these plans are closed to new participants and current
participants no longer earn benefits. However, interest credits continue to
accrue on the existing cash balance accounts and participants are continuing to
accrue years of service for purposes of vesting and early retirement
eligibility and subsidies as they continue to be employed by AIG. 

 Postretirement Plans 

 We also provide
postretirement medical care and life insurance benefits in the U.S. and in
certain non-U.S. countries. Eligibility in the various plans generally is based
upon completion of a specified period of eligible service and attaining a
specified age. Overseas, benefits vary by geographic location. 

 U.S.
postretirement medical and life insurance benefits are based upon the employee
attaining the age of 55 and having a minimum of ten years of service. Eligible
employees who have medical coverage can enroll in retiree medical upon
termination of employment. Medical benefits are contributory, while the life
insurance benefits generally are non-contributory. Retiree medical
contributions vary from none for pre-1989 retirees to actual premium payments
reduced by certain subsidies for post-1992 retirees. These contributions are
subject to adjustment annually. Other cost sharing features of the medical plan
include deductibles, coinsurance and Medicare coordination. Effective
April 1, 2012, the retiree medical employer subsidy for the AIG
postretirement plan was eliminated for employees who were not grandfathered.  
Additionally, new employees hired after December 31, 2012 are not eligible for
retiree life insurance. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            281 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 The following table presents the funded
status of the plans reconciled to the amount reported in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. The measurement date for most of the non-U.S. defined benefit
pension and postretirement plans is November 30, consistent with the
fiscal year end of the sponsoring companies. For all other plans, measurement
occurs as of December 31. 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years Ended 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans
   
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Benefit obligation, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,146 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   372 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (332) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Plan amendment 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (226) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fair value of plan assets, beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   803 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Actual return on plan assets, net of expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIG contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (332) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (226) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   875 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   803 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Funded status, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (741) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (327) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (443) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recognized in the balance  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (741) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,105) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (395) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (741) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (327) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (443) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax amounts recognized in Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,373) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (251) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service (cost) credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,373) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
non-qualified unfunded plans of which the aggregate projected benefit
obligation was $272 million and $278 million for the U.S. at December 31,
2017 and 2016, respectively, and $211 million and $199 million for the non-U.S
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 
 


 

 282                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 The following table presents the accumulated
benefit obligations for U.S. and non-U.S. pension benefit plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,188 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
 



 Defined benefit plan obligations in which the projected benefit
obligation was in excess of the related plan assets and the accumulated benefit
obligation was in excess of the related plan assets were as follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   PBO
  Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
   ABO
  Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans
   
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,121 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   991 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,029 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   979 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   979 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   545 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
 



 The following table presents the components of net periodic benefit cost
with respect to pensions and other postretirement benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Components of net periodic benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   cost: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Service cost * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (292) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (295) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of net (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailment gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (179) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlement loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net benefit cost (credit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (101) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in net periodic benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    cost and other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 



 *   Reflects
administrative fees for the U.S. pension plans. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                              283   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 The estimated net loss and prior service cost that will be
amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit
cost over the next fiscal year are $35 million and $2 million,
respectively, for our combined defined benefit pension plans. For the defined
benefit postretirement plans, the estimated amortization from Accumulated other
comprehensive income for net loss and prior service credit that will be
amortized into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is a $3 million
credit in the aggregate. 

 As of 2016,
interest cost for pension and postretirement benefits for our U.S. plans and
largest non-U.S. plans is measured by applying the specific spot rates along
the yield curve to the plans’ corresponding discounted cash flows that comprise
the obligation (the Spot Rate Approach). This method provides a more precise
measurement of interest cost by aligning the timing of the plans’ discounted
cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve .     Previously, interest cost was measured utilizing a single
weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the
benefit obligations. 

 A 100 basis
point increase in the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would
decrease the 2018 pension expense by approximately $4 million and $51 million,
respectively, with all other items remaining the same. Conversely, a 100 basis
point decrease in the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would
increase the 2018 pension expense by approximately $23 million and $51 million,
respectively, with all other items remaining the same.    

 Assumptions 

 The following table summarizes the weighted average assumptions
used to determine the benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   3.61 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3.53 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.59 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   4.14 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.02 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.95 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.38 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 (a)  The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of each of the subsidiaries providing such
benefits. 

 (b)  Compensation
increases are no longer applicable due to the plan freeze that became effective
January 1, 2016. 

 The following table summarizes assumed health care cost trend
rates for the U.S. plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Following year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   6.12% 
   
  
   6.31% 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   5.00% 
   
  
   5.00% 
   
  
 
   
   Ultimate rate to which cost increase is assumed to decline 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
 
   
   Year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
 



 A one percent point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate
would have the following effect on our postretirement benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   One
  Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
   One
  Percent 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   Increase
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Decrease
   
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 



 Our
postretirement plans provide benefits primarily in the form of defined employer
contributions rather than defined employer benefits. Changes in the assumed
healthcare cost trend rate have a minimal impact for U.S. plans because for
post-1992 retirees, benefits are fixed dollar amounts based on service at
retirement. Our non-U.S. postretirement plans are not subject to caps. 


 


 

 284                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 The following
table presents the weighted average assumptions used to determine the net
periodic benefit costs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.15 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.01 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.95 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.38 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.92 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.09 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.64 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.43 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.28 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   3.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.04 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.40 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.29 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 

 Discount Rate Methodology 

 The
projected benefit cash flows under the U.S. AIG Retirement Plan were discounted
using the spot rates derived from the Mercer U.S. Pension Discount Yield Curve
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, which resulted in a single discount rate that
would produce the same liability at the respective measurement dates. The
discount rates were 3.61 percent at December 31, 2017 and 4.15 percent at
December 31, 2016. The methodology was consistently applied for the respective
years in determining the discount rates for the other U.S. pension plans. 

 In general, the
discount rates for the non-U.S. plans were developed using a similar
methodology to the U.S. AIG Retirement plan, by using country-specific Mercer
Yield Curves. 

 The projected
benefit obligation for AIG’s Japan pension plans represents approximately 50
percent and 54 percent of the total projected benefit obligations for our
non-U.S. pension plans at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. The weighted average discount rate of 0.66
percent and 0.47 percent at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, was
selected by reference to the Mercer Yield Curve for Japan. 

 Plan Assets 

 The
investment strategy with respect to assets relating to our U.S. and non-U.S.
pension plans is designed to achieve investment returns that will provide
for the benefit obligations of the plans over the long term, limit the
risk of short-term funding shortfalls and maintain liquidity sufficient to
address cash needs. Accordingly, the asset allocation strategy is designed to
maximize the investment rate of return while managing various risk factors,
including, but not limited to, volatility relative to the benefit obligations,
liquidity, diversification and concentration, and incorporates the risk/return
profile applicable to each asset class.   

 There were no
shares of AIG Common Stock included in the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans
assets at December 31, 2017 or 2016. 

 U.S. Pension Plan 

 The
assets of the qualified plan are monitored by the AIG U.S. Investment Committee
and actively managed by the investment managers, which involves allocating the
plan’s assets among approved asset classes within ranges as permitted by the
strategic allocation. The long-term strategic asset allocation historically has
been reviewed and revised approximately every three years. Beginning in 2016,
the investment strategy focus is on de-risking the Plan via regular
monitoring.  This was implemented through liability driven investing and
the adoption of the glide path approach, where the glide path defines the
target allocation for the “Return-Seeking” portion of the portfolio (i.e.,
growth assets) based on the funded ratio. Under this approach, the allocation
to growth assets is reduced and the allocation to liability-hedging assets is
increased as the Plan’s funded ratio increases in accordance with the defined
glide path. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                              285   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 The following
table presents the asset allocation percentage by major asset class for the
U.S. qualified plan and the target allocation for 2017 based on the plan’s
funded status at December 31,  2017 : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 The expected
long-term rate of return for the plan was 7.0 percent for both 2017 and 2016.
The expected rate of return is an aggregation of expected returns within each
asset class category, weighted for the investment mix of the assets. The
combination of the expected asset return and any contributions made by us are
expected to maintain the plan’s ability to meet all required benefit
obligations. The expected asset return for each asset class was developed based
on an approach that considers key fundamental drivers of the asset class
returns in addition to historical returns, current market conditions, asset
volatility and the expectations for future market returns.  

 Non-U.S. Pension Plans 

 The
assets of the non-U.S. pension plans are held in various trusts in multiple
countries and are invested primarily in equities and fixed maturity securities
to maximize the long-term return on assets for a given level of risk. 

 The following table presents the asset allocation percentage by
major asset class for non-U.S. pension plans and the target allocation: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 The assets
of AIG’s Japan pension plans represent approximately 56 percent of total
non-U.S. assets at December 31 for both 2017 and 2016. The expected long term
rate of return was 2.43 percent and 2.61 percent, for 2017 and 2016,
respectively, and is evaluated by the Japanese Pension Investment Committee on
a quarterly and annual basis along with various investment managers, and is
revised to achieve the optimal allocation to meet targeted funding levels if
necessary. In addition, the funding policy is revised in accordance with local
regulation every five years. 

 The expected
weighted average long-term rate of return for all our non-U.S. pension plans
was 2.92 percent and 3.28 percent for the years ended December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively. It is an aggregation of expected returns within each
asset class that was generally developed based on the building block approach
that considers historical returns, current market conditions, asset volatility
and the expectations for future market returns.  


 


 

 286                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 Assets Measured
at Fair Value    

 The following table presents information about our plan assets and
indicates the level of the fair value measurement based on the observability of
the inputs used.  The inputs and methodology used in determining the fair value
of these assets are consistent with those used to measure our assets as
discussed in Note 5 herein. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,006 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. and international high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Mortgage and other asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other investment types (g) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Direct private equity (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,584 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,573 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   874 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   838 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. and international high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Mortgage and other asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other investment types (g) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Direct private equity (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,443 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,414 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   347 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   803 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
passive and active U.S. Large Cap and Small Cap strategies, as well as mutual
funds, and exchange traded funds. 

 (b)  Includes
investments in companies in emerging and developed markets. 

 (c)  Represents
investments in U.S. and non-U.S. government issued bonds, U.S. government
agency or sponsored agency bonds, and investment grade corporate bonds. 

 (d)  Consists
primarily of investments in securities or debt obligations that have a rating
below investment grade. 

 (e)  Comprised
primarily of investments in U.S. asset backed securities and collateralized
loan obligations. 

 (f)  Comprised
of private capital financing including private debt and private equity
securities. 

 (g)  Excludes
investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its
equivalent), which totaled $777 million and $960 million at December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively. 

 The
inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily an
indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. Based on
our investment strategy, we had no significant concentrations of risks at
December 31, 2017. 

 The U.S. pension
plan holds a group annuity contract with U.S. Life, one of our subsidiaries,
which totaled $20 million and $21 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                              287   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

 The following table presents changes in our U.S. and non-U.S.
Level 3 plan assets measured at fair value: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Direct private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End
  of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Direct private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets  

 Our
policy is to record transfers of assets between Level 1 and Level 2
at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period, consistent with
the date of the determination of fair value. Assets are transferred out of
Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with sufficient frequency and
volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are transferred from
Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and frequency are
indicative of an active market. We had no material transfers between
Level 1 and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2017 and
2016. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 We
record transfers of assets into or out of Level 3 at their fair values as of
the end of each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination
of fair value.  During the year ended December 31, 2017, we had no transfers in
or out of Level 3. 

 Expected Cash Flows 

 Funding for the qualified
plan ranges from the minimum amount required by ERISA to the maximum amount
that would be deductible for U.S. tax purposes. Contributed amounts in excess
of the minimum amounts are deemed voluntary. Amounts in excess of the maximum
amount would be subject to an excise tax and may not be deductible under the
Internal Revenue Code. There are no minimum required cash contributions in 2018
for the AIG Retirement Plan. The non-qualified and postretirement plans’ benefit
payments are deductible when paid to participants. 

 Our annual
pension contribution in 2018 is expected to be approximately $64 million
for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. This estimate is subject to change,
since contribution decisions are affected by various factors including our
liquidity, market performance and management’s discretion. 


 


 

 288                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits   

   


 
 The expected future benefit payments, net of
participants’ contributions, with respect to the defined benefit pension plans
and other postretirement benefit plans, are as follows: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   291 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2023-2027 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 



 Defined Contribution Plans 

 We
sponsor several defined contribution plans for U.S. employees that provide for
pre-tax salary reduction contributions by employees. The most significant plan
is the AIG Incentive Savings Plan, for which the matching contribution is 100
percent of the first six percent of a participant’s contributions, subject to
the IRS-imposed limitations. Effective January 1, 2016, participants in the AIG
Incentive Savings Plan receive an additional fully vested, non-elective,
non-discretionary contribution equal to three percent of the participant’s
annual base compensation for the plan year, paid each pay period regardless of
whether the participant currently contributes to the plan, and subject to the
IRS-imposed limitations.   Our pre-tax expenses associated with
these plans were $209 million, $236 million and $166 million in 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 



 
  



 

 22. Ownership 

 


 A Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2018 reports
aggregate ownership of 57,556,990 shares, or approximately 6.4 percent (based
on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG Common Stock as of December 31,
2017, by Capital Research Global Investors, a division of Capital Research and
Management Company. 

 A Schedule 13G/A
filed on February 12, 2018 reports aggregate ownership of 61,323,039 shares, or
approximately 6.8 percent (based on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG
Common Stock as of December 31, 2017, by The Vanguard Group, Inc. and various
subsidiaries thereof.   

 A Schedule 13G/A
filed on February 8, 2018 reports aggregate ownership of 64,406,363 shares, or
approximately 7.2 percent (based on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG
Common Stock as of December 31, 2017, by Blackrock, Inc. and various
subsidiaries thereof.   

 The calculation
of ownership interest for purposes of the AIG Tax Asset Protection Plan and
Article 13 of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation is different than
beneficial ownership for Schedule 13G. 



 
  



 

 23. Income Taxes 

 


 U.S. Tax Reform Overview 

 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted Public Law 115-97,
known informally as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act).  The Tax Act
reduces the statutory rate of U.S. federal corporate income tax to 21 percent
and enacts numerous other changes impacting AIG and the insurance industry.   

 Changes specific to the insurance industry include the
calculation of insurance tax reserves and related transition adjustments,
amortization of specified policy acquisition expenses, treatment of separate
account dividends received deductions, and computation of pro-ration adjustments. 
Provisions of the Tax Act with broader application include reductions or
elimination of deductions for certain items, e.g., reductions to corporate
dividends received deductions, disallowance of entertainment expenses, and
limitations on the deduction of certain executive compensation costs.  These
provisions, generally, will result in an increase in AIG’s taxable income in
the years beginning after December 31, 2017.     


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                              289   

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 The SEC staff issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (SAB 118), which provides guidance on accounting
for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 addresses situations where
accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act under ASC 740 may be
incomplete upon issuance of an entity’s financial statements and provides a
one-year measurement period from the enactment date to complete the accounting
under ASC 740. In accordance with SAB 118, a company must reflect the
following: 

 •       Income
tax effects of those aspects of the Tax Act for which accounting under ASC 740
is complete 

 •       Provisional
estimate of income tax effects of the Tax Act to the extent accounting is
incomplete but a reasonable estimate is determinable    

 •       If
a provisional estimate cannot be determined, ASC 740 should still be applied on
the basis of tax law provisions that were in effect immediately before the
enactment of the Tax Act. 

 Consistent with current income tax accounting
requirements, we have remeasured our deferred tax assets and liabilities with
reference to the statutory income tax rate of 21 percent and taking into
consideration other provisions of the Tax Act.  As of December 31, 2017, we had
not fully completed our accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act.  Our
provision for income taxes for the period ended December 31, 2017, is based in
part on a reasonable estimate of the effects on existing deferred tax balances
and of certain provisions of the Tax Act.  To the extent a reasonable estimate
of the impact of certain provisions was determinable, we recorded provisional
estimates as a component of our provision for income taxes on continuing
operations.  To the extent a reasonable estimate of the impact of certain
provisions was not determinable, we have not recorded any adjustments and have continued
accounting for them in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of the tax laws in
effect before enactment of the Tax Act.  

 The Tax Act includes provisions for Global Intangible
Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) under which taxes on foreign income are imposed on the
excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of certain foreign subsidiaries
and for Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT) under which taxes are imposed on
certain base eroding payment to affiliated foreign companies.  Consistent with
accounting guidance, we will treat BEAT as an in period tax charge when
incurred in future periods for which no deferred taxes need to be provided and have
made an accounting policy election to treat GILTI taxes in a similar manner. 
Accordingly, no provision for income taxes related to GILTI or BEAT was
recorded as of December 31, 2017. 

 For the period ended December 31, 2017, we recognized a
provisional estimate of income tax effects of the Tax Act of $6.7 billion,
including a tax charge of $6.7 billion attributable to the reduction in the
U.S. corporate income tax rate and tax benefit of $38 million related to the
deemed repatriation tax.  

 Tax effects for which a reasonable estimate can be
determined   

 Deemed Repatriation Tax 

 The Tax Act requires companies to pay a one-time
transition tax, net of tax credits related to applicable foreign taxes paid, on
previously untaxed current and accumulated earnings and profits (E&P) of
certain of our foreign subsidiaries.  In the determination of the deemed
repatriation tax, we reviewed estimated post-1986 E&P of certain material relevant
foreign subsidiaries, and any related non-U.S. income tax paid on such
earnings. Based on this analysis, we were able to determine a reasonable
estimate and we have recorded a provisional estimate tax benefit of $38
million. While the IRS has issued some guidance on the calculation of the
deemed repatriation tax, there are still certain aspects of the calculation
that require further clarification. We are continuing to gather additional
information to more precisely compute the amount of deemed repatriation tax.   


 


 

 290                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 Other
Provisions 

 The Tax Act modified computations of insurance
reserves for both life and general insurance companies.  For life insurance
companies, tax reserves are now computed with reference to NAIC reserves.  For
general insurance companies, the Tax Act extends the discount period for
certain long-tail lines of business from 10 years to 24 years and increases the
discount rate, replacing the applicable federal rate for a higher-yield corporate
bond rate, and eliminates the election allowing companies to use their
historical loss payment patterns for loss reserve discounting.  Adjustments
related to the differences in insurance reserves balances computed under the
old tax law versus the Tax Act have to be taken into income over eight years by
both life and general insurance companies.  Accordingly, at December 31, 2017,
these changes give rise to new deferred tax liabilities.  We have recorded a provisional
estimate of $1.9 billion with respect to such deferred tax liabilities. This
increase in deferred tax liabilities is offset by an increase in the deferred
tax asset related to insurance reserves as a result of applying the new
provisions of the Tax Act. 

 Provisions Impacting Projections of Taxable Income and
Valuation Allowance Considerations  

 Certain provisions of the Tax Act impact our
projections of future taxable income used in analyzing realizability of our
U.S. tax attribute deferred tax asset.  As discussed above, there are specific
insurance industry provisions, including changes in computations of insurance
reserves, amortization of specified policy acquisition expenses, and treatment
of separate account dividends received deduction. Provisional estimates have
been included in our future taxable income projections for these insurance
industry specific provisions to reflect application of the new tax law.  

 Because we have made provisional estimates related to the
impact of certain aspects of the Tax Act on our future taxable income, corresponding
determination of the need for a valuation allowance is also provisional. 
Generally, the Tax Act provisions result in an increase in our taxable income
and, thus, accelerate utilization of our tax attribute deferred tax asset. 
Accordingly, we do not currently anticipate that our reliance on provisional
estimates would have a material impact on our determination of the
realizability of our deferred tax assets.  

 Tax effects for which no estimate can be determined 

 Our accounting for the following elements of the Tax Act is
incomplete and we continued accounting for them in accordance with ASC 740 on
the basis of the tax laws in effect before enactment of the Tax Act.  

 The Tax Act may affect the results in certain investments
and partnerships in which we are a non-controlling interest owner. The
information needed to determine a provisional estimate is not currently
available (such as for interest deduction limitations in those entities and the
changed definition of a U.S. Shareholder). Accordingly, no provisional
estimates were recorded.   

 Due to minimal formal guidance issued from state and local
jurisdictions, provisional estimates have not been recorded for the impact of
any state and local corporate income tax implications of the Tax Act.
 Guidance from state and local jurisdictions is expected during 2018 and
the impact, if any, will be recorded at the appropriate time.    

 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE 

 The following table
presents income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense
(benefit) by U.S. and foreign location in which such pre-tax income (loss) was
earned or incurred : 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,940 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,041 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,950 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (474) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            291 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 The following table presents the income tax
expense (benefit) attributable to pre-tax income (loss) from continuing
operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign and U.S. components of actual income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   209 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   436 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   391 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
 
   
      U.S.: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   429 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
 



 Our actual income tax (benefit) expense differs from the statutory U.S.
federal amount computed by applying the federal income tax rate due to the
following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. federal income tax at statutory 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   rate 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tax exempt interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   111.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Uncertain tax positions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   660 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   (168.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reclassifications from accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions of Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tax Attribute Restoration 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
     
   
  
   103.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-controlling Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-deductible transfer pricing  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends received deduction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of foreign operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   payments excess tax deduction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   453.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated total amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   510.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   (119.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   513.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 292                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 For
the year ended December 31, 2017, the effective tax rate on income from
continuing operations was not meaningful.  The
effective tax rate differs from the 2017 statutory tax rate of 35 percent
primarily due to tax charges of $ 6.7 b illion associated with the enactment of the Tax Act
discussed above, $ 660  million of tax charges and related interest associated with
increases in uncertain tax positions primarily related to cross border
financing transactions and other open tax issues, $ 69  million associated with
the effect of foreign operations,  and  $ 35  million of non-deductible transfer pricing charges,  partially offset by tax benefits of $ 201  million of tax exempt
income, $ 184  million
of reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from
continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities,
 and  $ 40 million of  excess tax
deductions related to share based compensation payments recorded through the
income statement in accordance with relevant accounting literature.  Effect of foreign operations is primarily related to
losses incurred in our European operations taxed at a statutory tax rate lower
than 35 percent and other foreign taxes.  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2016, the effective tax rate on loss from continuing
operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate on loss from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax charges of $234 million associated with effect of foreign operations, $216
million of tax charges and related interest associated with increases in
uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing transactions, $118
million related to disposition of subsidiaries, $102 million related to
non-deductible transfer pricing charges, and $83 million related to increases
in the deferred tax asset valuation allowances associated with U.S. federal and
certain foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by tax benefits of $253 million
of tax exempt income, $164 million associated with a portion of the U.S. Life Insurance
companies capital loss carryforwards previously treated as expired that was
restored and utilized, $116 million related to the impact of an agreement
reached with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to certain tax issues
under audit, and $132 million of reclassifications from accumulated other
comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the
disposal of available for sale securities. Effect of foreign operations is
primarily related to foreign exchange losses incurred by our foreign
subsidiaries related to the weakening of the British pound following the Brexit
vote taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35 percent. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2015, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 32.3 percent. The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $195 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $127
million related to reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive
income to income from continuing operations related to the disposal of available
for sale securities, $58 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations, and $109 million related to the partial completion of the IRS 
examination covering tax year 2006, partially offset by $324 million of tax
charges and related interest associated with increases in uncertain tax
positions related to cross border financing transactions, and $110 million
related to increases in the deferred tax asset valuation allowances associated
with certain foreign jurisdictions.   

 As a
result of the Tax Act, the majority of accumulated foreign earnings that were
previously untaxed will become subject to a one-time deemed repatriation tax.
Going forward, certain foreign earnings of our foreign affiliates will be
exempt from U.S. tax upon repatriation. Notwithstanding the changes, U.S. tax
on foreign exchange gain or loss and certain non-U.S. withholding taxes will
continue to be applicable upon future repatriations of foreign earnings.  

 For the year ended December 31, 2017, our
repatriation assumptions with respect to certain operations in Canada, South
Africa, as well as European and Asia Pacific regions remain unchanged and
related foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested.  Due to a change in
the legal entity ownership through a contribution of certain affiliates to AIG
International Holdings GmbH, our repatriation assumptions related to certain
operations in the Far East, Latin America, Bermuda and Middle East region have
changed and related foreign earnings are now considered to be indefinitely
reinvested. These earnings relate to ongoing operations and have been
reinvested in active business operations. Deferred taxes have been provided on
earnings of non-U.S. affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested.    

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            293 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 The following table presents the components
of the net deferred tax assets (liabilities): 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Losses and tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,448 
   
  
 
   
      Basis differences on investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,985 
   
  
 
   
      Life policy reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,040 
   
  
 
   
      Accruals not currently deductible, and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in foreign subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
      Loss reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   526 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 
   
      Loan loss and other reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
      Unearned premium reserve reduction 
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
     
   
  
   924 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed assets and intangible assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   442 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   710 
   
  
 
   
      Employee benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,177 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,790) 
   
  
 
   
      Unrealized gains related to available for sale debt
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,844) 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,634) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,543 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,831) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,813 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,712 
   
  
 



 The following table presents our U.S. consolidated income tax group tax
losses and credits carryforwards as of December 31, 2017. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effected 
   
  
     
   
  
   Periods 
   
  
 
   
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,592 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   2028-2037 
   
  
 
   
   Capital loss carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018-2022 
   
  
 
   
   Other carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses and
  credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a tax return basis 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,173 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrecognized tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,543) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses and
  credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a U.S. GAAP basis * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,630 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 *    Includes
other carryforwards, e.g. general business credits, of $118 million on a U.S.
GAAP basis. 

 We
have U.S. federal consolidated net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
of approximately $10.6 billion. The carryforward periods for our foreign tax
credits begin to expire in 2019. As detailed in the Assessment of Deferred Tax
Asset Valuation Allowance section of this footnote, we determined that it is
more likely than not that our U.S. federal consolidated tax attribute
carryforwards will be realized prior to their expiration. 

 Assessment of Deferred Tax Asset
Valuation Allowance 

 The evaluation of the recoverability of our
deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh
all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely
than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be
realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to
which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists,
the more positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support
a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed. 


 


 

 294                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 Our framework for assessing the recoverability of the
deferred tax asset requires us to consider all available evidence, including: 

 •       the
nature, frequency, and amount of cumulative financial reporting income and
losses in recent years; 

 •       the
sustainability of recent operating profitability of our subsidiaries; 

 •       the
predictability of future operating profitability of the character necessary to
realize the net deferred tax asset; 

 •       the
carryforward period for the net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax
credit carryforwards, including the effect of reversing taxable temporary
differences; and 

 •       prudent
and feasible actions and tax planning strategies that would be implemented, if
necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset. 

 In performing our assessment of the
recoverability of the deferred tax asset under this framework, we consider tax
laws governing the utilization of the net operating loss, capital loss and
foreign tax credit carryforwards in each applicable jurisdiction.  Under
U.S. tax law, a company generally must use its net operating loss carryforwards
before it can use its foreign tax credit carryforwards, even though the carryforward
period for the foreign tax credit is shorter than for the net operating
loss.  Our U.S. federal consolidated income tax group includes both life
companies and non-life companies.  While the U.S. taxable income of our
non-life companies can be offset by the net operating loss carryforwards, only
a portion (no more than 35 percent) of the U.S. taxable income of our life
companies can be offset by those net operating loss carryforwards.  The
remaining tax liability of our life companies can be offset by the foreign tax
credit carryforwards.  Accordingly, we utilize both the net operating loss
and foreign tax credit carryforwards concurrently which enables us to realize
our tax attributes prior to expiration. As of December 31, 2017, based on all
available evidence, it is more likely than not that the U.S. net operating loss
and foreign tax credit carryforwards will be utilized prior to expiration and,
thus, no valuation allowance has been established. 

 Estimates of future taxable income, including income generated
from prudent and feasible actions and tax planning strategies could change in
the near term, perhaps materially, which may require us to consider any
potential impact to our assessment of the recoverability of the deferred tax
asset. Such potential impact could be material to our consolidated financial
condition or results of operations for an individual reporting period. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2017, recent changes in market conditions,
including interest rate fluctuations, impacted the unrealized tax gains and
losses in the U.S. life insurance companies’ available for sale securities
portfolio, resulting in a deferred tax liability related to net unrealized tax
capital gains. As of June 30, 2017, based on all available evidence, we
concluded that the valuation allowance should be released. As a result, for the
six-month period ended June 30, 2017, we released $468 million of valuation
allowance associated with the unrealized tax losses in the U.S. life insurance
companies’ available for sale securities portfolio, all of which was allocated
to other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2017, we continue to be in an
overall unrealized tax gain position with respect to the U.S. life insurance
companies’ available for sale securities portfolio and thus concluded no
valuation allowance is necessary in the U.S. life insurance companies’
available for sale securities portfolio. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2017, recent changes in
market conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, impacted the
unrealized tax gains and losses in the U.S. non-life companies’ available for
sale securities portfolio, resulting in a deferred tax liability related to net
unrealized tax capital gains. As of June 30, 2017, based on all available
evidence, we concluded that the valuation allowance should be released. As a
result, for the six-month period ended June 30, 2017, we released $260 million
of valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax losses in the U.S. non-life
companies’ available for sale securities portfolio, all of which was allocated
to other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2017, we continue to be in an
overall unrealized tax gain position with respect to the U.S. non-life companies’
available for sale securities portfolio and thus concluded no valuation
allowance is necessary in the U.S. non-life companies’ available for sale
securities portfolio.  

 During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recognized a net
increase of $43 million in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance associated
with certain foreign jurisdictions, primarily attributable to current year
activity. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recognized
a $26 million decrease in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance associated
with certain state jurisdictions, primarily as a result of the beneficial
impact of tax law changes enacted in the third quarter of 2017. We also
recognized a $634 million decrease in our deferred tax asset valuation
allowance associated with certain state jurisdictions, primarily attributable
to a corresponding reduction in state and local deferred tax assets. 


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            295 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 The
following table presents the net deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December
31, 2017 and 2016 on a U.S. GAAP basis: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Net U.S. consolidated return group deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,603 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,134 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in accumulated other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,070) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,384) 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (874) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,876 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,413 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,288) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,957) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   586 
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal - Net U.S., foreign, state and local deferred tax
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,033 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,332 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (220) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (620) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,813 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,712 
   
  
 



 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance of U.S. Consolidated FEDERAL Income
Tax Group 

 At December 31,
2017 and 2016, our U.S. consolidated income tax group had net deferred tax
assets after valuation allowance of $13.4 billion and $20.9 billion,
respectively. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, our U.S. consolidated income tax
group had valuation allowances of $86 million and $874 million, respectively.  

 Deferred Tax ASSET — Foreign, State and Local 

 At December 31,
2017 and 2016, we had net deferred tax assets (liabilities) of $366 million and
$(164) million, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries, state and local
tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic subsidiaries that file separate tax
returns. 

 At December 31,
2017 and 2016, we had deferred tax asset valuation allowances of $1.3 billion
and $2.0 billion, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries, state and
local tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic subsidiaries that file separate
tax returns. We maintained these valuation allowances following our conclusion
that we could not demonstrate that it was more likely than not that the related
deferred tax assets will be realized.  This was primarily due to factors such
as cumulative losses in recent years and the inability to demonstrate profits
within the specific jurisdictions over the relevant carryforward periods.  

 Tax Examinations and Litigation 

 We file a
consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with our eligible U.S. subsidiaries.
Income earned by subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. is taxed, and income
tax expense is recorded, based on applicable U.S. and foreign law. 

 The statute of
limitations for all tax years prior to 2000 has expired for our consolidated
federal income tax return. We are currently under examination for the tax years
2000 through 2010. 

 On
March 20, 2008, we received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency (Notice) from
the IRS for years 1997 to 1999. The Notice asserted that we owe additional
taxes and penalties for these years primarily due to the disallowance of
foreign tax credits associated with cross-border financing transactions. The
transactions that are the subject of the Notice extend beyond the period covered
by the Notice, and the IRS has administratively challenged the later periods.
The IRS has also administratively challenged other cross-border transactions in
later years. We have paid the assessed tax plus interest and penalties for 1997
to 1999. On February 26, 2009, we filed a complaint in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (Southern District)
seeking a refund of approximately $306 million in taxes, interest and penalties
paid with respect to the 1997 taxable year. We allege that the IRS improperly
disallowed foreign tax credits and that our taxable income should be reduced as
a result of the 2005 restatement of our consolidated financial statements.  

 We also filed an
administrative refund claim on September 9, 2010 for our 1998 and 1999 tax
years.  

 On August 1, 2012,
we filed a motion for partial summary judgment related to the disallowance of
foreign tax credits associated with cross border financing transactions in the
Southern District of New York. The Southern District of New York denied our
summary judgment motion and upon AIG’s appeal, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit (the Second Circuit) affirmed the denial. AIG’s petition for
certiorari to the U.S. Supreme Court from the decision of the Second Circuit
was denied on March 7, 2016.  As a result, the case has been remanded back to
the Southern District of New York for a jury trial. 


 


 

 296                            
  AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    23. Income Taxes 

   

   


 
 In January 2018, the parties reached non-binding agreements in
principle on issues presented in the dispute and are currently reviewing the
computations reflecting the settlement terms. The resolution is not final and
is subject to various reviews. The litigation has been stayed pending the
outcome of the review process. We can provide no assurance regarding the
outcome of any such litigation or whether binding compromised settlements with
the parties will ultimately be reached. We currently believe that we have
adequate reserves for the potential liabilities that may result from these
matters.  

 Accounting For Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and
ending balances of the total amounts of gross unrecognized tax benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
 
   
      Decreases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (209) 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Lapse in statute of limitations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
      Activity of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,331 
   
  
 



 At December
31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and
penalties, were $4.7 billion, $4.5 billion and $4.3 billion,
respectively.  The activity for the year includes increases for amounts
associated with cross border financing transactions and the impact of
settlement discussions with the IRS related to certain other open tax issues
unrelated to the cross border financing transactions. With respect to cross
border financing transactions, the increase is the result of consideration of
recent court decisions upholding the disallowance of foreign tax credits
claimed by other corporate entities not affiliated with AIG in addition to the
agreement reached in the fourth quarter of 2017 by the parties in the cross
border financing dispute to pursue a potential settlement.        

 At
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our unrecognized tax benefits related to tax
positions that, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate because
they relate to such factors as the timing, rather than the permissibility, of
the deduction were $28 million, $66 million and $115 million,
respectively.  Accordingly, at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the amounts of
unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the
effective tax rate were $4.7 billion, $4.4 billion and
$4.2 billion, respectively. 

 Interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in income tax
expense. At December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, we had accrued liabilities of $2.0
billion, $1.2 billion, and $1.2 billion, respectively, for the payment of
interest (net of the federal benefit) and penalties. For the years ended December
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, we accrued expense of $776 million, $26 million
and $156 million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties.
 The current year activity is primarily related
to a decrease in the expected federal benefit of interest due to the U.S.
corporate tax rate reduction and to an increase in interest and penalties
associated with cross border financing transactions.  

 We believe it is reasonably possible that our
unrecognized tax benefits could decrease within the next 12 months by as much
as $3.9 billion, principally as a result of potential resolutions or
settlements of prior years’ tax items.  The prior years’ tax items include
unrecognized tax benefits related to the deductibility of certain expenses and
matters related to cross border financing transactions. 

 Listed below are the tax years that remain subject to examination
by major tax jurisdictions: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
   Open
  Tax Years  
   
  
 
   
   Major Tax Jurisdiction 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
   2000-2016 
   
  
 
   
   Australia 
   
  
   2013-2016 
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
   2015-2016 
   
  
 
   
   Japan 
   
  
   2011-2016 
   
  
 
   
   Korea 
   
  
   2012-2016 
   
  
 
   
   Singapore 
   
  
   2012-2016 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   2015-2016 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            297 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    24. Quarterly Financial Information
(Unaudited)   

   


 
 24. Quarterly
Financial Information (Unaudited) 

 


 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Three
  Months Ended  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   March 31,
   
   
  
     
   
  
   June 30,
   
   
  
     
   
  
   September 30,
   
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31,
   
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,632 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,779 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,502 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,751 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,854 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,635 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,010 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations before income taxes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,803) 
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
     
   
  
   875 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,455) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations, net of income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   (203) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,118 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,672) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,506) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      continuing operations attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   462 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,660) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,041) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.91) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.43 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7.33) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2.93) 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.91) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7.33) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2.93) 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
   980,777,243 
   
  
   1,156,548,459 
   
  
   925,751,084 
   
  
   1,113,587,927 
   
  
   908,667,044 
   
  
   1,071,295,892 
   
  
   908,115,499 
   
  
   1,023,886,592 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
   1,005,315,030 
   
  
   1,156,548,459 
   
  
   948,248,771 
   
  
   1,140,045,973 
   
  
   908,667,044 
   
  
   1,102,400,770 
   
  
   908,115,499 
   
  
   1,023,886,592 
   
  
 
   
   Noteworthy quarterly items -  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      (income) expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on sale of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (241) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on extinguishment of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior year unfavorable (favorable) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      development 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   391 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   901 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,574 
   
  
 
   
      Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
 
   
      Impact of Tax Act 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 *    For the
three months ended December 31, 2016, we recorded out of period adjustments
related to prior periods that increased Net loss attributable to AIG by $154
million, increased AIG’s Loss from continuing operations before income taxes by
$12 million and decreased adjusted pre-tax income by $1 million. The out of
period adjustments are primarily related to income tax liabilities and ceded
loss adjustment expenses. Had these adjustments, which were determined not to
be material, been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net income
attributable to AIG for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016, June
30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 would have decreased by $65 million, increased by
$66 million and increased by $19 million, respectively.  



 
  



 

 

 


 

 298                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 25. Information
Provided in Connection with Outstanding Debt 

 


 The following Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements
reflect the results of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH), a holding company and a
wholly owned subsidiary of AIG. AIG provides a full and unconditional guarantee
of all outstanding debt of AIGLH. 

 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,541 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,559 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,714) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,386 
   
  
 
   
         Other investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   305,902 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   311,906 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   317,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,714) 
   
  
     
   
  
   322,292 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70,494) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   159,594 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   173,647 
   
  
 
   
      Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,549 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   479,911 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111,862) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   282,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   282,105 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,441 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,640 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including intercompany balances (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,458 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   112,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118,848 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
   438,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,549) 
   
  
     
   
  
   432,593 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,086 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,708 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,549 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   479,911 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111,862) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,301 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,218 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,340) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,302 
   
  
 
   
         Other investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   308,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   315,873 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   321,937 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,340) 
   
  
     
   
  
   328,175 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,582 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,891) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   140,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,059) 
   
  
     
   
  
   161,022 
   
  
 
   
      Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,582 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   472,287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (114,558) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   275,120 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   275,120 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including intercompany balances (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   103,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,572) 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,268 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
     
   
  
   428,757 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44,840) 
   
  
     
   
  
   421,406 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,718) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,718) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,582 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   472,287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (114,558) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
intercompany derivative positions, which are reported at fair value before
credit valuation adjustment. 

 (b)  Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            299 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income
(Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,829) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   891 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   (173) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   742 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,002) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,520 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   952 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   (179) 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,891 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,054 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,926 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,526 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,083) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,060) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income
  taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,269) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   (753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,107 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,301) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (728) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 




 


 

 300                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 

 
  
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,954 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,890) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   (714) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,009 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   (708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income
  taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,989 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 



 *    Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            301 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,816) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,056) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27,524) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,821) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,744 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (27,524) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (728) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56,233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54,767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,925 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54,767) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,757 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57,083) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62,979) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,864) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,752 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (62,979) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 302                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group, Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Other 
   
  
      
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG  
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,426) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,608) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,585) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,758) 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,291 
   
  
 
   
     
  Sales of divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
 
   
     
  Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,465) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64,539) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,246) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Contributions from (to) subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,446) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,955) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,143) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,671 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
 
   
     
  Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,724) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,974) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,698) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (199) 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Cash dividends paid  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (200) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,883) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,697) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect
  of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,362 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,515 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,951) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,685) 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,644 
   
  
 
   
     
  Sales of divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,809 
   
  
 
   
     
  Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,002) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80,668) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,985) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Contributions from (to) subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,637) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
 
   
     
  Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,300) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,020) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
 
   
     
  Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,996) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase
  of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,723) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,127 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (851) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect
  of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            303 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
   

 
  
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,443 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,314 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,992) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,877) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,616 
   
  
 
   
     
  Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,881) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68,261) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65,265) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   (284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (565) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
 
   
     
  Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,334) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
 
   
     
  Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Cash dividends paid to shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,814) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,228 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,289) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,053) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect
  of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Cash
  at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 304                                 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with
Outstanding Debt   

   


 
 Supplementary Disclosure of Condensed
Consolidating Cash Flow Information 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year ended December 31, 2017
  for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (948) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,282) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (329) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (215) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (544) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year ended December 31, 2016
  for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (975) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,331) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (493) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year ended December 31, 2015
  for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,368) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (500) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (511) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (829) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) supplementary
disclosure of non-cash activities: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital contributions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   494 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends received in the form of securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,326 
   
  
 
   
   Return of capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities received in exchange for equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash financing/investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash consideration received from sale of shares of AerCap 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 










 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            305 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements |    26. Subsequent Events   

   


 
 26. Subsequent
Events 

 


 DIVIDENDS DECLARED AND
SHARE REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION 

 On February 8,
2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32
per share, payable on March 29, 2018 to shareholders of record on March 15,
2018. 

 ACQUISITION OF BUSINESS 

 On January 21,
2018, we entered into an agreement to purchase Validus Holdings, Ltd.
(Validus), a leading provider of reinsurance, primary insurance, and asset
management services, for approximately $5.6 billion in cash.  The
transaction is expected to close mid-2018 and is subject to customary closing
conditions, including, among others, obtaining the relevant regulatory
approvals (including the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, and receipt of the approval of the Bermuda Monetary Authority, the New
Hampshire Department of Insurance, the Prudential Regulatory Authority,
Lloyd’s, the Texas Department of Insurance and the Swiss Financial Market
Supervisory Authority) and obtaining the approval of the shareholders of
Validus.  In connection with the transaction, the board of directors of
Validus approved, and recommended that Validus’ shareholders approve, an
amendment to Validus’ bye-laws that would reduce the Validus shareholder vote
required to approve a merger with another company (including the transaction)
from the affirmative vote of three-fourths of those voting at a general meeting
of the shareholders to the affirmative vote of a majority of those voting at
such general meeting (the Bye-Law Amendment).   If the Bye-Law
Amendment is approved by holders of a majority in voting power of the aggregate
voting power of the common stock of Validus, Validus must then obtain the
affirmative vote of a majority of its shareholders voting at a general meeting
to approve and adopt the transaction.  If the Bye-Law Amendment is not so
approved, then Validus must obtain the affirmative vote of three-fourths of its
shareholders voting at a general meeting to approve and adopt the transaction. 

 REINSURANCE TRANSACTIONS 

 In February
2018, we closed a series of affiliated reinsurance transactions impacting the
Legacy Portfolio. These transactions were designed to consolidate the bulk of
the Legacy Insurance Run-Off Lines into a single legal entity, DSA Reinsurance
Company, Ltd. (DSA Re), a Bermuda domiciled composite reinsurer, 100 percent
owned by AIG. The transactions include the cession of approximately $32 billion
of reserves from the Legacy Life and Retirement Run-off Lines and approximately
$5 billion of reserves from the Legacy General Insurance Run-off Lines relating
to business written by multiple AIG legal entities. This represented over 80
percent of the insurance reserves in the Legacy Portfolio as of December 31,
2017. DSA Re will have approximately $40 billion of invested assets, managed by
AIG Investments and will become AIG’s main run-off reinsurer with its own
dedicated management team.  

 Following the
close of the DSA Re transactions, Eaglestone Reinsurance Company will continue
to reinsure the AIG property casualty pool companies for their asbestos
liabilities and benefit from the retroactive reinsurance agreement entered into
with NICO in 2011.  

 As part of the
transaction, AIG Parent has provided DSA Re with a
CMA that requires AIG Parent to restore capital of
each of the long term business fund and general business accounts of DSA Re to
a specified minimum enhanced capital ratio measured for each fund on a
quarterly basis. We will maintain the CMA so long as we have more than 50
percent voting control of DSA Re.          



 
  



 


 

 306                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Part II  

 


 ITEM
9 |  Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

   

 ITEM 9A |  Controls and Procedures     

 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

 Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. In connection with the preparation of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by AIG management, with
the participation of AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31,
2017. Based on this evaluation, AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of December 31, 2017. 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Management of
AIG is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. AIG’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process, under the supervision of AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of AIG’s financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

 Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 AIG management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 based on the criteria established
in the 2013 Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

 AIG management
has concluded that, as of December 31, 2017, our internal control over
financial reporting was effective based on the criteria articulated in the 2013
 Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the COSO.  The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2017 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 There have been
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have occurred
during the quarter ended December 31, 2017 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            307 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Part III 

 


 ITEM 10 |  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 All information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of
this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement
for AIG’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC
not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to
Regulation 14A. 

 ITEM 11 |  Executive Compensation 

 See Item 10
herein. 

 ITEM 12 |  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and M anagement
and Related Stockholder Matters 

 See Item 10
herein. 

 ITEM 13 |  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

 See
Item 10 herein. 

 ITEM 14 |  Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 See Item 10 herein. 

 

 Part IV 

 


 ITEM 15 |  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules.  See accompanying
Index to Financial Statements.  

 (b) Exhibits.  See
accompanying Exhibit Index.    

   

 ITEM 16 |  Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 

    

 


 

 308                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Exhibit
Index 

 


 

 
  
   
   Exhibit 
  Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Location 
   
  
 
   
   2 
   
  
   Plan of acquisition,
  reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1)  Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of
  December 8, 2010, among AIG, ALICO Holdings LLC, AIA
  Aurora LLC, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the United States
  Department of the Treasury and the AIG Credit Facility Trust 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2)  Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 15, 2016
  between American International Group, Inc. and Arch Capital Group Ltd. 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  August 16, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3)  First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as
  of December 29, 2016 between American International Group, Inc. and Arch
  Capital Group Ltd. 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.51 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4)  Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among AIG, Venus
  Holdings Limited and Validus Holdings, Ltd., dated January 21, 2018 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  January 22, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3 
   
  
   Articles of incorporation
  and by‑laws 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
  AIG 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  June 28, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   AIG By-laws, amended November 16, 2015 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on November 16, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   4 
   
  
   Instruments defining the
  rights of security holders, including indentures 
   
  
   Certain instruments
  defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of AIG and its
  subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of
  Regulation S-K. AIG hereby undertakes to furnish to the Commission, upon
  request, copies of any such instruments. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1)  Credit Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2008,
  between AIG and Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2)  Warrant Agreement (including Form of Warrant), dated as
  of January 6, 2011, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Warrant
  Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8‑K filed with the
  SEC on January 7, 2011 (File No. 1‑8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3)  Tax Asset Protection Plan, dated as of March 9, 2011,
  between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Rights Agent, including as Exhibit
  A the forms of Rights Certificate and of Election to Exercise 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 9, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4)  Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 8, 2014, to Tax
  Asset Protection Plan, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, National
  Association, as Rights Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  January 8, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5)  Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 14, 2016, to Tax
  Asset Protection Plan, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, National
  Association, as Rights Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  December 14, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   9 
   
  
   Voting Trust Agreement 
   
  
   None. 
   
  
 


 


   

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            309 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 
 
  
   
   10 
   
  
   Material contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1)  AIG Executive Deferred Compensation Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4(a) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2)  AIG Supplemental Incentive Savings Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4(b) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3)
   Amended and Restated American General Supplemental Thrift Plan
  (December 31, 1998)* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to American General Corporation’s Annual
  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (File
  No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4)  AIG Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5)  Assurance Agreement, by AIG in favor of eligible
  employees, dated as of June 27, 2005, relating to certain obligations of
  Starr International Company, Inc.* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10(6) to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2005 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (6)
   AIG Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (7)  AIG Form of Stock Option Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.A to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-148148). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (8)  AIG Amended and Restated Form of Non-Employee Director
  Deferred Stock Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.69 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
  ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (9)
   Memorandum of Understanding, dated November 25, 2009, between AIG,
  Maurice R. Greenberg, Howard I. Smith, C.V. Starr and Star
  International Company, Inc. 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K
  filed with the SEC on November 25, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (10)  Master Investment and Credit Agreement, dated as of
  November 25, 2008, among Maiden Lane III LLC, the Federal Reserve
  Bank of New York, AIG and the Bank of New York Mellon 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 2, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (11)  Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 12,
  2008, among the Sellers party thereto, AIG Securities Lending Corp., AIG,
  Maiden Lane II LLC and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 15, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (12)  AIG Credit Facility Trust Agreement, dated as of
  January 16, 2009, among the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Jill M.
  Considine, Chester B. Feldberg and Douglas L. Foshee, as Trustees 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on January 23, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (13)  Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as
  of June 27, 2017, among AIG, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the
  lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent,
  and each Several L/C Agent party thereto 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on June 27, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (14)  American International Group, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive
  Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement, dated April 12, 2010 (Filed No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (15)  AIG Amended Form of 2010 Stock Incentive Plan DSU Award
  Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.14 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (16)  Release and Restrictive Covenant Agreement between AIG
  and Peter Hancock* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (17)  Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between
  AIG and Peter Hancock, dated February 8, 2010* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.4 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 


 


   


 


 

 310                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   (18)  Letter Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG
  and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (19)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated
  August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (20)  Introductory Bonus Agreement, dated August 14, 2013,
  between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (21)  Executive Officer Form of Release and Restrictive
  Covenant Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22)  AIG Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
  2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23)  AIG Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (as
  amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24)  American General Corporation Supplemental Executive
  Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to American General Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form
  10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998 (File No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25)  Amendment Number One to the American General
  Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.73 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26)  Amendment Number Two to the American General
  Corporation’ Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.74 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (27)  Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of April 19,
  2011, by and among American Home Assurance Company, Chartis Casualty Company
  (f/k/a American International South Insurance Company), Chartis Property
  Casualty Company (f/k/a AIG Casualty Company), Commerce and Industry
  Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Illinois National
  Insurance Co., National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New
  Hampshire Insurance Company, The Insurance Company of the State of
  Pennsylvania, Chartis Select Insurance Company (f/k/a AIG Excess Liability
  Insurance Company Ltd.), Chartis Specialty Insurance Company (f/k/a American
  International Specialty Lines Insurance Company), Landmark Insurance Company,
  Lexington Insurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, American International
  Reinsurance Company, Ltd. and American Home Assurance Company, National Union
  Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company
  and Chartis Overseas Limited acting as members of the Chartis Overseas
  Association as respects business written or assumed by or from affiliated
  companies of Chartis Inc. (collectively, the Reinsureds), Eaglestone
  Reinsurance Company and National Indemnity Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            311 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28)  AIG 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.35 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29)  Form of 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share
  Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30)  Form of 2015 Performance Share Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31)  AIG Clawback Policy* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32)  AIG 2013 Short-Term Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (33)  Form of 2013 Short-Term Incentive Plan Award Letter* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 of AIG’s Current  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (34)  AIG Annual Short-Term Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.43 on AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35)  AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Appendix B in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated
  April 4, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (36)  Description of Non-Management Director Compensation* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to “Compensation of Directors” in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on
  Schedule 14A, dated May 19, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37)  AIG 2012 Executive Severance Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 of AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  June 30, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (38)  Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16,
  2013 by and among AIG, AerCap Ireland Capital Limited, AerCap Holdings N.V.,
  AerCap Ireland Limited and certain subsidiaries of AerCap Holdings N.V., as
  guarantors 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  December 16, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39)  Nomination Agreement, dated February 11, 2016, by and
  among High River Limited Partnership, Icahn Partners Master Fund LP, Icahn
  Partners LP, Carl C. Icahn and American International Group, Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 11, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40)  Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of December 31,
  2016, between American International Group, Inc. and Arch Capital Group Ltd.
  Group Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on June 12, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41)  Amendment No. 1 to the Investor Rights Agreement, dated
  as of June 8, 2017, among Arch Capital Group Ltd., American International
  Group, Inc. American Home Assurance Company, Lexington Insurance Company and
  National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on June 12, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42)  Form of AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Employee
  Director DSU Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.52 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
  year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 312                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43)  Aggregate Excess of Loss Reinsurance Agreement, dated
  January 20, 2017, by and between AIG Assurance Company, AIG Property Casualty
  Company, AIG Specialty Insurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, American
  Home Assurance Company, Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State
  Insurance Company, Illinois National Insurance Co., Lexington Insurance
  Company, National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New
  Hampshire Insurance Company and The Insurance Company Of The State Of
  Pennsylvania and National Indemnity Company (portions of this exhibit have
  been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment). 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44)  Trust Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by and among
  National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., National Indemnity
  Company, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (portions of this exhibit
  have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment). 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (45)  Parental Guarantee Agreement, dated January 20, 2017,
  by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in favor of National Union Fire Insurance Company
  of Pittsburgh, Pa. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (46)  American International Group, Inc. Long Term Incentive
  Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2017
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (47)  Form of AIG Long Term Incentive Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2017
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (48)  Letter Agreement between American International Group,
  Inc. and Peter D. Hancock, dated March 17, 2017* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2017
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (49)  Letter Agreement, dated November 3, 2010, between AIG
  and Siddhartha Sankaran* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7
  to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50)  Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure
  Agreement, dated November 5, 2010, between AIG and Siddhartha Sankaran* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8
  to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51)  Letter Agreement, dated July 22, 2015, between AIG and
  Douglas A. Dachille* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9
  to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017
  (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (52)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated
  July 22, 2015, between AIG and Douglas A. Dachille* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  10.10 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
  2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (53)  Letter Agreement, dated May 14, 2017, between American
  International Group, Inc. and Brian Duperreault* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (54)  Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, between American
  International Group, Inc. and Brian Duperreault* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (55)  Letter Agreement, dated July 3, 2017, between American
  International Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 



   


 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            313 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (56)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated
  July 5, 2017, between American International Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (57)  Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, between American
  International Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58)  Letter Agreement, dated June 28, 2017, between American
  International Group, Inc. and Seraina Macia* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59)  Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated
  July 12, 2017, between American International Group, Inc. and Seraina Macia* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
  to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2017 (File
  No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60)  Form of Long Term Incentive Stock Option Award
  Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
    
  
 
   
   11 
   
  
   Statement re: Computation of Per
  Share Earnings 
   
  
   Included in Note 18
  to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   12 
   
  
   Computation of Ratios
  of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries of
  Registrant 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   24 
   
  
   Powers of attorney 
   
  
   Included on signature page
  and filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   31 
   
  
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
  Certifications 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   32 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certifications** 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   99.02 
   
  
   Securities Registered
  pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive data files
  pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated
  Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,
  (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three years ended
  December 31, 2017, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for
  the three years ended December 31, 2017, (iv) the Consolidated
  Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2017,
  (v) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the
  three years ended December 31, 2017 and (vi) the Notes to the
  Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 



 *    This exhibit is a management contract or
a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 **   This information is furnished and not
filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 

 

 


 

 314                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Signatures 

 


 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 16th of
February, 2018. 

                                                                                                                 AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 

                                                                                                                 By                       /S/
BRIAN DUPERREAULT                                       

                                                                                                                         (Brian
Duperreault, President and Chief Executive Officer) 

 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Brian Duperreault and
Siddhartha Sankaran, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to sign
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and
all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary
or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any
rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and
all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
indicated on the 16th of February, 2018. 

   

 

 
  
   
   SIGNATURE 
   
  
     
   
  
   TITLE 
   
  
 
   
   /S/ BRIAN DUPERREAULT 
   
  
     
   
  
   President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Brian Duperreault) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ SIDDHARTHA SANKARAN 
   
  
     
   
  
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Siddhartha Sankaran) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ ELIAS F. HABAYEB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Vice President – Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Group
  Controller 
   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Elias F. Habayeb) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ W. DON CORNWELL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (W. Don Cornwell) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ PETER R. FISHER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Peter R. Fisher) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ JOHN H. FITZPATRICK 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (John H. Fitzpatrick) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ WILLIAM G. JURGENSEN  
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (William G. Jurgensen) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ CHRISTOPHER S. LYNCH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Christopher S. Lynch) 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


   

 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            315 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 
 
  
   
   /S/ SAMUEL J. MERKSAMER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Samuel J. Merksamer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ HENRY S. MILLER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Henry S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ LINDA A. MILLS 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Linda A. Mills) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ SUZANNE NORA JOHNSON 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Suzanne Nora Johnson) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ RONALD A. RITTENMEYER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Ronald A. Rittenmeyer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ DOUGLAS M. STEENLAND 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Douglas M. Steenland) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /S/ THERESA M. STONE 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Theresa M. Stone) 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


 
 


 

 316                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Summary of Investments — Other than Investments in Related
Parties 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   which
  shown in 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
   the Balance Sheet
   
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,334 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,458 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,458 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,716 
   
  
 
   
      Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,870 
   
  
 
   
      All other corporate debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   110,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,215 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,861 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,861 
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,764 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities and mutual funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         Banks, trust and insurance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   924 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,126 
   
  
 
   
         Industrial, miscellaneous and all other 
   
  
     
   
  
   326 
   
  
     
   
  
   483 
   
  
     
   
  
   483 
   
  
 
   
      Total common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,610 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,610 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities and mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,894 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,297 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,023 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,682 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,822 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments, at cost (approximates fair value) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,386 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   922 
   
  
     
   
  
   922 
   
  
     
   
  
   922 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309,140 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   323,959 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   323,214 
   
  
 



 (a)  Original
cost of equity securities and fixed maturities is reduced by
other-than-temporary impairment charges, and, as to fixed maturity securities,
reduced by repayments and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of
discounts. 

 (b)  The
balance is reported in Other assets. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            317 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 

 Balance
Sheets — Parent Company Only 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,541 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,154 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,578 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,692 
   
  
 
   
   Due from affiliates - net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,460 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax receivable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,129 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,169 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,582 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due to affiliate * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,083 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,577 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,152 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,432 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   841 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Loans from subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (includes intercompany derivative liabilities
  of $63 in 2017 and $419 in 2016) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,436 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,653 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47,595) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,471) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,064 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,711 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   99,703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
 



 *    Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
Registrant. 


 


 

 318                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial
  Information of Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Income — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of consolidated
  subsidiaries (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,375) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,633) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,929) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividend income from consolidated subsidiaries (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,883 
   
  
 
   
      Interest income (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   656 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
 
   
      Net loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of divested businesses (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (690) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   922 
   
  
     
   
  
   985 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,301) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,083) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,198 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG Parent Company 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
   (a)   Eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  
 
   
   (b)   Includes interest income on intercompany borrowings of
  $512 million, $294 million and $163 million on December 31, 2017, 2016 and
  2015, respectively,  
   
  
 
   
    eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (c)   Primarily includes pre-tax gain of $697 million on the
  sale of United Guaranty on December 31, 2016. 
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant. 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Comprehensive Income — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,084) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant. 
   
  
 




 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            319 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial
  Information of Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Cash Flows — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,443 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales and maturities of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,609 
   
  
 
   
      Sales of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,465) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,002) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,881) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loan receivables - originations and
  purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Payments received on mortgages and other loan receivables 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,493 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
 
   
      Repayment of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,724) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,996) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,504) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,275) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,883) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,928) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Supplementary
  disclosure of cash flow information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the period for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (948) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (975) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (329) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends received in the form of securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,326 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities received in exchange for equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash financing/investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from sale of shares of AerCap 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant. 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 320                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
Registrant 

 American
International Group, Inc.’s (the Registrant) investments in consolidated
subsidiaries are stated at cost plus equity in undistributed income of
consolidated subsidiaries. The accompanying condensed financial statements of
the Registrant should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto of American International Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries included in the Registrant’s 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2017 (Annual Report on Form 10-K)
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2018. 

 The Registrant
includes in its Statement of Income dividends from its subsidiaries and equity
in undistributed income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries, which represents
the net income (loss) of each of its wholly - owned subsidiaries. 

 Certain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period
presentation. 

 The five-year
debt maturity schedule is incorporated by reference from Note 15 to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The Registrant
files a consolidated federal income tax return with certain subsidiaries
and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax group when making payments to the
Internal Revenue Service. The Registrant and its subsidiaries have adopted,
pursuant to a written agreement, a method of allocating consolidated Federal
income taxes. Amounts allocated to the subsidiaries under the written agreement
are included in Due from affiliates in the accompanying Condensed Balance
Sheets. 

 Income taxes in
the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets are composed of the Registrant’s
current and deferred tax assets, the consolidated group’s current income tax
receivable and deferred taxes related to tax attribute carryforwards of AIG’s
U.S. consolidated income tax group.  

 For additional
information see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The consolidated
U.S. deferred tax asset for net operating loss, capital loss and tax credit
carryforwards are recorded by the Parent Company, which files the consolidated
U.S. Federal income tax return, and are not allocated to its subsidiaries.
Generally, as, and if, the consolidated net operating losses and other tax
attribute carryforwards are utilized, the intercompany tax balance will be
settled with the subsidiaries. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            321 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Supplementary Insurance Information 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2017 and 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  Unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Contract 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   Claims 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,587 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,795 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,407 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   851 
   
  
 
   
   Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,030 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   860 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,563 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,926 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
 
   
   Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,634 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   847 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and  
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Written (b) 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,642 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,765 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,438 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   712 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   (296) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   727 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,564 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,396 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,756 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,967 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,393 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,945 
   
  
     
   
  
   613 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,845 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   743 
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   816 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,922 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,746 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,873 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,848 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,199 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   854 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,076 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,455 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
 



 (a)  Includes
consolidation and elimination entries. 

 (b)  Balances
reflect the segment changes discussed in Note 3 – Segment Information to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 
 


 

 322                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Reinsurance 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years then
  ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Ceded
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   from
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Amount  
   
  
     
   
  
   to Net
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,061,095 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   321 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   859,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,533 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   809 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,025,653 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,970 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,561 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,579 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,947 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,051,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   372 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   874,918 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General Insurance companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,698 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life and Retirement companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 
 


 

 AIG | 2017 Form 10-K                            323 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule
  V 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additions 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charged
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
    to
  Assets of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge
  Offs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held
  for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   End of
  year 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,500) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,831 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
 



 *    Includes
recoveries of amounts previously charged off and reclassifications to/from
other accounts. 

   

   




 


 

 324                               AIG | 2017 Form
10-K   

 



 
 
 
 
