
 10-K
 1
 a10-k123118.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  _____________________________________________________  FORM 10-K (Mark One) ý   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 or ¨   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from                         to                         Commission File No. 1-3157 INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) New York   13-0872805 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 6400 Poplar Avenue Memphis, Tennessee (Address of principal executive offices) 38197 (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (901) 419-9000 _____________________________________________________  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class    Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $1 per share par value    New York Stock Exchange _____________________________________________________  Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  ý     No  ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  ¨     No  ý Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  ý     No  ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes  ý     No  ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ý Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer  ý   Accelerated filer  ¨   Non-accelerated filer  ¨   Smaller reporting company  ¨   Emerging growth company  ¨                   If emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act.  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes   ¨    No  ý The aggregate market value of the Company’s outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2018) was approximately  $21,249,006,136 . The number of shares outstanding of the Company’s common stock as of  February 15, 2019  was  400,236,119 . Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement filed within 120 days of the close of the registrant’s fiscal year in connection with registrant’s  2019  annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 1 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2018     PART I.   1       ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 1   General 1   Competition and Costs 1   Marketing and Distribution 1   Description of Principal Products 1   Sales Volumes by Product 2   Research and Development 2   Environmental Protection 3   Climate Change 3   Employees 4   Executive Officers of the Registrant 4   Raw Materials 5   Forward-looking Statements 5 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 6 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 10 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 10   Forestlands 10   Mills and Plants 11   Capital Investments and Dispositions 11 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 11 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 11       PART II.   11       ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED  STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 11 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 13 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 17   Executive Summary 17   Results of Operations 20   Description of Business Segments 23   Business Segment Results 24   Liquidity and Capital Resources 28   Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Accounting Estimates 32   Recent Accounting Developments 34   Legal Proceedings 34   Effect of Inflation 34   Foreign Currency Effects 35   Market Risk 35 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2018   ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 35 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 36   Report of Management on Financial Statements, Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Internal Control Environment and Board of Directors Oversight 36   Reports of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 38   Consolidated Statement of Operations 40   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 41   Consolidated Balance Sheet 42   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 43   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 44   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 45   Interim Financial Results (Unaudited) 82 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 84 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 84 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 84       PART III.   84       ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 84 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 84 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 84 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 84 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 85       PART IV.   85       ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 85   Additional Financial Data 85   SIGNATURES 89 APPENDIX I 2018 LISTING OF FACILITIES A-1 APPENDIX II 2018 CAPACITY INFORMATION A-4 Table of Contents PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS GENERAL International Paper Company (the Company or International Paper, which may also be referred to as we or us) is a global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper products with manufacturing operations in North America, Latin America, Europe, North Africa, India and Russia. We are a New York corporation, incorporated in 1941 as the successor to the New York corporation of the same name organized in 1898. You can learn more about us by visiting our website at www.internationalpaper.com. In the United States, at  December 31, 2018 , the Company operated  27  pulp, paper and packaging mills,  166  converting and packaging plants,  16  recycling plants and  three  bag facilities. Production facilities at  December 31, 2018  in Canada, Europe, India, North Africa, and Latin America included  16  pulp, paper and packaging mills,  43  converting and packaging plants, and  two  recycling plants. We operate a printing and packaging products distribution business principally through  nine  branches in Asia. At  December 31, 2018 , we owned or managed approximately  329,000  acres of forestland in Brazil and had, through licenses and forest management agreements, harvesting rights on government-owned forestlands in Russia. Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. For management and financial reporting purposes, our businesses are separated into three segments: Industrial Packaging; Global Cellulose Fibers; and Printing Papers.  A description of these business segments can be found on pages  23  and  24  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The Company’s  50%  equity interest in Ilim S.A. (Ilim) is also a separate reportable industry segment. From 2014 through 2018, International Paper’s capital expenditures approximated  $7.2 billion , excluding mergers and acquisitions. These expenditures reflect our continuing efforts to use our capital strategically to improve product quality and environmental performance, as well as lower costs and maintain reliability of operations. Capital spending in  2018  was approximately  $1.6 billion  and is expected to be approximately  $1.4 billion  in  2019 . You can find more information about capital expenditures on page  28  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .   Discussions of acquisitions can be found on page  29  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . You can find discussions of restructuring charges and other special items on pages  22  and  23   of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we “incorporate by reference” certain information in parts of other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC permits us to disclose important information by referring to it in that manner. Please refer to such information. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, along with all other reports and any amendments thereto filed with or furnished to the SEC, are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our  website at www.internationalpaper.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we filed with or furnished to the SEC. COMPETITION AND COSTS The pulp, paper and packaging sectors are large and fragmented, and the areas into which the Company sells its principal products are very competitive. Our products compete with similar products produced by other forest products companies. We also compete, in some instances, with companies in other industries and against substitutes for wood-fiber products. Many factors influence the Company’s competitive position, including price, cost, product quality and services. You can find more information about the impact of these factors on operating profits on pages  17  through  28  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . You can find information about the Company’s manufacturing capacities on page  A-4  of  Appendix II . MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION The Company sells products directly to end users and converters, as well as through agents, resellers and paper distributors.  DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS The Company’s principal products are described on pages  23  and  24  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .  1 Table of Contents SALES VOLUMES BY PRODUCT Sales volumes of major products for  2018 ,  2017  and  2016  were as follows: Sales Volumes by Product (a)   In thousands of short tons (except as noted) 2018 2017 2016 Industrial Packaging       Corrugated Packaging (b) 10,624 10,413 10,392 Containerboard 3,229 3,294 3,091 Recycling 2,282 2,257 2,450 Saturated Kraft 196 181 182 Gypsum/Release Kraft 227 229 200 Bleached Kraft 31 27 24 EMEA Packaging (b) (c) 1,476 1,518 1,477 Asian Box (b) (d) — — 208 Brazilian Packaging (c) 351 357 371 European Coated Paperboard 390 398 393 Industrial Packaging 18,806 18,674 18,788 Global Cellulose Fibers  ( in thousands of metric tons)  (e) 3,573 3,708 1,870 Printing Papers       U.S. Uncoated Papers 1,886 1,915 1,872 European and Russian Uncoated Papers 1,440 1,483 1,536 Brazilian Uncoated Papers 1,125 1,167 1,114 Indian Uncoated Papers 263 253 241 Printing Papers 4,714 4,818 4,763 (a) Includes third-party and inter-segment sales and excludes sales of equity investees. (b) Volumes for corrugated box sales reflect consumed tons sold (CTS). Board sales by these businesses reflect invoiced tons. (c) Excludes newsprint sales volumes at the Madrid, Spain mill through Q3 2017. (d) Includes sales volumes through the date of sale on June 30, 2016. (e) Includes North American, European and Brazilian volumes and internal sales to mills. Includes sales volumes from the pulp business acquired beginning December 1, 2016. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT The Company operates its primary research and development center in Loveland, Ohio, as well as several other product development facilities, including the Global Cellulose Fibers technology center in Federal Way, Washington. We direct research and development activities to short-term, long-term and technical assistance needs of customers and operating divisions, and to process, equipment and product innovations. Activities include product development within the operating divisions; studies on innovation and improvement of pulping, bleaching, chemical recovery, paper making, converting and coating processes; packaging design and materials development; mechanical packaging systems, environmentally sensitive printing inks and reduction of environmental discharges; re-use of raw materials in manufacturing processes; recycling of consumer and packaging paper products; energy conservation; applications of computer controls to    manufacturing operations; innovations and improvement of products; and development of various new products. Our development efforts specifically address product safety, as well as the minimization of solid waste. The cost to the Company of its research and development operations was  $30 million  in  2018 ,  $28 million  in   2017 , and  $20 million  in  2016 . We own numerous patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights relating to our products and to the processes for their production. We also license intellectual property rights to and from others where advantageous or necessary. Many of the manufacturing processes are among our trade secrets. Some of our products are covered by U.S. and non-U.S. patents and are sold under well known trademarks. We derive a competitive advantage by protecting our trade secrets, patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, and by using them as required to support our businesses. 2 Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION International Paper is subject to extensive federal and state environmental regulation, as well as similar regulations internationally. Our continuing objectives include: (1) controlling emissions and discharges from our facilities into the air, water and groundwater to avoid adverse impacts on the environment, and (2) maintaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Company spent $47 million in 2018 for capital projects to control environmental releases into the air and water, and to assure environmentally sound management and disposal of waste. We expect to spend $70 million in 2019 for environmental capital projects. Capital expenditures for 2020 environmental projects are anticipated to be approximately $70 million. Capital expenditures for 2021 environmental projects are estimated to be $95 million. The Company has completed capital projects to meet the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Boiler MACT (maximum achievable control technology) regulations that require owners of specified boilers to meet revised air emissions standards for certain substances. Since 2016, lawsuits challenging all or portions of the Boiler MACT regulations have resulted in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit remanding certain portions of the Boiler MACT regulations to the EPA  for reconsideration of certain standards in the regulations. We have not identified any additional Boiler MACT capital project expenditures that might result from the outcome of the remands to the EPA.  Amendments lowering National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen dioxide (NO2), fine particulate (PM2.5), and ozone have been finalized by the EPA in recent years but to date have not had a material impact on the Company. CLIMATE CHANGE In an effort to mitigate the potential climate change impacts from human activities, various international, national and sub-national (regional, state and local) governmental actions have been or may be undertaken. Presently, these efforts have not materially impacted International Paper, but such efforts may have a material impact on the Company in the future. International Efforts A successor program to the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, the Paris  Agreement, went into effect in November 2016 and continued international efforts and voluntary commitments toward reducing the emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs).  Consistent with this objective, participating countries aim to balance GHG    emissions generation and removal in the second half of this century or, in effect, achieve net-zero global GHG emissions.    As part of the Paris Agreement, many countries, including the U.S. and EU member states, established non-binding emissions reduction targets. The U.S. non-binding commitment is for GHG emissions to be 7% below 2005 GHG emissions levels by 2020 and 26% to 28% below by 2025.  Other countries in which we do business made similar non-binding commitments. On August 4, 2017, the U.S. filed official notice to withdraw from the Paris Agreement. Notwithstanding the notice of withdrawal by the U.S., the Company’s voluntary GHG reductions, which are set out in our annual Global  Citizenship report, remain roughly in line with the percentages of the U.S. prior target reductions. It is not clear at this time what, if any, further reductions by the Company might be required by the countries in which we operate. Due to this uncertainty, it is not possible at this time to estimate the potential impacts of these agreements on the Company. To assist member countries in meeting obligations under the Kyoto Protocol, the EU established and continues to operate an Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). Currently, we have two sites directly subject to regulation under Phase III of the EU ETS, one in Poland and one in France. Other sites that we operate in the EU experience indirect impacts of the EU ETS through purchased power pricing. Neither the direct nor indirect impacts of the EU ETS have been material to the Company, but they could be material to the Company in the future depending on how the Paris Agreement's non-binding commitments or allocation of and market prices for GHG credits under existing rules evolve over the coming years. U.S. Efforts, including State, Regional and Local Measures In the U.S., the 1997 Kyoto Protocol was not ratified and Congress has not passed GHG legislation. The EPA manages regulations to:  (i) control GHGs from mobile sources by adopting transportation fuel efficiency standards;  (ii) control GHG emissions from new Electric Generating Units (EGUs); (iii) require reporting of GHGs from sources of GHGs greater than 25,000 tons per year; (iv) in 2015, require states to develop plans to reduce GHGs from utility EGUs and (v) in 2016 EPA took the first steps in the process of developing emissions standards for existing sources in the oil and gas sector.   A few U.S. states have enacted or are considering legal measures to require the reduction of emissions of GHGs by companies and public utilities, primarily through the development of GHG emission inventories or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs.  California has already enacted such a program and similar actions are being  3 Table of Contents considered by Washington. The Company does not have any sites currently subject to California's GHG regulatory plan. There may be indirect impacts from changing input costs (such as electricity) at some of our California converting operations but these have yet to manifest themselves in material impacts. Although we are monitoring proposed programs in other states, it is unclear what impacts, if any, state-level GHG rules will have on the Company’s operations.  Summary Regulation of GHGs continues to evolve in various countries in which we do business. While it is likely that there will be increased governmental action regarding GHGs and climate change in the future, it is unclear when such actions will occur and at this time it is not reasonably possible to estimate Company costs of compliance with rules that have not yet been adopted or implemented and may not be adopted or implemented in the future. In addition to possible direct impacts, future legislation and regulation could have indirect impacts on International Paper, such as higher prices for transportation, energy and other inputs, as well as more protracted air permitting processes, causing delays and higher costs to implement capital projects. International Paper has controls and procedures in place to stay informed about developments concerning possible climate change legislation and regulation in the U.S. and in other countries where we operate. We regularly assess whether such legislation or regulation may have a material effect on the Company, its operations or financial condition, and whether we have any related disclosure obligations. International Paper plays a significant role in responding to the climate change challenge. Our entire business depends upon the sustainability of forests. We transform renewable resources into recyclable products that people depend on every day. This cycle begins with sourcing renewable fiber from responsibly managed forests, and at the end of use our products are recycled into new products at a higher rate than any other base material. We will continue to lead the world in responsible forest stewardship to ensure healthy and productive forest ecosystems for generations to come. Our efforts to advance sustainable forest management and restore forest landscapes are an important lever for mitigating climate change through carbon storage in forests. Furthermore, we use biomass and manufacturing residuals (rather than fossil fuels) to generate a substantial majority of the manufacturing energy at our mills. Additional information regarding climate change and International Paper is available in our 2017 Global Citizenship report found on our website at www.internationalpaper.com, though this information is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and    should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. EMPLOYEES As of  December 31, 2018 , we have approximately  53,000  employees, nearly  33,000  of whom are located in the United States. Of our U.S. employees, approximately  23,000  are hourly, with unions representing approximately  14,000  employees. Approximately  11,000  of this number are represented by the United Steelworkers union (USW). International Paper, the USW, and several other unions have entered into two master agreements covering various mills and converting facilities. These master agreements cover several specific items, including wages, select benefit programs, successorship, employment security, and health and safety.  Individual facilities continue to have local agreements for other subjects not covered by the master agreements.  If local facility agreements are not successfully negotiated at the time of expiration, under the terms of the master agreements the local contracts will automatically renew with the same terms in effect. The master agreements cover the majority of our union represented mills and converting facilities. In addition, International Paper is party to a master agreement with District Council 2, International Brotherhood of Teamsters, covering additional converting facilities.  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Mark S. Sutton,  57, chairman (since January 1, 2015) & chief executive officer (since November 1, 2014).  Mr. Sutton previously served as president & chief operating officer from June 1, 2014 to October 31, 2014, senior vice president - industrial packaging from November 2011 to May 31, 2014, senior vice president - printing and communications papers of the Americas from 2010 until 2011, senior vice president - supply chain from 2008 to 2009, vice president - supply chain from 2007 until 2008, and vice president - strategic planning from 2005 until 2007. Mr. Sutton joined International Paper in 1984.  Mr. Sutton serves on the board of directors of The Kroger Company. He is a member of The Business Council and the Business Roundtable and serves on the American Forest & Paper Association board of directors and the international advisory board of the Moscow School of Management - Skolkovo.  He was appointed chairman of the U.S. Russian Business Council and was also appointed to the U.S. Section of the U.S.-Brazil CEO Forum. He also serves on the board of directors of Memphis Tomorrow and board of governors for New Memphis Institute. Mr. Sutton has been a director since June 1, 2014. 4 Table of Contents W. Michael Amick, Jr.,  55, senior vice president - paper the Americas & India since January 1, 2017.  Mr. Amick previously served as senior vice president - North American papers & consumer packaging from July 2016 until December 2016, senior vice president - North American papers, pulp & consumer packaging from November 2014 until June 2016, vice president - president, IP India, from August 2012 to October 2014, and vice president and general manager for the coated paperboard business from 2010 to 2012. Mr. Amick joined International Paper in 1990. Tommy S. Joseph,  59, senior vice president - manufacturing, technology, EH&S and global sourcing since January 2010. Mr. Joseph previously served as senior vice president - manufacturing, technology, EH&S from February 2009 until December 2009, and vice president - technology from 2005 until February 2009. Mr. Joseph is a director of Ilim in which International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. Joseph joined International Paper in 1983. Timothy S. Nicholls,  57, senior vice president & chief financial officer since June 2018.  Mr. Nicholls previously served as senior vice president - industrial packaging the Americas from January 2017 through June 2018, senior vice president - industrial packaging from November 2014 through December 2016, senior vice president - printing and communications papers of the Americas from November 2011 through October 2014, senior vice president and chief financial officer from 2007 until 2011, vice president and executive project leader of IP Europe during 2007, and vice president and chief financial officer - IP Europe from 2005 until 2007. Mr. Nicholls joined International Paper in 1991. Thomas J. Plath,  55, senior vice president - human resources and global citizenship since March 1, 2017.  Mr. Plath previously served as vice president - human resources, global businesses from November 2014 through February 2017, and vice president - HR manufacturing, technology, EH&S and global supply chain from April 2013 to November 2014. Mr. Plath joined International Paper in 1991. Jean-Michel Ribieras,  56, senior vice president - industrial packaging the Americas since June 2018.  Mr. Ribieras previously served as senior vice president - global cellulose fibers from July 2016 through June 2018, senior vice president - president, IP Europe, Middle East, Africa & Russia from 2013 until June 2016, and president - IP Latin America from 2009 until 2013. Mr. Ribieras joined International Paper in 1993. Sharon R. Ryan,  59, senior vice president, general counsel & corporate secretary since November 2011. Ms. Ryan previously served as vice president, acting general counsel & corporate secretary from May 2011    until November 2011, vice president from March 2011 until May 2011, associate general counsel, chief ethics and compliance officer from 2009 until 2011, and associate general counsel from 2006 until 2009. Ms. Ryan joined International Paper in 1988. John V. Sims,  56, senior vice president - president, IP Europe, Middle East, Africa & Russia since July 2016.  Mr. Sims previously served as vice president and general manager, European papers from March 2016 until June 2016, vice president & general manager, North American papers from 2013 until February 2016, and vice president, finance and strategy, industrial packaging, from 2009 until 2013.  Mr. Sims is a director of Ilim in which International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. Sims joined International Paper in 1994. Catherine I. Slater,  55, senior vice president - global cellulose fibers & IP Asia since June 2018.  Ms. Slater previously served as senior vice president - consumer packaging from December 2016 through December 2017.  Ms. Slater joined International Paper from Weyerhaeuser Company in December 2016, effective with the completion of the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s cellulose fibers business, which she previously led.  Ms. Slater’s 24-year career with Weyerhaeuser included leadership roles in manufacturing, printing papers, consumer products, wood products and the cellulose fibers business. Gregory T. Wanta,  53, senior vice president - North American container since November 2016.  Mr. Wanta has served in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility in manufacturing and commercial leadership roles in specialty papers, coated paperboard, printing papers, foodservice and industrial packaging, including vice president, central region, Container the Americas, from January 2012 through October 2016.  Mr. Wanta joined International Paper in 1991. RAW MATERIALS Raw materials essential to our businesses include wood fiber, purchased in the form of pulpwood, wood chips and old corrugated containers (OCC), and certain chemicals, including caustic soda and starch. For further information concerning fiber supply purchase agreements, see page  30 . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the exhibits hereto) that are not historical in nature may be considered “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are often identified by the words, “will,” “may,” “should,”  5 Table of Contents “continue,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “plan,” “appear,” “project,” “estimate,” “intend,” and words of a similar nature. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management’s current views with respect to future events, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to: (i) the level of our indebtedness and changes in interest rates; (ii) industry conditions, including but not limited to changes in the cost or availability of raw materials, energy and transportation costs, competition we face, cyclicality and changes in consumer preferences, demand and pricing for our products; (iii) global economic conditions and political changes, including but not limited to the impairment of financial institutions, changes in currency exchange rates, credit ratings issued by recognized credit rating organizations, the amount of our future pension funding obligation, changes in tax laws and pension and health care costs; (iv) unanticipated expenditures related to the cost of compliance with existing and new environmental and other governmental regulations and to actual or potential litigation; (v) whether we experience a material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities; (vi) risks inherent in conducting business through a joint venture; and (vii) our ability to achieve the benefits we expect from all acquisitions, divestitures and restructurings. These and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such forward-looking statements are discussed in greater detail below in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Company faces risks in the normal course of business and through global, regional, and local events that could have an adverse impact on its reputation, operations, and financial performance. The Board of Directors exercises oversight of the Company’s enterprise risk management program, which includes strategic, operational and financial matters, as well as compliance and legal risks. The Audit and Finance Committee coordinates the risk oversight role exercised by the Board’s standing committees and management, and it receives updates on the risk management processes twice per year. In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (particularly in  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ), or in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following are some important factors that could cause the Company’s    actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS CHANGES IN THE COST OR AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS, ENERGY AND TRANSPORTATION COULD AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY.  We rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally virgin wood fiber, recycled fiber, caustic soda and starch), energy sources (principally biomass, natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) and third-party companies that transport our goods. The market price of virgin wood fiber varies based upon availability and source. The global supply and demand for recycled fiber may be affected by trade policies between countries, individual governments' legislation and regulations, as well as changes in the global economy. In addition, the increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may cause occasional significant fluctuations in recycled fiber prices. Energy prices, in particular prices for oil and natural gas, have fluctuated dramatically in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future. The availability of labor and the market price for diesel fuel may affect our costs for third-party transportation. Our profitability has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources. THE INDUSTRIES IN WHICH WE OPERATE EXPERIENCE BOTH ECONOMIC CYCLICALITY AND CHANGES IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES. FLUCTUATIONS IN THE PRICES OF, AND THE DEMAND FOR, OUR PRODUCTS COULD MATERIALLY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND CASH FLOWS.  Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. In addition, changes in consumer preferences may increase or decrease the demand for our products. These consumer preferences affect the prices of our products. Consequently, our financial results are sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our products. COMPETITION IN THE UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONALLY COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.  We operate in a competitive environment, both in the United States and internationally, in all of our operating segments. Product innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, and marketing, distribution and pricing strategies pursued or achieved by competitors could negatively impact our financial results. 6 Table of Contents RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC FACTORS ADVERSE DEVELOPMENTS IN GENERAL BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  General economic conditions may adversely affect industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels and consumer confidence, all of which impact demand for our products. In addition, volatility in the capital and credit markets, which impacts interest rates, currency exchange rates and the availability of credit, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our results of operations. CHANGES IN INTERNATIONAL CONDITIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  Our operating results and business prospects could be substantially affected by risks related to the countries outside the United States in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell our products. Specifically, Russia, Brazil, Poland, India, and Turkey, where we have substantial manufacturing facilities, are countries that are exposed to economic and political instability in their respective regions of the world. Fluctuations in the value of local currency versus the U.S. dollar, downturns in economic activity, adverse tax consequences or rulings, nationalization or any change in social, political or labor conditions in any of these countries or regions could negatively affect our financial results. Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including governmental subsidies, tax benefits and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over International Paper, may also adversely impact our operating results and business prospects in these countries. Likewise, disruption in existing trade agreements or increased trade friction between countries (e.g., the U.S. and China) could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations by restricting the free flow of goods and services across borders. In addition, our international operations are subject to regulation under U.S. law and other laws related to operations in foreign jurisdictions. For example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions and the prosecution of executives overseeing our international operations.   THE LEVEL OF OUR INDEBTEDNESS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS.  As of  December 31, 2018 , International Paper had approximately  $10.7 billion  of outstanding indebtedness. The level of our indebtedness could have important consequences to our financial condition, operating results and business, including the following: • it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, dividends, share repurchases, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; • a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to payments on indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; • the debt service requirements of our indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy other obligations; • our indebtedness that is subject to variable rates and, in the instance such variable rates use the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as a benchmark, exposes us to a possible increase in debt service obligations in the event that the method for determining LIBOR changes, LIBOR is replaced by an alternative reference rate or LIBOR is phased out altogether; • it may limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and • it may increase our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business, and may make us unable to carry out capital spending that is important to our growth. In addition, we are subject to agreements that require meeting and maintaining certain financial ratios and covenants. A significant or prolonged downturn in general business and economic conditions may affect our ability to comply with these covenants or meet those financial ratios and tests and could require us to take action to reduce our debt or to act in a manner contrary to our current business objectives. CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS COULD   ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR COST OF FINANCING AND HAVE AN ADVERSE  7 Table of Contents EFFECT ON THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SECURITIES.  Maintaining an investment-grade credit rating is an important element of our financial strategy, and a downgrade of the Company’s ratings below investment grade will likely eliminate our ability to access the commercial paper market, may limit our access to the capital markets, have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities, increase our cost of borrowing and require us to post collateral for derivatives in a net liability position. The Company’s desire to maintain its investment grade rating may cause the Company to take certain actions designed to improve its cash flow, including sale of assets, suspension or reduction of our dividend and reductions in capital expenditures and working capital. Under the terms of the agreements governing approximately $1.4 billion of our debt as of  December 31, 2018 , the applicable interest rate on such debt may increase upon each downgrade in our credit rating below investment grade. As a result, a downgrade in our credit rating below investment grade may lead to an increase in our interest expense. There can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in each rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any such downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of borrowing, limit our access to the capital markets or result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur. DOWNGRADES IN THE CREDIT RATINGS OF BANKS ISSUING CERTAIN LETTERS OF CREDIT WILL INCREASE OUR COST OF MAINTAINING CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS AND MAY RESULT IN THE ACCELERATION OF DEFERRED TAXES.  We are subject to the risk that a bank with currently issued irrevocable letters of credit supporting installment notes delivered to Temple-Inland in connection with Temple-Inland's 2007 sales of forestlands may be downgraded below a required rating. Since 2007, certain banks have fallen below the required ratings threshold and were successfully replaced, or waivers were obtained regarding their replacement. As a result of continuing uncertainty in the banking environment, a number of the letter-of-credit banks currently in place remain subject to risk of downgrade and the number of qualified replacement banks remains limited. The downgrade of one or more of these banks may subject the Company to additional costs of securing a replacement letter-of-credit bank or could result in an acceleration of payments of up to $538 million in deferred income taxes if replacement banks cannot be obtained.  The deferred taxes are currently recorded in the Company's consolidated financial statements.  See  Note 14, Variable Interest Entities , on pages  65  and  66 , and  Note    12, Income Taxes , on pages  58  through  62 , in  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further information. OUR PENSION AND HEALTH CARE COSTS ARE SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS FACTORS WHICH COULD CAUSE THESE COSTS TO CHANGE.  We have defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all U.S. salaried employees hired prior to July 1, 2004 (or later for certain acquired populations, as described in  Note 18. Retirement Plans , on pages  70  through  77 , in  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ) and substantially all hourly and union employees regardless of hire date. The Company has frozen participation under these plans for U.S. salaried employees, including credited services and compensation on or after January 1, 2019; however, the pension freeze does not affect benefits accrued through December 31, 2018.  We provide retiree health care benefits to certain former U.S. hourly employees, as well as financial assistance towards the cost of individual retiree medical coverage for certain former U.S. salaried employees. Our pension costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual equity market returns, changes in general interest rates and changes in the number of retirees may result in increased pension costs in future periods. Likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could increase pension costs.    OUR PENSION PLANS ARE CURRENTLY UNDERFUNDED ON A PROJECTED BENEFIT OBLIGATION BASIS, AND OVER TIME WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO MAKE CASH PAYMENTS TO THE PLANS, REDUCING THE CASH AVAILABLE FOR OUR BUSINESS.  We record a liability associated with our pension plans equal to the excess of the benefit obligation over the fair value of plan assets. The benefit liability recorded under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits,” at  December 31, 2018  was  $1.8 billion . The amount and timing of future contributions will depend upon a number of factors, including the actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates.  RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS MATERIAL DISRUPTIONS AT ONE OF OUR MANUFACTURING FACILITIES COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.  We operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities. A material disruption at our corporate headquarters or one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting  8 Table of Contents customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial condition. Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: • fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes or other catastrophes; • the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply; • the effect of other severe weather conditions on equipment and facilities; • terrorism or threats of terrorism; • domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to our Company and our business partners, including joint venture partners, around the world; • unscheduled maintenance outages; • prolonged power failures; • an equipment failure; • a chemical spill or release; • explosion of a boiler or other equipment; • damage or disruptions caused by third parties operating on or adjacent to one of our manufacturing facilities; • disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels; • widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis; • labor difficulties; and • other operational problems. Any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned expenditures. If one of these machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and having a negative effect on our business and financial results. CERTAIN OPERATIONS ARE CONDUCTED BY JOINT VENTURES THAT WE CANNOT OPERATE SOLELY FOR OUR BENEFIT.  Certain operations in Russia are carried on by a joint venture, Ilim.  In joint ventures, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may or may not    have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do. In general, joint ventures are intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions. In joint ventures, we are required to pay more attention to our relationship with our co-owners as well as with the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, our relationship may be adversely affected. In addition, the benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, so we receive only our portion of those benefits.  WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS FROM ACQUISITIONS, JOINT VENTURES, DIVESTITURES, CAPITAL INVESTMENTS AND OTHER CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS.   Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accomplish prudent acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, capital investments and other corporate transactions and to realize the benefits we expect from such transactions, and we are subject to the risk that we may not achieve the expected benefits. Among the benefits we expect from potential as well as completed acquisitions and joint ventures are synergies, cost savings, growth opportunities or access to new markets (or a combination thereof), and in the case of divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets to purchasers who  place higher strategic value on such businesses and assets than does International Paper.  In January 2018, for example, we completed a transaction transferring our North American Consumer Packaging business to Graphic Packaging in exchange for, among other things, an equity interest in the combined business of 20.5%. The success of the transaction and the value of our equity interest will depend on variables we do not control, such as the financial performance of the combined business and on the ability of the combined business to realize anticipated growth opportunities, cost savings and other synergies.   WE ARE SUBJECT TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS RELATED TO BREACHES OF SECURITY PERTAINING TO SENSITIVE COMPANY, CUSTOMER, EMPLOYEE AND VENDOR INFORMATION AS WELL AS BREACHES IN THE TECHNOLOGY USED TO  MANAGE OPERATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS PROCESSES.  Our business operations rely upon secure information technology systems for data capture, processing, storage and reporting. Despite careful security and controls design, implementation, updating and independent third party verification, our information technology systems, and those of our third party providers, could become subject to employee error or malfeasance, cyber attacks, or natural disasters. Network, system, application and data  9 Table of Contents breaches could result in operational disruptions or information misappropriation including, but not limited to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access to and misuse of applications required by our customers to conduct business with International Paper. Access to internal applications required to plan our operations, source materials, manufacture and ship finished goods and account for orders could be denied or misused. Theft of intellectual property or trade secrets, and inappropriate disclosure of confidential company, employee, customer or vendor information, could stem from such incidents. Any of these operational disruptions and/or misappropriation of information could result in lost sales, business delays, negative publicity, government enforcement and could have a material effect on our business. RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS WE ARE SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, REGULATIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENT REQUIREMENTS THAT MAY CHANGE IN SIGNIFICANT WAYS, AND THE COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   Our operations are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and other government requirements -- including, among others, those relating to the environment, health and safety, labor and employment, data privacy, tax, trade and health care. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and government requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our operations and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs. For example, we have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that future remediation requirements and compliance with existing and new laws and requirements, including with global climate change laws and regulations, will not require significant expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. We could also incur substantial fines or sanctions, enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures), natural resource damages claims, cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, regulations, codes and common law. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and, in some cases, liability may be imposed without regard to    contribution or to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances. As another example, we are subject to a number of labor and employment laws and regulations that could significantly increase our operating costs and reduce our operational flexibility.  Additionally, we are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and international privacy laws and regulations, including those pertaining to the handling of personal data, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Government authorities around the world are considering, or are in the process of implementing, new data protection regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to uncertain application, interpretation or enforcement standards that could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties, increased operating costs or other impacts on our businesses. As a final example, the application of tax law is subject to interpretation and is subject to audit by taxing authorities. Additionally, administrative guidance can be incomplete or vary from legislative intent, and therefore the application of the tax law is uncertain. While we believe the positions reported by the Company comply with relevant tax laws and regulations, taxing authorities could interpret our application of certain laws and regulations differently.  We are currently subject to tax audits in the U.S., Brazil, Poland, Russia and other taxing jurisdictions around the world.  In some cases, we have appealed and may continue to appeal, assessments by taxing authorities in the court system. As such, tax controversy matters may result in previously unrecorded tax expenses, higher future tax expenses or the assessment of interest and penalties. RESULTS OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  The costs and other effects of pending litigation against us cannot be determined with certainty. Although we do not believe that the outcome of any pending or threatened lawsuits or claims will have a material effect on our business or consolidated financial statements, there can be no assurance that the outcome of any lawsuit or claim will be as expected. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM  2. PROPERTIES FORESTLANDS As of  December 31, 2018 , the Company owned or managed approximately  329,000  acres of forestlands in Brazil, and had, through licenses and forest management agreements, harvesting rights on  10 Table of Contents government-owned forestlands in Russia. All owned lands in Brazil are independently third-party certified for sustainable forestry under the Brazilian National Forest Certification Program (CERFLOR) and  the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). MILLS AND PLANTS A listing of our production facilities by segment, the vast majority of which we own, can be found in  Appendix I  hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Company’s facilities are in good operating condition and are suited for the purposes for which they are presently being used. We continue to study the economics of modernization or adopting other alternatives for higher cost facilities. CAPITAL INVESTMENTS AND DISPOSITIONS Given the size, scope and complexity of our business interests, we continually examine and evaluate a wide variety of business opportunities and planning alternatives, including possible acquisitions and sales or other dispositions of properties. You can find a discussion about the level of planned capital investments for  2019  on page  30 , and dispositions and restructuring activities as of  December 31, 2018 , on pages  21  through  23  of  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and on page  52  and pages  54  and  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .   ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information concerning the Company’s legal proceedings is set forth in  Note 13 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  on pages  62  through  65  of  Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Additionally, in the third quarter of 2018, the Company received a natural resource damages penalty assessment of RUB 18.8 million (approximately $275,000) arising from the Company’s voluntary disclosure of mercury contamination identified in sediment in a river tributary that traverses the site of the Company’s mill in Svetogorsk, Russia. The mercury contamination is associated with a former manufacturing facility located on the Svetogorsk mill site. The Company is cooperating with the Russian government to resolve the matter. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES As of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company’s common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: IP). As of  February 15, 2019 , there were approximately 11,316 record holders of common stock of the Company. The table below presents information regarding the Company’s purchases of its equity securities for the time periods presented. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in billions) October 1, 2018 - October 31, 2018 2,225,310 $ 44.94 2,225,188 $ 2.33 November 1, 2018 - November 30, 2018 1,475,242 45.79 1,474,900 2.27 December 1, 2018 - December 31, 2018 725,363 45.51 712,442 2.23 Total 4,425,915       (a) 13,385 shares were acquired from employees from share withholdings to pay income taxes under the Company’s restricted stock programs.  During these periods, 4,412,530 shares were purchased under our share repurchase program, which was approved by our Board of Directors and announced on July 8, 2014 and October 9, 2018. Through this program, which does not have an expiration date, we were authorized to purchase, in open market transactions (including block trades), privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, up to $3.5 billion aggregate amount of shares of our common stock. As of February 15, 2019, approximately $2.19 billion aggregate amount of shares of our common stock remained authorized for purchase under this program.    11 Table of Contents PERFORMANCE GRAPH The performance graph shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   The following graph compares a $100 investment in Company stock on December 31, 2013 with a $100 investment in our Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) Peer Group and the S&P 500 also made at market close on December 31, 2013. The graph portrays total return, 2013–2018, assuming reinvestment of dividends. Note 1.      The companies included in the ROIC Peer Group are Domtar Inc., Fibria Celulose S.A., Graphic Packaging Holding Company, Klabin S.A., Metsa Board Corporation, Mondi Group, Packaging Corporation of America, Smurfit Kappa Group, Stora Enso Group, and UPM-Kymmene Corp. MeadWestvaco Corp. and Rock-Tenn Company are included in the ROIC Peer Group results through 2014 and subsequently, after the merger of those companies, WestRock was added to the Peer group beginning in 2015. Note 2. Returns are calculated in $USD. 12 Table of Contents ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY (a)  Dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts and stock prices 2018   2017   2016   2015   2014   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                     Net sales $ 23,306    $ 21,743    $ 19,495    $ 20,675    $ 21,889    Costs and expenses, excluding interest 20,989    20,323    18,180    18,988    20,548    Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 1,781 (b)    848 (e)   795 (h)     1,132 (k)   734 (n)     Equity earnings (loss), net of taxes 336    177    198   117    (200 )    Discontinued operations, net of taxes 345 (c)    34 (f)   102 (i)   85 (l)   77 (o)   Net earnings (loss) 2,017 (b-d)     2,144 (e-g)     902 (h-j)   917 (k-m)     536 (n-p)     Noncontrolling interests, net of taxes 5    —    (2 )    (21 )    (19 )    Net earnings (loss) attributable to International Paper Company 2,012 (b-d)     2,144 (e-g)   904 (h-j)   938 (k-m)     555 (n-p)     FINANCIAL POSITION                     Current assets less current liabilities $ 2,302    $ 3,175    $ 2,601    $ 2,244    $ 2,719    Plants, properties and equipment, net 13,067    13,265    13,003    11,000    11,794    Forestlands 402    448    456    366    507    Total assets 33,576    33,903    33,093    30,271    28,369    Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt 639    311    239    426    742    Long-term debt 10,015    10,846    11,075    8,844    8,584    Total shareholders’ equity 7,362    6,522    4,341    3,884    5,115    BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 4.07    $ 5.11    $ 1.95    $ 2.05   $ 1.12    Discontinued operations 0.84    0.08    0.25    0.20   0.18   Net earnings (loss) 4.91    5.19    2.20    2.25   1.30   DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 4.02    $ 5.05    $ 1.93    $ 2.03   $ 1.10    Discontinued operations 0.83    0.08    0.25    0.20   0.19   Net earnings (loss) 4.85    5.13    2.18    2.23   1.29    Cash dividends 1.925    1.863    1.783    1.640    1.450    COMMON STOCK PRICES                     High $ 66.94    $ 58.96    $ 54.68    $ 57.90    $ 55.73    Low 37.55    49.60    32.50    36.76    44.24    Year-end 40.36    57.94    53.06    37.70    53.58    FINANCIAL RATIOS                     Current ratio 1.5    1.6    1.6    1.6    1.5    Total debt to capital ratio 0.59    0.63    0.72    0.70    0.65    Return on shareholders’ equity 28.4 % 43.9 % 22.1 % 20.0 % 7.7 % CAPITAL EXPENDITURES $ 1,572    $ 1,391    $ 1,348    $1,487    $1,366    NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES 53,000    56,000    55,000    56,000    58,000      13 Table of Contents FINANCIAL GLOSSARY Current ratio— current assets divided by current liabilities. Total debt to capital ratio— long-term debt plus notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt divided by long-term debt, notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt and total shareholders’ equity. Return on shareholders’ equity— net earnings attributable to International Paper Company divided by average shareholders’ equity (computed monthly). FOOTNOTES TO FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY   (a) All prior periods presented have been restated to reflect the North American Consumer Packaging business and the xpedx business as discontinued operations (excluding cash flow related items) and prior period amounts have been adjusted to conform with current year presentation, if applicable.  2018: (b)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2018 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Smurfit-Kappa acquisition proposal costs   12   9 Legal settlement   9   7 Litigation settlement recovery   (5 )   (4 ) Environmental remediation reserve adjustment   9   7 EMEA Packaging optimization   47   34 Abandoned property removal   32   24 Riverdale mill conversion costs   9   7 Brazil Packaging impairment   122   81 Debt extinguishment costs   10   7 Gain on sale of investment in Liaison Technologies   (31 )   (23 ) Total special items   $ 214   $ 149 Non-operating pension expense   494   371 Total   $ 708   $ 520 (c)   Includes the following charges (gains):     2018 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax North American Consumer Packaging transaction costs   25   19 North American Consumer Packaging gain on transfer   (488 )   (364 ) Total   $ (463 )   $ (345 )   (d)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2018 State income tax legislative changes   $ 9 Tax benefit of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act   (36 ) International investment restructuring   19 Foreign tax audits   25 Total   $ 17 2017: (e)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen   $ (14 )   $ (9 ) Costs associated with the pulp business acquired in 2016   33   20 Amortization of Weyerhaeuser inventory fair value step-up   14   8 Holmen bargain purchase gain   (6 )   (6 ) Abandoned property removal   20   13 Kleen Products settlement   354   219 Asia Foodservice sale   9   4 Brazil Packaging wood supply accelerated amortization   10   7 Debt extinguishment costs   83   51 Interest income on income tax refund claims   (5 )   (3 ) Other items   (2 )   (2 ) Total special items   $ 496   $ 302 Non-operating pension expense   484   298 Total   $ 980   $ 600 (f)     Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business for the full year. Also includes the following charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax North American Consumer Packaging transaction costs   $ 17   $ 10 Non-operating pension expense   45   28 Total   $ 62   $ 38 (g)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2017 International legal entity restructuring   $ 34 Income tax refund claims   (113 ) Cash pension contribution   38 International tax law change   9 Tax benefit of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act   (1,222 ) Total   $ (1,254 ) 14 Table of Contents 2016: (h)   Includes the following charges (gains):     2016 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Riegelwood mill conversion costs   $ 9   $ 6 India Packaging evaluation write-off   17   11 Write-off of certain regulatory pre-engineering costs   8   5 Early debt extinguishment costs   29   18 Costs associated with the newly acquired pulp business   31   21 Asia Box impairment / restructuring   70   58 Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical    (8 )   (5 ) Turkey mill closure   7   6 Amortization of Weyerhaeuser inventory fair value step-up   19   11 Total special items   $ 182   $ 131 Non-operating pension expense   610   375 Total   $ 792   $ 506 (i)       Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business for the full year.  Also includes the following charges (gains):     2016 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax xpedx legal settlement   $ 8   $ 5 Total   $ 8   $ 5 (j)    Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2016 Cash pension contribution   $ 23 U.S. Federal audit   (14 ) Brazil goodwill   (57 ) International legal entity restructuring   (6 ) Luxembourg tax rate change   31 Total   $ (23 )   2015: (k)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2015 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Riegelwood mill conversion costs, net of proceeds from sale of the Carolina Coated Bristols brand   $ 8   $ 4 Timber monetization restructuring   16   10 Early debt extinguishment costs   207   133 IP-Sun JV impairment   174   180 Legal reserve adjustment   15   9 Refund and state tax credits   (4 )   (2 ) Impairment of Orsa goodwill and trade name intangible   137   137 Other items   6   5 Total special items   $ 559   $ 476 Non-operating pension expense   258   157 Total   $ 817   $ 633 (l)     Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business for the full year .  (m)  Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2015 IP-Sun JV impairment   $ (67 ) Cash pension contribution   23 Other items   7 Total   $ (37 ) 2014: (n)    Includes the following charges (gains):     2014 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax Temple-Inland integration   $ 16   $ 10 Courtland mill shutdown   554   338 Early debt extinguishment costs   276   169 India legal contingency resolution   (20 )   (20 ) Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability   35   21 Foreign tax amnesty program   32   17 Asia Industrial Packaging goodwill impairment   100   100 Loss on sale by investee and impairment of investment   47   36 Other items   12   9 Total special items   $ 1,052   $ 680 Non-operating pension expense   212   129 Total   $ 1,264   $ 809 15 Table of Contents (o)    Includes the operating earnings of the  North American Consumer Packaging business and the xpedx business prior to the spin-off, and the following charges (gains):     2014 In millions   Before Tax   After Tax xpedx spinoff   $ 24   $ 16 Building Products divestiture   16   9 xpedx restructuring   1   (1 ) Total   $ 41   $ 24   (p)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits): In millions   2014 State legislative tax change   $ 10 Internal restructuring   (90 ) Other items   (1 ) Total   $ (81 ) 16 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Full-year 2018 net earnings were $2.0 billion ($4.85 per diluted share) compared with net earnings of $2.1 billion ($5.13 per diluted share) for full-year 2017. Full-year 2017 net earnings included a provisional net tax benefit of $1.2 billion ($2.93 per diluted share) related to the U.S. enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 reported as a special item. International Paper delivered strong earnings, returns and cash generation in 2018, driven by solid commercial and operational performance across our three businesses. Business segment operating profit improved by approximately $800 million to $2.9 billion in 2018, driven primarily by price and mix improvements, with revenue growth of 7.2%. We continued to grow value for our shareholders with a return which was significantly above our cost of capital and marks our ninth consecutive year with value-creating returns. The Company made strategic investments to strengthen our businesses. Among these, we completed the final phase of our multi-year North American containerboard mill system optimization projects, which gives us the added flexibility we need around capacity, products and geographies. We also invested in our North American corrugated packaging system to enhance our capabilities and strengthen our position with the fastest growing segments. In our EMEA Packaging business, we completed the conversion of the Madrid, Spain mill and started production of high-performance, lightweight recycled containerboard to capture the integrated margin with our EMEA box system. International Paper continued to deliver strong cash generation in 2018, which we used to strengthen our balance sheet and return cash to shareholders. We decreased balance sheet debt by about $500 million, and we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through dividends of about $800 million and share repurchases of about $700 million. The Company increased its dividend for the seventh consecutive year and reduced shares outstanding by 3%. The Company’s 2018 results include significant price and mix improvements driven by price realization across our three business segments. Improved mix contributed to the Company’s strong performance, particularly in our Global Cellulose Fibers business where we continued to grow fluff pulp volume. Weather events in North America and startup costs associated with the Madrid, Spain mill negatively impacted operations, and planned maintenance outages were higher. Input costs increased in 2018, driven by higher wood fiber, chemicals, distribution and energy costs, and were partially offset by lower recovered fiber costs. Equity earnings increased    by $159 million to $336 million in 2018, driven by excellent commercial and operational performance in our Ilim joint venture and first-year equity earnings from Graphic Packaging International Partners, LLC (GPIP). In total, our equity investments provided $153 million in cash dividends to International Paper in 2018. Looking ahead to the first quarter 2019, domestic industry conditions remain healthy. We anticipate lower seasonal demand in North America Industrial Packaging and Brazil Papers, as well as lower export volume in Industrial Packaging, as customer destocking continues. In Global Cellulose Fibers we anticipate lower volume due to slower growth in developing markets and customer destocking, as well as a temporary setback in fluff pulp volume resulting from poor execution of a mix improvement plan. Consequently, we expect downward pressure on export price and mix in Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers during the first quarter. Operating costs are expected to increase in our three business segments due to lower volume, higher seasonal energy consumption and timing of spending. In addition, planned maintenance outage expense is expected to increase significantly as we move from a low-outage fourth quarter to a heavy-outage first quarter, with first-half 2019 representing nearly 80% of total planned maintenance outage expense in 2019. Input costs are expected to be stable in Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers and increase modestly in Printing Papers, mainly due to higher wood costs in North America. Lastly, we expect equity earnings for our Ilim joint venture to remain stable in the first quarter.   Looking to full-year 2019, we remain focused on maximizing value creation for our shareholders. We anticipate meaningful growth in cash generation driven by commercial and operational excellence, lower capital expenditures and higher dividends from our equity investments. We continue to see healthy box demand in North America Industrial Packaging and expect solid demand growth for fluff pulp used in absorbent hygiene products. In Global Cellulose Fibers we expect our fluff pulp volume to recover as we execute on our mix improvement initiatives. In Printing Papers, the business is performing very well and we have good momentum as we move into 2019, with expected price realization from recent price increases. In Europe, the benefits of the Madrid, Spain mill will accelerate through the year. We expect lower planned maintenance outage expense and capital investments of $1.4 billion, which is about $200 million lower than 2018. Our Ilim joint venture is well positioned to thrive through near-term destocking in softwood market pulp in China and we expect to receive about $200 million in cash dividends from the joint venture in 2019. All in, we expect strong cash generation, which we will use to maximize value for our shareholders by strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. We are committed to a strong and  17 Table of Contents competitive dividend and have a $2.2 billion share repurchase authority remaining. Adjusted Operating Earnings and Adjusted Operating Earnings Per Share are non-GAAP measures and are defined as net earnings from continuing operations (a GAAP measure) excluding special items and non-operating pension expense. Net earnings (loss) and Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. The Company calculates Adjusted Operating Earnings by excluding the after-tax effect of non-operating pension expense, items considered by management to be unusual and discontinued operations from the earnings reported under GAAP. Adjusted Operating Earnings Per Share is calculated by dividing Adjusted Operating Earnings by diluted average shares of common stock outstanding. Management uses this measure to focus on on-going operations, and believes that it is useful to investors because it enables them to perform meaningful comparisons of past and present operating results. The Company believes that using this information, along with the most direct comparable GAAP measure, provides for a more complete analysis of the results of operations.  The following are reconciliations of Earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders to Adjusted operating earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders.     2018 2017 2016 Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders $ 2,012 $ 2,144 $ 904 Less - Discontinued operations (gain) loss (345 ) (34 ) (102 ) Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations 1,667 2,110 802 Add back - Non-operating pension expense (income) 494 484 610 Add back - Net special items expense (income) 214 496 182 Income tax effect - Non-operating pension and special items expense (171 ) (1,634 ) (309 ) Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders $ 2,204 $ 1,456 $ 1,285     2018 2017 2016 Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders $ 4.85 $ 5.13 $ 2.18 Less - Discontinued operations (gain) loss per share (0.83 ) (0.08 ) (0.25 ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share from Continuing Operations 4.02 5.05 1.93 Add back - Non-operating pension expense (income) per share 1.19 1.16 1.47 Add back - Net special items expense (income) per share 0.52 1.19 0.44 Income tax effect per share - Non-operating pension and special items expense (0.41 ) (3.91 ) (0.75 ) Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders $ 5.32 $ 3.49 $ 3.09     Three Months Ended December 31, 2018   Three Months Ended September 30, 2018   Three Months Ended December 31, 2017 Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders   $ 316   $ 562   $ 1,460 Less - Discontinued operations (gain) loss   —   —   8 Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations   316   562   1,468 Add back - Non-operating pension expense (income)   429   25   386 Add back - Net special items expense (income)   (15 )   142   106 Income tax effect - Non-operating pension and special items expense   (60 )   (88 )   (1,430 ) Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders   $ 670   $ 641   $ 530     Three Months Ended December 31, 2018   Three Months Ended September 30, 2018   Three Months Ended December 31, 2017 Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders   $ 0.78   $ 1.37   $ 3.50 Less - Discontinued operations (gain) loss per share   —   —   0.02 Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share from Continuing Operations   0.78   1.37   3.52 Add back - Non-operating pension expense (income) per share   1.05   0.06   0.92 Add back - Net special items expense (income) per share   (0.04 )   0.34   0.25 Income tax effect per share - Non-operating pension and special items expense   (0.14 )   (0.21 )   (3.42 ) Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Shareholders   $ 1.65   $ 1.56   $ 1.27 18 Table of Contents Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure is cash provided by operations. Management believes that free cash flow is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it measures the amount of cash generated that is available, after reinvesting in the business, to maintain a strong balance sheet, pay dividends, repurchase stock, service debt and make investments for future growth. It should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for discretionary expenditures. By adjusting for certain items that are not indicative of the Company's ongoing performance, free cash flow also enables investors to perform meaningful comparisons between past and present periods. The Company generated Free Cash Flow of approximately  $1.7 billion ,  $2.0 billion  and  $1.9 billion  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively.  The following are reconciliations of free cash flow to cash provided by operations:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Cash provided by operations $ 3,226 $ 1,757 $ 2,478 Adjustments:       Cash invested in capital projects (1,572 ) (1,391 ) (1,348 ) Cash contribution to pension plan — 1,250 750 Cash payment for Kleen Settlement — 354 — Free Cash Flow $ 1,654 $ 1,970 $ 1,880 In millions Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 Three Months Ended September 30, 2018 Three Months Ended December 31, 2017 Cash provided by operations $ 821 $ 941 $ 1,188 Adjustments:       Cash invested in capital projects (286 ) (357 ) (456 ) Free Cash Flow $ 535 $ 584 $ 732 Results of Operations Business Segment Operating Profits are used by International Paper’s management to measure the earnings performance of its businesses. Management uses this measure to focus on on-going operations and believes that it is useful to investors because it enables them to perform meaningful comparisons of past and present operating results. International Paper believes that using this information, along with net earnings, provides a more complete analysis of the results of operations by year.  Business Segment Operating Profits are defined as earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings, but including    the impact of equity earnings and noncontrolling interests, excluding interest expense, net, corporate items, net, corporate special items, net, and non-operating pension expense. Business Segment Operating Profits are defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission as a non-GAAP financial measure, and are not GAAP alternatives to net income or any other operating measure prescribed by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  International Paper operates in three segments: Industrial Packaging, Global Cellulose Fibers and Printing Papers.  The following table presents a reconciliation of net earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to International Paper Company to its total Business Segment Operating Profit:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Earnings (Loss) From Continuing Operations Attributable to International Paper Company $ 1,667 $ 2,110 $ 802 Add back (deduct)       Income tax provision (benefit) 445 (1,085 ) 193 Equity (earnings) loss, net of taxes (336 ) (177 ) (198 ) Noncontrolling interests, net of taxes 5 — (2 ) Earnings (Loss) From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings 1,781 848 795 Interest expense, net 536 572 520 Noncontrolling interests/equity earnings included in operations (10 ) (2 ) 1 Corporate items, net 67 91 121 Corporate special items, net (income) expense 9 76 55 Non-operating pension expense 494 484 610   $ 2,877 $ 2,069 $ 2,102 Business Segment Operating Profit       Industrial Packaging $ 2,093 $ 1,547 $ 1,741 Global Cellulose Fibers 251 65 (179 ) Printing Papers 533 457 540 Business Segment Operating Profit $ 2,877 $ 2,069 $ 2,102 Business Segment Operating Profits in  2018  included a net loss from special items of $205 million compared with $425 million in  2017  and $127 million in  2016 .   Operationally, compared with 2017, the benefits from higher average sales price realizations and mix ($1.3  billion) and higher sales volumes ($13 million) were  partially offset by higher input costs ($180 million), higher maintenance outage costs ($122 million) and higher operating costs ($472 million).  Corporate items, net, includes operating profits (losses) of previously divested businesses of $0 million in both 2018 and 2017 and $(2) million in 2016. 19 Table of Contents   The principal changes in operating profit by business segment were as follows:   • Industrial Packaging’s profits of $2.1 billion were $546 million higher than in 2017 as the benefits of higher average sales price realizations, net of mix, higher sales volumes and lower input costs were partially offset by higher operating costs and higher maintenance outage costs. In addition, operating profits in 2018 included a charge of $122 million related to the impairment of fixed assets and an intangible asset in our Brazil Packaging business, charges of $47 million related to the optimization of our EMEA Packaging business, charges of $20 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills and income of $5 million related to a litigation settlement recovery. In 2017, operating profits included a charge of $354 million related to the settlement of the Kleen Products anti-trust class action lawsuit, charges of $14 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills, a charge of $10 million for the accelerated amortization of an intangible asset in Brazil and a gain of $6 million for a net bargain purchase gain associated with the 2016 acquisition of Holmen Paper's newsprint mill in Madrid, Spain.  • Global Cellulose Fibers' operating profit of $251 million was $186 million favorable versus 2017 as the benefits of higher average sales price realizations and improved mix were partially offset by lower sales volumes, higher input costs, higher maintenance outage costs and higher operating costs. Operating profits in 2018 included a charge of $11 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills. In 2017, operating earnings included $33 million of costs associated with the acquisition and integration of the pulp business acquired in late 2016 from Weyerhaeuser, a charge of $14 million for the amortization of the remaining inventory fair value adjustment associated with that acquisition and a charge of $4 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills.   • Printing Papers’ profits of $533 million represented a $76 million increase in operating profits from 2017. The benefits from higher average sales price realizations, net of mix, were partially offset by lower sales volumes, higher input costs, higher maintenance outage costs and higher operating costs. Operating profits in 2018 included charges of $9 million associated with the announced conversion of a paper machine at our Riverdale mill to containerboard production and a charge of $1 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills. Op erating profits in 2017 included charges of $2 million for the removal of abandoned property at our mills. Liquidity and Capital Resources For the year ended  December 31, 2018 , International Paper generated  $3.2 billion  of cash flow from operations compared with  $1.8 billion  in  2017  and  $2.5 billion  in  2016 . Cash flow from operations included  $1.25 billion  and  $750 million  of cash pension contributions in 2017 and 2016, respectively. Capital spending for  2018  totaled  $1.6 billion , or  118%  of depreciation and amortization expense. Our liquidity position remains strong, supported by approximately  $2.1 billion  of credit facilities that we believe are adequate to meet future liquidity requirements. Maintaining an investment-grade credit rating for our long-term debt continues to be an important element in our overall financial strategy. We expect another strong year of cash generation in  2019 , which we will use to maximize shareholder value by strengthening our balance sheet, returning meaningful cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and investing organically to grow future cash generation. Capital spending for  2019  is planned at  $1.4 billion , or about  104%  of depreciation and amortization, including approximately  $400 million  of strategic investments. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS While the operating results for International Paper’s various business segments are driven by a number of business-specific factors, changes in International Paper’s operating results are closely tied to changes in general economic conditions in North America, Europe, Russia, Latin America, India, North Africa and the Middle East. Factors that impact the demand for our products include industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels, and movements in currency exchange rates. Product prices are affected by general economic trends, inventory levels, currency exchange rate movements and worldwide capacity utilization. In addition to these  20 Table of Contents revenue-related factors, net earnings are impacted by various cost drivers, the more significant of which include changes in raw material costs, principally wood, recycled fiber and chemical costs; energy costs; freight costs; mill outage costs; salary and benefits costs, including pensions; and manufacturing conversion costs. The following is a discussion of International Paper’s results of operations for the year ended  December 31, 2018 , and the major factors affecting these results compared to  2017  and  2016 . For the year ended  December 31, 2018 , International Paper reported net sales of  $23.3 billion , compared with  $21.7 billion  in  2017  and  $19.5 billion  in  2016 .   International net sales (including U.S. exports) totaled  $8.8 billion  or  38%  of total sales in  2018 . This compares with international net sales of  $8.4 billion  in  2017  and  $6.9 billion  in  2016 . Full year  2018  net earnings attributable to International Paper Company totaled  $2.0 billion  ( $4.85  per diluted share), compared with net earnings of  $2.1 billion  ( $5.13  per diluted share) in  2017  and  $904 million  ( $2.18  per diluted share) in  2016 . Amounts in all periods include the results of discontinued operations. Earnings from continuing operations attributable to International Paper Company after taxes in  2018 , 2017 and 2016 were as follows: In millions 2018   2017   2016   Earnings from continuing operations attributable to International Paper Company $ 1,667 (a) $ 2,110 (b) $ 802 (c) (a) Includes $166 million of net special items charges and $371 million of non-operating pension expense which included a pre-tax charge of $424 million ($318 million after taxes) for a settlement accounting charge associated with an annuity purchase and transfer of pension obligations for approximately 23,000 retirees. (b) Includes $952 million of net special items income which included a provisional net tax benefit of $1.2 billion related to the enactment of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act and $298 million of non-operating pension expense which included a pre-tax charge of $376 million ($232 million after taxes) for a settlement accounting charge associated with an annuity purchase and transfer of pension obligations for approximately 45,000 retirees. (c) Includes $108 million of net special items charges and $375 million of non-operating pension expense which included a pre-tax charge of $439 million ($270 million after taxes) for a settlement accounting charge associated with payments under a term-vested lump sum buyout. Compared with  2017 , the benefits from higher sales volumes, higher average sales price realizations, net of  mix, lower corporate and other costs, lower net interest expense and lower tax expense, were partially offset by higher operating costs, higher input costs and higher maintenance outage costs. In addition,  2018  results    included higher equity earnings, net of taxes, relating to the Company’s investments in Ilim and GPIP.   See  Business Segment Results  on pages  24  through  28  for a discussion of the impact of these factors by segment. Discontinued Operations 2018 : In 2018, discontinued operations included an after-tax gain of $364 million on the transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business and after-tax charges of $19 million for costs associated with the transfer.  2017 :  On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which included its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. International Paper received a 20.5% ownership interest in GPIP, a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company, that holds the assets of the combined business. As a result of this transfer, all prior year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the North American Consumer Packaging business as a discontinued operation. See  Note 8 Divestitures and Impairments  on pages  54  and  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further discussion. Included in discontinued operations were the operating  earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business, an after-tax  charge of $10 million for costs associated with the transfer and an after-tax charge of $28 million for non-operating pension expenses related to curtailment charges and termination benefits in connection with this same transaction. 2016 : In 2016, discontinued operations included the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business and an after-tax charge of $5 million expense associated with a legal settlement related to the xpedx business. 21 Table of Contents Income Taxes A net income tax provision of  $445 million  was recorded for  2018 , including a tax benefit of $36 million to revise our 2017 estimated tax related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, tax expense of $25 million related to foreign tax audits, tax expense of $19 million related to an international investment restructuring and tax expense of $9 million related to state income tax legislative changes. Excluding these items, a $65 million net tax benefit for other special items and a $123 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $616 million, or 25% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings.  A net income tax benefit of  $1.1 billion  was recorded for  2017 , including a provisional net tax benefit of $1.2 billion related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, tax benefits of $113 million related to income tax refund claims, tax expense of $9 million related to an international tax law change, tax expense of $34 million related to international investment restructuring and tax expense of $38 million associated with a cash pension contribution. Excluding these items, a $194 million net tax benefit for other special items and a $186 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $549 million, or 30% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings. A net income tax provision of  $193 million  was recorded for  2016 , including tax benefits of $63 million related to legal entity restructurings, tax expense of $31 million associated with a tax rate change in Luxembourg, tax expense of $23 million associated with a $750 million cash pension contribution, and a tax benefit of $14 million related to the closure of a federal tax audit. Excluding these items, a $51 million net tax benefit for other special items and a $235 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $502 million, or 32% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings. Equity Earnings, Net of Taxes Equity earnings, net of taxes, consisted principally of the Company’s share of earnings from its  50%  investment in Ilim of $290 million, $183 million and $199 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and from its 20.5% ownership interest in GPIP of $46 million in 2018 (see pages  27  and  28 ). Interest Expense and Noncontrolling Interest Net corporate interest expense totaled  $536 million  in  2018 ,  $572 million  in  2017  and  $520 million  in  2016 . Net interest expense in 2017 includes $5 million of interest    income associated with income tax refund claims. The decrease in 2018 compared with 2017 was due to lower average outstanding debt. The increase in 2017 compared with 2016 was due to higher average outstanding debt.  Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were  $5 million  in  2018 , compared with  $0 million  in  2017  and a loss of   $2 million  in  2016 .  The increase in 2018 was primarily due to improved earnings in our India Papers business. Special Items Restructuring and Other Charges, Net International Paper continually evaluates its operations for improvement opportunities targeted to (a) focus our portfolio on our core businesses, (b) realign capacity to operate fewer facilities with the same revenue capability and close high cost facilities, and (c) reduce costs.  During  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , pre-tax restructuring and other charges, net totaling  $29 million ,  $67 million  and  $54 million  were recorded. Details of these charges were as follows: Restructuring and Other, Net             In millions 2018   2017   2016   Business Segments             EMEA Packaging optimization $ 47 (a) $ —   $ —   Riverdale mill paper machine conversion severance reserve 3 (b) —   —   Turkey mill closure —   —   7 (a)   50   —   7   Corporate             Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 15) $ 10   $ 83   $ 29   Gain on sale of investment in Liaison Technologies (31 )   —   —   Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen —   (14 )   —   India Packaging business evaluation write-off —   —   17   Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical —   —   (8 )   Riegelwood mill conversion costs net of proceeds from the sale of Carolina Coated Bristols brand —   —   9   Other Items —   (2 )   —     (21 )   67   47   Total $ 29   $ 67   $ 54   (a) Recorded in the Industrial Packaging business segment. (b) Recorded in the Printing Papers business segment. 22 Table of Contents Other Corporate Special Items In addition, other pre-tax corporate special items totaling  $30 million ,  $0 million  and  $8 million  were recorded in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. Details of these charges were as follows: Other Corporate Items       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Smurfit-Kappa acquisition proposal costs $ 12 $ — $ — Environmental remediation reserve adjustment 9 — — Legal settlement 9 — — Write-off of certain regulatory pre-engineering costs — — 8 Total $ 30 $ — $ 8 Impairments of Goodwill No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in 2018, 2017 or 2016. Net Losses on Sales and Impairments of Businesses Net losses on sales and impairments of businesses included in special items totaled a pre-tax loss of  $122 million  in  2018  related to the impairment of an intangible asset and fixed assets in the Brazil Packaging business, a pre-tax loss of  $9 million  in  2017  related to the write down of the long-lived assets of the Company's Asia foodservice business to fair value and a pre-tax loss of  $70 million  related to severance and the impairment of the IP Asia Packaging business in  2016 . See  Note 8 Divestitures and Impairments  on pages  54  and  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further discussion. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS SEGMENTS International Paper’s business segments discussed below are consistent with the internal structure used to manage these businesses. All segments are differentiated on a common product, common customer basis consistent with the business segmentation generally used in the forest products industry. Industrial Packaging International Paper is the largest manufacturer of containerboard in the United States. Our U.S. production capacity is over 13 million tons annually. Our products include linerboard, medium, whitetop, recycled linerboard, recycled medium and saturating kraft.  About 80% of our production is converted into corrugated boxes and other packaging by our 179 North American container plants. Additionally, we recycle approximately    one million tons of OCC and mixed and white paper through our 18 recycling plants. Our container plants are  supported by regional design centers, which offer total packaging solutions and supply chain initiatives. In EMEA, our operations include one recycled fiber containerboard mill in Morocco, a recycled containerboard mill in Spain and 26 container plants in France, Italy, Spain, Morocco and Turkey. In Brazil, our operations include three containerboard mills and four box plants.  International Paper also produces high quality coated paperboard for a variety of packaging end uses  with 428,000 tons of annual capacity at our mills in Poland and Russia. Global Cellulose Fibers Our cellulose fibers product portfolio includes fluff, market and specialty pulps. International Paper is the largest producer of fluff pulp which is used to make absorbent hygiene products like baby diapers,  feminine care, adult incontinence and other non-woven products. Our market pulp is used for tissue and paper products. We continue to invest in exploring new innovative uses for our products, such as our specialty pulps, which are used for non-absorbent end uses including textiles, filtration, construction material, paints and coatings, reinforced plastics and more. Our products are made in the United States, Canada, France, Poland, and Russia and are sold around the world. International Paper facilities have annual dried pulp capacity of about 4 million metric tons. Printing Papers International Paper is one of the world’s largest producers of printing and writing papers. The primary product in this segment is uncoated papers. This business produces papers for use in copiers, desktop and laser printers and digital imaging. End-use applications include advertising and promotional materials such as brochures, pamphlets, greeting cards, books, annual reports and direct mail. Uncoated papers also produces a variety of grades that are converted by our customers into envelopes, tablets, business forms and file folders. Uncoated papers are sold under private label and International Paper brand names that include  Hammermill, Springhill, Williamsburg, Postmark, Accent, Great White, Chamex, Ballet ,  Rey, Pol, and Svetocopy . The mills producing uncoated papers are located in the United States, France, Poland, Russia, Brazil and India. The mills have uncoated paper production capacity of over 4 million tons annually. Brazilian operations function through International Paper do Brasil, Ltda, which owns or manages approximately 329,000 acres of forestlands in Brazil. 23 Table of Contents Ilim  In October 2007, International Paper and Ilim completed a 50:50 joint venture to operate a pulp and paper business located in Russia. Ilim’s facilities include three paper mills located in Bratsk, Ust-Ilimsk, and Koryazhma, Russia, with combined total pulp and paper capacity of over 3.4 million metric tons. Ilim has  exclusive harvesting rights on timberland and forest areas exceeding 18.9 million acres (7.66 million hectares). GPIP  On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which includes its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to Graphic Packaging International Partners, LLC (GPIP), a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company, in exchange for a  20.5%  ownership interest in GPIP. GPIP subsequently transferred the North American Consumer Packaging business to Graphic Packaging International, LLC (GPI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIP that holds the assets of the combined business.  Products and brand designations appearing in italics are trademarks of International Paper or a related company. BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS The following tables present net sales and operating profit (loss) which is the Company's measure of segment profitability. The tables include a detail of special items in each year, where applicable, in order to show operating profit before special items. Industrial Packaging Demand for Industrial Packaging products is closely correlated with non-durable industrial goods production, as well as with demand for processed foods, poultry, meat and agricultural products. In addition to prices and volumes, major factors affecting the profitability of Industrial Packaging are raw material and energy costs, freight costs, mill outage costs, manufacturing efficiency and product mix.    Industrial Packaging       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 15,900 $ 15,077 $ 14,226 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 2,093 $ 1,547 $ 1,741 Brazil Packaging impairment 122 — — EMEA Packaging optimization 47 — — Litigation settlement recovery (5 ) — — Abandoned property removal 20 14 — Kleen Products anti-trust settlement — 354 — Holmen mill bargain purchase gain — (6 ) — Brazil Packaging wood supply accelerated amortization — 10 — Turkey mill closure — — 7 Asia Packaging restructuring and impairment — — 70 Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 2,277 $ 1,919 $ 1,818 Industrial Packaging   net sales for  2018   increased   5%  to  $15.9 billion  compared with  $15.1 billion  in  2017 , and  12%  compared with  $14.2 billion  in  2016 . Operating profits before special items in  2018  were  19%   higher  than in  2017  and  25%   higher  than in  2016 . Comparing 2018 with 2017, benefits from higher average sales price realizations, net of mix ($712 million), higher sales volumes ($33 million) and lower input costs ($2 million) were partially offset by higher operating costs ($333 million) and higher maintenance outage costs ($56 million).  North American Industrial Packaging In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales (a) $ 14,187 $ 13,329 $ 12,450 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 2,292 $ 1,504 $ 1,757 Litigation settlement recovery (5 ) — — Abandoned property removal 20 14 — Kleen Products anti-trust settlement — 354 — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 2,307 $ 1,872 $ 1,757 (a)    Includes intra-segment sales of $233 million for 2018, $172 million for 2017 and $143 million for 2016. 24 Table of Contents North American Industrial Packaging's   sales volumes increased in 2018 compared with 2017 reflecting higher box shipments, partially offset by lower shipments of containerboard to both the domestic and export markets. In 2018, the business took about 518,000 tons of maintenance downtime compared with about 416,000 tons of total downtime in 2017, of which about 35,000 were non-maintenance downtime and 381,000 were maintenance downtime. Average sales prices were significantly higher for boxes and for containerboard in export markets. Substantially lower input costs for recycled fiber were partially offset by higher costs for wood, energy, chemicals and freight. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $50 million higher in 2018, than in 2017. Operating costs increased due to inflation, distribution costs and weather-related production constraints in early 2018.  Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2019, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, sales volumes for boxes are expected to be seasonally lower despite two more shipping days. Shipments of containerboard to export markets are also expected to decline, reflecting slowing market demand in China and EMEA. Based on pricing to date in the current quarter, average sales prices for boxes are expected to be flat, while average sales prices for export containerboard are expected to be lower. Input costs, primarily for wood and energy, are expected to be higher. Planned maintenance downtime spending should be about $102 million higher. Manufacturing operating costs will be negatively impacted by lower volume and inflation, while distribution costs are also expected to increase. EMEA Industrial Packaging       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 1,355 $ 1,334 $ 1,227 Operating Profit (Loss) $ (120 ) $ 6 $ 15 EMEA Packaging optimization 47 — — Holmen mill net bargain purchase gain — (6 ) — Turkey mill closure — — 7 Operating Profit Before Special Items $ (73 ) $ — $ 22 EMEA Industrial Packaging's  sales volumes in 2018 were lower than in 2017, reflecting weaker market demand for fruit and vegetable boxes in the Euro-zone and slowing economic conditions in Turkey. Average sales margins decreased slightly, as higher containerboard costs were only partially offset by higher sales prices for boxes.  Input costs for energy were flat. Operating costs rose due to inflation and higher costs associated with the new plant in Tangier, Morocco. Earnings were also negatively impacted by the conversion and ramp-up of the Madrid mill.   Entering the first quarter of 2019, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, sales volumes are expected to be seasonally higher. Average sales margins are expected    to reflect the full realization of box price increases and further board cost reductions. Operating costs will benefit from the continued integration of our Madrid mill. Earnings are expected to be favorably impacted by the increased production volumes of recycled containerboard at the Madrid mill.  Brazilian Industrial Packaging       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 232 $ 251 $ 232 Operating Profit (Loss) $ (151 ) $ (35 ) $ (43 ) Brazil Packaging impairment 122 — — Brazil Packaging wood supply accelerated amortization — 10 — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ (29 ) $ (25 ) $ (43 ) Brazilian Industrial Packaging's  sales volumes in 2018 increased,   compared with 2017 for boxes, but this was offset by decreased containerboard shipments.  Average sales margins improved reflecting higher sales prices, partially offset by an unfavorable mix. Input costs increased, primarily for recycled fiber, utilities and chemicals. Operating costs were negatively impacted by inflation, but benefited from lower overhead costs. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $1 million lower in 2018, compared with 2017. In addition, a nationwide truckers' strike during the second quarter negatively impacted operating profit by approximately $3 million.  Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2019, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, sales volumes are expected to be higher, primarily for containerboard. Based on pricing to date in the current quarter, average sales margins are expected to improve. Input costs are expected to be lower for recycled fiber and freight, and operating costs will also be lower. In late 2018, the Company announced that it was exploring strategic options for its Brazil Packaging business. European Coated Paperboard       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 359 $ 335 $ 327 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 72 $ 72 $ 93 European Coated Paperboard's  sales volumes in 2018 compared with 2017, decreased in Europe, but were partially offset by an increase in Russia. Average sales margins were higher in both Russia and Europe, reflecting higher average sales prices and a more favorable mix. Input costs were higher mainly for wood and energy in both regions. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $6 million higher in 2018 than in 2017, primarily at the Kwidzyn mill.  Looking forward to the first quarter of 2019, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, sales volumes are expected to be stable in both Europe and Russia.  25 Table of Contents Average sales margins are expected to be higher in Europe due to a more favorable mix. In Russia, average sales margins should be stable. Input costs are expected to be lower for purchased pulp, wood and energy. Maintenance outage costs should be flat due to no outages in the fourth quarter  and no planned outages in the first quarter.  Asian Industrial Packaging       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ — $ — $ 133 Operating Profit (Loss) $ — $ — $ (81 ) Asia Packaging restructuring and impairment — — 70 Operating Profit Before Special Items $ — $ — $ (11 ) On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the sale of its corrugated packaging business in China and Southeast Asia to Xiamen Bridge Hexing Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise. See  Note 8 Divestitures and Impairments  on pages  54  and  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further discussion of the sale of this business.  Global Cellulose Fibers Demand for Cellulose Fibers products is closely correlated with changes in demand for absorbent hygiene products and is further affected by changes in currency rates that can benefit or hurt producers in different geographic regions. Principal cost drivers include manufacturing efficiency, raw material and energy costs, mill outage costs, and freight costs. Global Cellulose Fibers       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 2,819 $ 2,551 $ 1,092 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 251 $ 65 $ (179 ) Acquisition and integration costs — 33 31 Abandoned property removal 11 4 — Inventory fair value step-up amortization — 14 19 Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 262 $ 116 $ (129 ) Global Cellulose Fibers  results include the net sales and operating profit associated with the pulp business acquired from Weyerhaeuser, from the date of acquisition on December 1, 2016. See  Note 7 Acquisitions and Joint Ventures  on pages  52  through  54  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for additional  information about the acquisition. Net sales for  2018   increased   to  $2.8 billion , compared with  $2.6 billion  in  2017  and  $1.1 billion  in  2016 . Operating profits before special items in  2018  were significantly higher than in both  2017  and  2016 . Comparing 2018 with 2017, benefits from higher average sales price realizations and mix ($328 million) were    partially offset by lower sales volumes ($3 million), higher input costs ($41 million), higher planned maintenance downtime costs ($41 million) and  higher operating costs ($97 million).     Sales volumes in 2018 were about flat with 2017. Sales prices increased across all product lines. Average sales margins also benefited from a favorable product mix reflecting an increase in sales of absorbent pulp. Input costs were higher, primarily for wood and chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $31 million higher in 2018. Operating costs increased due to higher distribution and inventory valuation costs. Hurricane Florence negatively impacted earnings by $38 million, net of insurance proceeds. In Europe and Russia, average sales prices increased significantly. Input costs were higher for wood, energy and chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $10 million higher in 2018 than in 2017, primarily at the Saillat mill. Entering the first quarter of 2019, sales volumes will be lower due to production constraints resulting from planned maintenance outages, softer market demand in developing markets and customer destocking,  as well as a temporary setback in fluff pulp volume resulting from poor execution of a mix improvement plan.  Based on pricing to date in the current quarter, average sales prices are expected to decrease particularly fo softwood pulp in China. Input costs are expected to decrease for chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime costs should be $20 million higher than in the fourth quarter of 2018. Manufacturing operating costs are expected to rise due to lower volume, seasonality and inflation.  In Eu rope and Russia, sales volumes are expected to be lower, while sales margins should be stable.     Printing Papers Demand for Printing Papers products is closely correlated with changes in commercial printing and advertising activity, direct mail volumes and, for uncoated cut-size products, with changes in white-collar employment levels that affect the usage of copy and laser printer paper. Principal cost drivers include manufacturing efficiency, raw material and energy costs, mill outage costs and freight costs. Printing Papers       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 4,375 $ 4,157 $ 4,058 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 533 $ 457 $ 540 Riverdale mill conversion 9 — — Abandoned property removal 1 2 — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 543 $ 459 $ 540 Printing Papers   net sales for  2018  of  $4.4 billion   increased   5% , compared with  $4.2 billion  in  2017 , and  8% ,  compared with  $4.1 billion  in  2016 . Operating profits before special items in  2018  were  18%   higher  than in  26 Table of Contents 2017  and  1%   higher  than in  2016 . Comparing 2018 with 2017, benefits from higher average sales price realizations, net of mix ($309 million), were partially offset by lower sales volumes ($17 million), higher input costs ($141 million), higher planned maintenance downtime costs ($25 million) and higher operating costs ($42 million).  North American Printing Papers       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 1,956 $ 1,833 $ 1,890 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 160 $ 132 $ 236 Riverdale mill conversion 9 — — Abandoned property removal 1 2 — Operating Profit Before Special Items $ 170 $ 134 $ 236 North American Printing Papers'  sales volumes for 2018 were lower than in 2017, primarily due to lower sales to export markets. Average sales margins improved due to sales price increases for both cutsize paper and rolls, net of an unfavorable mix. Input costs were higher for wood and chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $1 million higher in 2018. Operating costs were higher primarily due to inflation and distribution costs, and included $5 million, net of insurance recoveries, related to Hurricane Florence. Entering the first quarter of 2019, sales volumes are expected to be lower due to capacity constraints resulting from planned maintenance outages. Average sales margins should be steady, reflecting the full-quarter impact of late-2018 sales price increases. Operating costs are expected to be higher due to seasonality and inflation. Input costs should be higher, primarily for wood and chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime costs will increase by about $3 million in the 2019 first quarter.  Brazilian Papers       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales (a) $ 978 $ 972 $ 897 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 227 $ 194 $ 173 (a)    Includes intra-segment sales of $13 million for 2018, $24 million for 2017 and $5 million for 2016. Brazilian Papers'  sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in 2018, were lower compared with 2017 in both the domestic and export markets. Average domestic and export sales prices were higher due to the realization of multiple price increases implemented in 2018. Raw material costs increased for pulp, chemicals and energy. Operating costs were negatively impacted by inflation and a nationwide truckers' strike in the second quarter. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $4 million higher in 2018. Looking ahead to 2019, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in   the first quarter are expected to be seasonally weaker in    the domestic market. Average sales margins are expected to decrease as price pressures in the Latin American export markets and an unfavorable mix more than offset the partial realization of announced domestic sales price increases. Input costs are expected to be stable. Maintenance outage costs should be flat due to no outages in the fourth quarter  and no planned outages in the first quarter. European Papers       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 1,252 $ 1,187 $ 1,109 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 129 $ 136 $ 142 European Papers'  sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in 2018 were higher in Russia, but lower in Europe compared with 2017.  Average sales prices increased for uncoated freesheet paper in both regions following price increases implemented in late 2017, and throughout 2018. Input costs were higher for wood, energy, purchased pulp and chemicals. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $20 million higher in 2018, than in 2017, primarily at the Saillat mill.  Entering 2019, sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in the first quarter are expected to increase in Europe, but decrease in Russia. Average sales prices are expected to be higher in Europe due to the continued realization of a fourth-quarter 2018 price increase, and higher in Russia. Input costs should be lower in Europe, mainly for wood and energy, but higher in Russia, primarily for wood and chemicals. Maintenance outage costs should be flat due to no outages in the fourth quarter  and no planned outages in the first quarter. Indian Papers       In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ 202 $ 189 $ 167 Operating Profit (Loss) $ 17 $ (5 ) $ (11 ) Indian Papers'  sales volumes in 2018 were higher than in 2017 due to improved paper machine productivity. Average sales prices also increased.  Input costs were higher for chemicals and recycled fiber, but were partially offset by lower wood costs.  Operating costs were lower in 2018, reflecting improved mill performance efficiencies, while planned maintenance downtime costs were flat compared with 2017. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2019, sales volumes are expected to be slightly higher than in the 2018 fourth quarter.  Based on pricing to date in the current quarter, average sales prices are expected to be stable. Equity Earnings, Net of Taxes – Ilim  International Paper accounts for its investment in Ilim , a separate reportable industry segment, using the equity method of accounting. 27 Table of Contents The Company recorded equity earnings, net of taxes, related to Ilim of $290 million in 2018, compared with earnings of $183 million in 2017, and $199 million in 2016. Operating results recorded in 2018 included an after-tax non-cash foreign exchange loss of $82 million, compared with an after-tax foreign exchange gain of $15 million in 2017 and an after-tax foreign exchange gain of $25 million in 2016, primarily on the remeasurement of Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated net debt. Ilim delivered outstanding performance in 2018, driven largely by higher price realization and strong demand.  Sales volumes for the joint venture increased year over year for shipments to China of softwood pulp and linerboard, but were offset by decreased sales of hardwood pulp to China. Sales volumes in the Russian market increased for softwood pulp and hardwood pulp, but decreased for linerboard. Average sales price realizations were significantly higher in 2018 for sales of softwood pulp, hardwood pulp and linerboard to China and other export markets. Average sales price realizations in Russian markets increased year over year for all products.  Input costs were higher in 2018, primarily for wood, fuel and chemicals. Distribution costs were negatively impacted by tariffs and inflation. The Company received cash dividends from the joint venture of $128 million in 2018, $133 million in 2017 and $58 million in 2016. Entering the first quarter of 2019, sales volumes are expected to be lower than in the fourth quarter of 2018, due to the seasonal slowdown in China and fewer trading days.  Based on pricing to date in the current quarter, average sales prices are expected to decrease for hardwood pulp, softwood pulp and linerboard to China.  Input costs are projected to be relatively flat, while distribution costs are expected to increase. Equity Earnings - GPIP International Paper recorded equity earnings of $46 million on its 20.5% ownership position in GPIP in 2018. The Company received cash dividends from the investment of $25 million in 2018. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Overview A  major factor in International Paper’s liquidity and capital resource planning is its generation of operating cash flow, which is highly sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our major products. While changes in key cash operating costs, such as energy, raw material, mill outage and transportation costs, do have an effect on operating cash generation, we believe that our focus on pricing and cost controls has improved our cash flow generation over an operating cycle.   Cash uses during  2018  were primarily focused on working capital requirements, capital spending, debt reductions and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases under the Company's share repurchase program. Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash provided by operations, including discontinued operations, totaled  $3.2 billion  in  2018 , compared with  $1.8 billion  for  2017 , and  $2.5 billion  for  2016 . Cash used by working capital components (accounts receivable, contract assets and inventory less accounts payable and accrued liabilities, interest payable and other) totaled  $439 million  in  2018 , compared with cash used by working capital components of  $402 million  in  2017 , and cash provided by working capital components of  $71 million  in  2016 .  Investment Activities Including discontinued operations, investment activities in  2018  increased from  2017 , as 2018 included higher capital spending. In 2016, investment activity included the purchase of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business for  $2.2 billion  in cash, the purchase of the Holmen business for $57 million in cash, net of cash acquired, and proceeds from the sale of the Asia Packaging business of $108 million, net of cash divested. The Company maintains an average capital spending target around depreciation and amortization levels, or modestly above, due to strategic plans over the course of an economic cycle. Capital spending was  $1.6 billion  in  2018 , or  118%  of depreciation and amortization, compared with  $1.4 billion  in  2017 , or  98%  of depreciation and amortization, and  $1.3 billion , or  110%  of depreciation and amortization in  2016 . Across our segments, capital spending as a percentage of depreciation and amortization ranged from  69.8%  to  132.1%  in  2018 . The following table shows capital spending for  operations by business segment for the years ended  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , excluding amounts related to discontinued operations of $111 million in 2017 and  $107 million in 2016.   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Industrial Packaging $ 1,061 $ 836 $ 832 Global Cellulose Fibers 183 188 174 Printing Papers 303 235 215 Subtotal 1,547 1,259 1,221 Corporate and other 25 21 20 Capital Spending $ 1,572 $ 1,280 $ 1,241 Capital expenditures in  2019  are currently expected to be about  $1.4 billion , or  104%  of depreciation and amortization, including approximately  $400 million  of strategic investments. 28 Table of Contents Acquisitions and Joint Ventures See  Note 7 Acquisitions and Joint Ventures  on pages  52  through  54  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for a discussion of the Company's acquisitions. Financing Activities Amounts related to early debt extinguishment during the years ended  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016  were as follows: In millions 2018 2017 2016 Debt reductions (a) $ 780 $ 993 $ 266 Pre-tax early debt extinguishment costs (b) 10 83 29 (a) Reductions related to notes with interest rates ranging from  1.57%  to  9.38%  with original maturities from  2018  to  2032  for the years ended December 31,  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 .  (b) Amounts are included in Restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 2018:  Financing activities during 2018 included debt issuances of  $490 million  and retirements of  $1.0 billion  for a net decrease of  $518 million . International Paper utilizes interest rate swaps to change the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and manage interest expense. At December 31, 2018, International Paper had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of  $700 million  and maturities ranging from  2024  to 2026 (see  Note 16 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  67  through  70  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). During 2018, the inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced the effective interest rate from  4.8%  to  4.6% . In June 2018, the borrowing capacity of  the commercial paper program was increased from  $750 million  to  $1.0 billion . Under the terms of the program, individual maturities on borrowings may vary, but may not exceed one year from the date of issuance. Interest bearing notes may be issued either as fixed notes or floating rate notes. As of  December 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016, the Company had  $465 million ,  $180 million  and  $165 million , respectively, outstanding under this program. Other financing activities during 2018 included the net repurchase of approximately 12.3 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock tax withholding. Repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled  $732 million, including $700 million related to shares repurchased under the Company's share repurchase program. On October 9, 2018, the Company announced an authorization to repurchase $2 billion of the Company's common stock to supplement remaining amounts under prior share repurchase authorizations, bringing total    share repurchase authorizations since 2013 to $5.0 billion. The Company will continue to repurchase such shares in open market repurchase transactions. Under the $5.0 billion share repurchase program, the Company has repurchased 58.0 million shares at an average price of $47.68, for a total of approximately $2.8 billion, as of December 31, 2018. In October 2018, International Paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.4750 per share to $0.50 per share, effective for the 2018 fourth quarter. 2017:  Financing activities during 2017 included debt issuances of  $1.9 billion  and retirements of  $1.4 billion  for a net increase of  $483 million . At December 31, 2017, International Paper had no interest rate swap contracts outstanding. During 2017, the inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced the effective interest rate from  5.0%  to  4.7% . In 2017, International Paper issued  $1.0 billion  of  4.35%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2048 . The proceeds from this offering, together with a combination of available cash and other borrowings, were used to make a  $1.25 billion  voluntary cash contribution to the Company's pension plan. In December 2017, International Paper received  $660 million  in cash proceeds from a new loan entered into by International Paper as part of the transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business to a subsidiary of Graphic Packing Holding Company discussed in  Note 8 Divestitures and Impairments  on pages  54  and  55  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). The Company used the cash proceeds, together with available cash, to pay down existing debt of approximately  $900 million  of notes with interest rates ranging from  1.92%  to  9.38%  and original maturities from  2018  to  2021 .  Pre-tax early debt retirement costs of  $83 million  related to the debt repayments, including  $82 million  of cash premiums, are included in Restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017. The  $660 million  term loan was subsequently assumed by a subsidiary of GPIP from International Paper on January 1, 2018, and was classified as Liabilities held for sale at  December 31, 2017 , in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Other financing activities during 2017 included the net issuance of approximately 1.7 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock tax withholding. Payments of restricted stock withholding taxes and repurchases totaled $47 million.  In October 2017, International Paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.4625 per  29 Table of Contents share to $0.4750 per share, effective for the 2017 fourth quarter. 2016:  Financing activities during 2016 included debt issuances of  $3.8 billion  and retirements of  $1.9 billion   for a net increase of  $1.9 billion .  At December 31, 2016, International Paper had no interest rate swap contracts outstanding. During 2016, the amortization of deferred gains on previously terminated swaps had no impact on the weighted average cost of long-term recourse debt. The inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced the effective rate from  5.3%  to  4.8% . In 2016, International Paper issued  $1.1 billion  of  3.00%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2027 , and  $1.2 billion  of  4.40%  senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in  2047 , the proceeds from which were primarily used to fund the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business. In addition, the Company repaid approximately  $266 million  of notes with an interest rate of  7.95%  and an original maturity of  2018 . Pre-tax early debt retirement costs of  $29 million  related to the debt repayments, including the  $31 million  of cash premiums, are included in restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016. In December 2016, International Paper entered into a new  $1.5 billion  contractually committed credit facility that expires in December 2021, and has a facility fee of  0.15%  payable annually. Other financing activities during 2016 included the net repurchase of approximately 0.9 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock tax withholding.  Repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $132 million, including $100 million related to shares repurchased under the Company's share repurchase program. In October 2016, International Paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.44 per share to $0.46 per share, effective for the 2016 fourth quarter. Variable Interest Entities Information concerning variable interest entities is set forth in  Note 14 Variable Interest Entities  on pages  65  and  66  of   Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .   Liquidity and Capital Resources Outlook for  2019   Capital Expenditures and Long-Term Debt International Paper expects to be able to meet projected capital expenditures, service existing debt and meet working capital and dividend requirements during  2019  with current cash balances and cash from operations. Additionally, the Company has existing credit facilities totaling  $2.1 billion  at December 31, 2018. The Company will continue to rely upon debt and capital markets for the majority of any necessary long-term funding not provided by operating cash flows. Funding decisions will be guided by our capital structure planning objectives. The primary goals of the Company’s capital structure planning are to maximize financial flexibility and preserve liquidity while reducing interest expense. The majority of International Paper’s debt is accessed through global public capital markets where we have a wide base of investors. The Company was in compliance with all its debt covenants at  December 31, 2018 , and was well below the thresholds stipulated under the covenants as defined in our credit agreements. Maintaining an investment grade credit rating is an important element of International Paper’s financing strategy. At  December 31, 2018 , the Company held long-term credit ratings of BBB (stable outlook) and Baa2 (stable outlook) by S&P and Moody’s, respectively. Contractual obligations for future payments under existing debt and lease commitments and purchase obligations at  December 31, 2018 , were as follows:   In millions 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Thereafter Debt maturities $ 639 $ 83 $ 441 $ 487 $ 348 $ 8,656 Lease obligations 160 125 77 49 28 118 Purchase obligations (a) 3,211 654 578 487 413 1,857 Total (b) $ 4,010 $ 862 $ 1,096 $ 1,023 $ 789 $ 10,631 (a) Includes  $1.4 billion  relating to fiber supply agreements entered into at the time of the 2006 Transformation Plan forestland sales and in conjunction with the 2008 acquisition of Weyerhaeuser Company’s Containerboard, Packaging and Recycling business. Also includes  $1.1 billion  relating to fiber supply agreements assumed in conjunction with the 2016 acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business. (b) Not included in the above table due to the uncertainty of the amount and timing of the payment are unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $193 million. Also not included in the above table is $206 million of Deemed Repatriation Transition Tax associated with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which will be settled from 2019 - 2026. We consider the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2018 , to be permanently reinvested and, accordingly, no U.S. income taxes have been provided thereon (see  Note 12 Income Taxes  on pages  58  through  62  of I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). We do not anticipate the need to  30 Table of Contents repatriate funds to the United States to satisfy domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business, including liquidity needs associated with our domestic debt service requirements. Pension Obligations and Funding At  December 31, 2018 , the projected benefit obligation for the Company’s U.S. defined benefit plans determined under U.S. GAAP was approximately  $1.7 billion  higher than the fair value of plan assets, excluding non-U.S. plans. Approximately $1.5 billion of this amount relates to plans that are subject to minimum funding requirements. Under current IRS funding rules, the calculation of minimum funding requirements differs from the calculation of the present value of plan benefits (the projected benefit obligation) for accounting purposes. In December 2008, the Worker, Retiree and Employer Recovery Act of 2008 (WERA) was passed by the U.S. Congress which provided for pension funding relief and technical corrections. Funding contributions depend on the funding method selected by the Company, and the timing of its implementation, as well as on actual demographic data and the targeted funding level. The Company continually reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary contributions and elected to make contributions totaling   $1.25 billion  for the year ended December 31, 2017 and $750 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. No voluntary contributions were made in 2018. At this time, we do not expect to have any required contributions to our plans in  2019 , although the Company may elect to make future voluntary contributions. The timing and amount of future contributions, which could be material, will depend on a number of factors, including the actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates.   During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America to purchase a group annuity contract and transfer approximately  $1.6 billion  of International Paper's U.S. qualified pension plan projected benefit obligations, subject to customary closing conditions. The transaction closed on October 2, 2018 and was funded with pension plan assets. Under the transaction, at the end of 2018, Prudential assumed responsibility for pension benefits and annuity administration for approximately  23,000  retirees or their beneficiaries receiving less than  $1,000  in monthly benefit payments from the plan. Settlement accounting rules required a remeasurement of the qualified plan as of October 2, 2018 and the Company recognized a non-cash pension settlement charge of  $424 million  before tax in the fourth quarter of 2018. During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America to purchase a group annuity    contract and transfer approximately  $1.3 billion  of International Paper's U.S. qualified pension plan projected benefit obligations. The transaction closed on October 3, 2017 and was funded with pension plan assets. Under the transaction, at the end of 2017, Prudential assumed responsibility for pension benefits and annuity administration for approximately  45,000  retirees or their beneficiaries receiving less than  $450  in monthly benefit payments from the plan. Settlement accounting rules required a remeasurement of the qualified plan as of October 3, 2017 and the Company recognized a non-cash pension settlement charge of  $376 million  before tax in the fourth quarter of 2017. In addition, large payments from the non-qualified pension plan also required a remeasurement as of October 2, 2017 and a non-cash settlement charge of  $7 million  was also recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017. During the first quarter of 2016, International Paper  announced a voluntary, limited-time opportunity for former employees who are participants in the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (the Pension Plan) to request early payment of their entire Pension Plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. The amount of total payments under this program was approximately $1.2 billion, and were made from Plan trust assets on June 30, 2016.  Based on the level of payments made, settlement accounting rules applied and resulted in a plan remeasurement as of the June 30, 2016 payment date. As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized a pro-rata portion of the unamortized net actuarial loss, after remeasurement, resulting in a $439 million non-cash charge to the Company's earnings in the second quarter of 2016.  Additional payments of $8 million and $9 million were made during the third and fourth quarters, respectively, due to mandatory cash payouts and a small lump sum payout, and the Pension Plan was subsequently remeasured at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016.  As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized non-cash settlement charges of $3 million in both the third and fourth quarters of 2016. Ilim Shareholder’s Agreement In October 2007, in connection with the formation of the Ilim joint venture, International Paper entered into a shareholder’s agreement that includes provisions relating to the reconciliation of disputes among the partners. This agreement provides that at any time, either the Company or its partners may commence procedures specified under the deadlock agreement. If these or any other deadlock procedures under the shareholder's agreement are commenced, although it is not obligated to do so, the Company may in certain situations choose to purchase its partners'   50%  interest in Ilim. Any such transaction would be subject to review and approval by Russian and other relevant anti-trust authorities. Based on the provisions of the agreement, the Company  31 Table of Contents estimates that the current purchase price for its partners' 50% interests would be approximately $2.4 billion, which could be satisfied by payment of cash or International Paper common stock, or some combination of the two, at the Company's option. The purchase by the Company of its partners’ 50% interest in Ilim would result in the consolidation of Ilim's financial position and results of operations in all subsequent periods. The parties have informed each other that they have no current intention to commence procedures specified under the deadlock provisions of the shareholder’s agreement. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires International Paper to establish accounting policies and to make estimates that affect both the amounts and timing of the recording of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Some of these estimates require judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Accounting policies whose application may have a significant effect on the reported results of operations and financial position of International Paper, and that can require judgments by management that affect their application, include the accounting for contingencies, impairment or disposal of long-lived assets and goodwill, pensions and income taxes. The Company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of significant estimates with the Audit and Finance Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors. Contingent Liabilities Accruals for contingent liabilities, including legal,  and environmental matters, are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset impaired and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities accrued for legal matters require judgments regarding projected outcomes and range of loss based on historical experience and recommendations of legal counsel. Liabilities for environmental matters require evaluations of relevant environmental regulations and estimates of future remediation alternatives and costs. The Company utilizes its in-house legal and environmental experts to develop estimates of its legal and environmental obligations, supplemented as needed by third-party specialists to analyze its most complex contingent liabilities. We calculate our workers' compensation reserves based on estimated actuarially calculated development factors. The workers' compensation reserves are reviewed at least quarterly to determine the adequacy of the accruals and related financial statement disclosure. While we believe that our assumptions are appropriate, the ultimate settlement of workers' compensation reserves    may differ significantly from amounts we have accrued in our consolidated financial statements. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill An impairment of a long-lived asset exists when the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, and is recorded when the carrying amount is not recoverable through cash flows from future operations or disposals. A goodwill impairment exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value. Assessments of possible impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill are made when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable through future operations. Additionally, evaluation for possible impairment of goodwill and intangible asset balances is required annually. The amount and timing of any impairment charges based on these assessments may require the estimation of future cash flows or the fair market value of the related assets based on management’s best estimates of certain key factors, including future selling prices and volumes, operating, raw material, energy and freight costs, and various other projected operating economic factors and other intended uses of the assets. As these key factors change in future periods, the Company will update its impairment analysis to reflect its latest estimates and projections. ASU 2011-08, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other," allows entities testing goodwill for impairment the option of performing a qualitative (Step 0) assessment before calculating the fair value of a reporting unit for the goodwill impairment test. If a Step 0 assessment is performed, an entity is no longer required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines that, based on that Step 0 assessment, it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying value.  During 2018, a determination was made that the current carrying value of the long-lived assets of the Brazil Packaging business exceeded their estimated fair value due to a change in the outlook for the business. Management engaged a third party to assist with determining the fair value of the business and the fixed assets. The fair value of the business was calculated using a probability-weighted approach based on discounted future cash flows, market multiples, and transaction multiples and the fair value of the fixed assets was determined using a market approach. As a result, a pre-tax charge of  $122 million  ( $81 million , net of tax) was recorded related to the impairment of an intangible asset and fixed assets. The Company performed its annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments by applying the qualitative Step 0 analysis to its reporting units as of October 1, 2018. For the current year evaluation, the Company assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated  32 Table of Contents fair value of the reporting units. The results of this assessment indicated that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the Company's reporting units were less than the carrying values of the reporting units. In addition, the Company considered whether there were any events or circumstances outside of the annual evaluation that would reduce the fair value of its reporting units below their carrying amounts and necessitate a goodwill impairment evaluation. In consideration of all relevant factors, there were no indicators that would require goodwill impairment subsequent to October 1, 2018. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in 2018, 2017 or 2016. Pension Benefit Obligations The charges recorded for pension benefit obligations are determined annually in conjunction with International Paper’s consulting actuary, and are dependent upon various assumptions including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates, projected future compensation increases and mortality rates. The calculations of pension obligations and expenses require decisions about a number of key assumptions that can significantly affect liability and expense amounts, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate used to calculate plan liabilities. Benefit obligations and fair values of plan assets as of  December 31, 2018 , for International Paper’s pension plan were as follows:   In millions Benefit Obligation Fair Value of Plan Assets U.S. qualified pension $ 10,124 $ 8,735 U.S. nonqualified pension 343 — Non-U.S. pension 215 161 The table below shows assumptions used by  International Paper to calculate U.S. pension obligations for the years shown:   2018 2017 2016 Discount rate 4.30 % 3.60 % 4.10 % Rate of compensation increase 2.25 % 3.75 % 3.75 % International Paper determines these actuarial assumptions, after consultation with our actuaries, on December 31 of each year or more frequently if required, to calculate liability information as of that date and pension expense for the following year. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. The discount rate assumption was determined based on a hypothetical    settlement portfolio selected from a universe of high quality corporate bonds. The expected long-term rate of return on U.S. pension plan assets used to determine net periodic cost for the year ended  December 31, 2018  was  7.50% . Increasing (decreasing) the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets by an additional  0.25 % would decrease (increase)  2019  pension expense by approximately  $22 million , while a (decrease) increase of  0.25 % in the discount rate would (increase) decrease pension expense by approximately  $27 million . Actual rates of return earned on U.S. pension plan assets for each of the last 10 years were:   Year Return Year Return 2018 (3.0 )% 2013 14.1 % 2017 19.3  % 2012 14.1 % 2016 7.1  % 2011 2.5 % 2015 1.3  % 2010 15.1 % 2014 6.4  % 2009 23.8 % The 2012, 2013 and 2014 returns above represent weighted averages of International Paper and Temple-Inland asset returns. International Paper and Temple-Inland assets were combined in October 2014. The annualized time-weighted rate of return earned on U.S. pension plan assets was  6.0%  and  9.8%  for the past five and ten years, respectively. The following graph shows the growth of a $1,000 investment in International Paper’s U.S. Pension Plan Master Trust. The graph portrays the time-weighted rate of return from 2008 – 2018. ASC 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits,” provides for delayed recognition of actuarial gains and losses, including amounts arising from changes in the estimated projected plan benefit obligation due to changes in the assumed discount rate, differences between the actual and expected return on plan assets, and other assumption changes. These net gains and losses are recognized in pension expense prospectively over a period that approximates the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive  33 Table of Contents benefits under the plans to the extent that they are not offset by gains and losses in subsequent years.  Net periodic pension plan expenses, calculated for all of International Paper’s plans, were as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Pension expense       U.S. plans $ 632 $ 717 $ 809 $ 461 $ 387 Non-U.S. plans 4 5 4 6 — Net expense $ 636 $ 722 $ 813 $ 467 $ 387 The decrease in 2018 pension expense primarily reflects lower interest cost on a lower 2018 projected benefit obligation along with the current year absence of a curtailment loss and special termination benefits associated with the North American Consumer Packaging transaction, partially offset by a higher settlement loss in the current year associated with the October 2018 annuity purchase transaction.  Assuming that discount rates, expected long-term returns on plan assets and rates of future compensation increases remain the same as of December 31,  2018 , projected future net periodic pension plan expenses would be as follows:   In millions 2020 2019 Pension expense     U.S. plans $ 88 $ 103 Non-U.S. plans 4 4 Net expense $ 92 $ 107 The Company estimates that it will record net pension expense of approximately  $103 million  for its U.S. defined benefit plans in  2019 , compared to expense of  $632 million  in  2018 . The 2018 expense includes  $424 million  of settlement accounting charges. Excluding these settlement charges, the estimated decrease in net pension expense in 2019 is primarily due to lower amortization of actuarial losses and lower service cost partially offset by lower asset returns due to the annuity purchase and a decrease in the expected long-term  return on asset assumption from 7.50% in 2018 to 7.25% in 2019. The market value of plan assets for International Paper’s U.S. qualified pension plan at  December 31, 2018  totaled approximately  $8.7 billion , consisting of approximately  32%  equity securities,  51%  debt securities,  11%  real estate funds and  6%  other assets.  The Company’s funding policy for its qualified pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that the Company may determine to be appropriate considering the funded status of the plan, tax deductibility, the cash flows generated by the Company, and other factors. The Company continually reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary contributions and    could elect to make voluntary contributions in the future. There are no required contributions to the U.S. qualified plan in 2019. The nonqualified defined benefit plans are funded to the extent of benefit payments, which totaled  $29 million  for the year ended  December 31, 2018 . Income Taxes International Paper records its global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which it operates. Where the Company believes that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in its income tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, liabilities are recorded based upon the Company’s evaluation of the “more likely than not” outcome considering technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and facts of each matter. Changes to recorded liabilities are only made when an identifiable event occurs that changes the likely outcome, such as settlement with the relevant tax authority, the expiration of statutes of limitation for the subject tax year, change in tax laws, or recent court cases that are relevant to the matter. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Significant judgment is required in evaluating the need for and magnitude of appropriate valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. The realization of these assets is dependent on generating future taxable income, as well as successful implementation of various tax planning strategies. While International Paper believes that these judgments and estimates are appropriate and reasonable under the circumstances, actual resolution of these matters may differ from recorded estimated amounts. RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS See  Note 2 Recent Accounting Developments  on pages  47  and  48  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information concerning the Company’s environmental and legal proceedings is set forth in  Note 13 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  on pages  62  through  65  of  Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . EFFECT OF INFLATION While inflationary increases in certain input costs, such as energy, wood fiber and chemical costs, have an impact on the Company’s operating results, changes in general inflation have had minimal impact on our operating results  34 Table of Contents in each of the last three years. Sales prices and volumes are more strongly influenced by economic supply and demand factors in specific markets and by exchange rate fluctuations than by inflationary factors. FOREIGN CURRENCY EFFECTS International Paper has operations in a number of countries. Its operations in those countries also export to, and compete with, imports from other regions. As such, currency movements can have a number of direct and indirect impacts on the Company’s financial statements. Direct impacts include the translation of international operations’ local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars and the remeasurement impact associated with non-functional currency financial assets and liabilities. Indirect impacts include the change in competitiveness of imports into, and exports out of, the United States (and the impact on local currency pricing of products that are traded internationally). In general, a weaker U.S. dollar and stronger local currency is beneficial to International Paper. The currencies that have the most impact are the Euro, the Brazilian real, the Polish zloty and the Russian ruble. MARKET RISK We use financial instruments, including fixed and variable rate debt, to finance operations, for capital spending programs and for general corporate purposes. Additionally, financial instruments, including various derivative contracts, are used to hedge exposures to interest rate, commodity and foreign currency risks. We do not use financial instruments for trading purposes. Information related to International Paper’s debt obligations is included in  Note 15 Debt and Lines of Credit  on pages  66  and  67  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . A discussion of derivatives and hedging activities is included in  Note 16 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  67  through  70  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The fair value of our debt and financial instruments varies due to changes in market interest and foreign currency rates and commodity prices since the inception of the related instruments. We assess this market risk utilizing a sensitivity analysis. The sensitivity analysis measures the potential loss in earnings, fair values and cash flows based on a hypothetical 10% change (increase and decrease) in interest and currency rates and commodity prices. Interest Rate Risk Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to short- and long-term debt obligations and investments in marketable securities. We invest in    investment-grade securities of financial institutions and money market mutual funds with a minimum rating of AAA and limit exposure to any one issuer or fund. Our investments in marketable securities at  December 31, 2018  and  2017  are stated at cost, which approximates market due to their short-term nature. Our interest rate risk exposure related to these investments was not material. We issue fixed and floating rate debt in a proportion that management deems appropriate based on current and projected market conditions. Derivative instruments, such as, interest rate swaps, may be used to execute this strategy. At  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , the fair value of the net liability of financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately  $9.2 billion  and  $11.1 billion , respectively. The potential decline in fair value resulting from a 10% adverse shift in quoted interest rates would have been approximately  $538 million  and  $679 million  at  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , respectively. Commodity Price Risk The objective of our commodity exposure management is to minimize volatility in earnings due to large fluctuations in the price of commodities. Commodity swap or forward purchase contracts may be used to manage risks associated with market fluctuations in energy prices.  Foreign Currency Risk International Paper transacts business in many currencies and is also subject to currency exchange rate risk through investments and businesses owned and operated in foreign countries. Our objective in managing the associated foreign currency risks is to minimize the effect of adverse exchange rate fluctuations on our after-tax cash flows. We address these risks on a limited basis by entering into cross-currency and interest rate swaps, or foreign exchange contracts. At  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , the net fair value of financial instruments with exposure to foreign currency risk was approximately a  $8 million  liability and a  $10 million  asset, respectively.  The potential loss in fair value for such financial instruments from a 10% adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates would have been approximately  $29 million  at both  December 31, 2018  and  2017 . ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK See the preceding discussion and  Note 16 Derivatives and Hedging Activities  on pages  67  through  70  of  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 35 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON: Financial Statements The management of International Paper Company is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in this annual report and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America considered appropriate in the circumstances to present fairly the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows on a consistent basis. Management has also prepared the other information in this annual report and is responsible for its accuracy and consistency with the consolidated financial statements. As can be expected in a complex and dynamic business environment, some financial statement amounts are based on estimates and judgments. Even though estimates and judgments are used, measures have been taken to provide reasonable assurance of the integrity and reliability of the financial information contained in this annual report. We have formed a Disclosure Committee to oversee this process. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by the independent registered public accounting firm Deloitte & Touche LLP. During its audits, Deloitte & Touche LLP was given unrestricted access to all financial records and related data, including minutes of all meetings of stockholders and the board of directors and all committees of the board. Management believes that all representations made to the independent auditors during their audits were valid and appropriate. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of International Paper Company is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes. All internal control systems have inherent limitations, including the possibility of circumvention and overriding of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives. The Company’s internal control system is supported by written policies and procedures, contains    self-monitoring mechanisms, and is audited by the internal audit function. Appropriate actions are taken by management to correct deficiencies as they are identified. The Company has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2018 . In making this assessment, it used the criteria described in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of  December 31, 2018 , the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, has issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The report appears on pages  38  and  39 . Internal Control Environment And Board Of Directors Oversight Our internal control environment includes an enterprise-wide attitude of integrity and control consciousness that establishes a positive “tone at the top.” This is exemplified by our ethics program that includes long-standing principles and policies on ethical business conduct that require employees to maintain the highest ethical and legal standards in the conduct of International Paper business, which have been distributed to all employees; a toll-free telephone helpline whereby any employee may anonymously report suspected violations of law or International Paper’s policy; and an office of ethics and business practice. The internal control system further includes careful selection and training of supervisory and management personnel, appropriate delegation of authority and division of responsibility, dissemination of accounting and business policies throughout International Paper, and an extensive program of internal audits with management follow-up. The Board of Directors, assisted by the Audit and Finance Committee (Committee), monitors the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and financial reporting procedures, the performance of the Company’s internal audit function and independent auditors, and other matters set forth in its charter. The Committee, which consists of independent directors, meets regularly with representatives of management, and with the independent auditors and the Internal Auditor, with and without management representatives in attendance, to review their activities. The Committee’s Charter takes into account the New York Stock Exchange rules relating to Audit Committees and the SEC rules and regulations promulgated as a result of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Committee has  36 Table of Contents reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  December 31, 2018 , including critical accounting policies and significant management judgments, with management and the independent auditors. The Committee’s report recommending the inclusion of such financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be set forth in our Proxy Statement.   MARK S. SUTTON CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   TIMOTHY S. NICHOLLS SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 37 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of International Paper Company:  Opinion on the Financial Statements  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of International Paper Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 20, 2019, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included    evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Memphis, Tennessee February 20, 2019   We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002.  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM, ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of International Paper Company: Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of International Paper Company and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, of the Company, and our report dated February 20, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities  38 Table of Contents laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Memphis, Tennessee February 20, 2019   39 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS   In millions, except per share amounts, for the years ended December 31 2018 2017 2016 NET SALES $ 23,306 $ 21,743 $ 19,495 COSTS AND EXPENSES       Cost of products sold  15,555 14,802 13,419 Selling and administrative expenses 1,723 1,621 1,458 Depreciation, amortization and cost of timber harvested 1,328 1,343 1,124 Distribution expenses 1,567 1,434 1,237 Taxes other than payroll and income taxes 171 169 154 Restructuring and other charges, net 29 67 54 Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses 122 9 70 Litigation settlement — 354 — Net bargain purchase gain on acquisition of business — (6 ) — Interest expense, net 536 572 520 Non-operating pension expense 494 530 664 EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY EARNINGS (LOSSES) 1,781 848 795 Income tax provision (benefit) 445 (1,085 ) 193 Equity earnings (loss), net of taxes 336 177 198 EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 1,672 2,110 800 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 345 34 102 NET EARNINGS (LOSS) 2,017 2,144 902 Less: Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 5 — (2 ) NET EARNINGS (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY $ 2,012 $ 2,144 $ 904 BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS       Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 4.07 $ 5.11 $ 1.95 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 0.84 0.08 0.25 Net earnings (loss) $ 4.91 $ 5.19 $ 2.20 DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS       Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 4.02 $ 5.05 $ 1.93 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 0.83 0.08 0.25 Net earnings (loss) $ 4.85 $ 5.13 $ 2.18 AMOUNTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS       Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 1,667 $ 2,110 $ 802 Discontinued operations, net of taxes 345 34 102 Net earnings (loss) $ 2,012 $ 2,144 $ 904   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 40 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) In millions for the years ended December 31 2018 2017 2016 NET EARNINGS (LOSS) $ 2,017 $ 2,144 $ 902 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX       Amortization of pension and postretirement prior service costs and net loss:       U.S. plans (less tax of $196, $280 and $343) 588 486 545    Non-U.S. plans (less tax of $0, $0 and $0) 1 — — Pension and postretirement liability adjustments:       U.S. plans (less tax of $6, $69 and $283) 18 56 (451 ) Non-U.S. plans (less tax of $1, $1 and $4) 4 3 3 Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment (less tax of $1, $0 and $0) (473 ) 177 260 Net gains/losses on cash flow hedging derivatives:       Net gains (losses) arising during the period (less tax of $5, $4 and $3) (10 ) 15 (6 ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net earnings (less tax of $1, $2 and $3) 2 (7 ) (7 ) TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX 130 730 344 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 2,147 2,874 1,246 Net (Earnings) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests (5 ) — 2 Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 3 (1 ) 2 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY $ 2,145 $ 2,873 $ 1,250 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 41 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET     In millions, except per share amounts, at December 31 2018 2017 ASSETS     Current Assets     Cash and temporary investments $ 589 $ 1,018 Accounts and notes receivable (less allowances of $81 in 2018 and $73 in 2017) 3,521 3,287 Contract assets 395 — Inventories 2,241 2,313 Assets held for sale — 1,377 Other current assets 250 282 Total Current Assets 6,996 8,277 Plants, Properties and Equipment, net 13,067 13,265 Forestlands 402 448 Investments 1,648 390 Financial Assets of Special Purpose Entities (Note 14) 7,070 7,051 Goodwill 3,374 3,411 Deferred Charges and Other Assets 1,019 1,061 TOTAL ASSETS $ 33,576 $ 33,903 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY     Current Liabilities     Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt $ 639 $ 311 Accounts payable 2,413 2,458 Accrued payroll and benefits 535 485 Liabilities held for sale — 805 Other accrued liabilities 1,107 1,043 Total Current Liabilities 4,694 5,102 Long-Term Debt 10,015 10,846 Nonrecourse Financial  Liabilities of Special Purpose Entities (Note 14) 6,298 6,291 Deferred Income Taxes 2,600 2,291 Pension Benefit Obligation 1,762 1,939 Postretirement and Postemployment Benefit Obligation 264 326 Other Liabilities 560 567 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 13) Equity     Common stock $1 par value, 2018  -  448.9 shares & 2017 - 448.9 shares 449 449 Paid-in capital 6,280 6,206 Retained earnings 7,465 6,180 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,500 ) (4,633 )   9,694 8,202 Less: Common stock held in treasury, at cost, 2018 – 48.310 shares and 2017 – 35.975 shares 2,332 1,680 Total International Paper Shareholders’ Equity 7,362 6,522 Noncontrolling interests 21 19 Total Equity 7,383 6,541 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY $ 33,576 $ 33,903   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 42 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   In millions for the years ended December 31 2018 2017 2016 OPERATING ACTIVITIES       Net earnings (loss)  $ 2,017 $ 2,144 $ 902 Depreciation, amortization, and cost of timber harvested 1,328 1,423 1,227 Deferred income tax provision (benefit), net 133 (1,113 ) 136 Restructuring and other charges, net 29 67 54 Pension plan contributions — (1,250 ) (750 ) Periodic pension expense, net 632 717 809 Net gain on transfer of North American Consumer Packaging business (488 ) — — Net bargain purchase gain on acquisition of business — (6 ) — Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses 122 9 70 Equity method dividends received 153 133 58 Equity (earnings) losses, net  (336 ) (177 ) (198 ) Other, net 75 212 99 Changes in current assets and liabilities       Accounts and notes receivable (342 ) (370 ) (94 ) Contract assets (32 ) — — Inventories (236 ) (87 ) 11 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 151 114 98 Interest payable (8 ) 1 41 Other 28 (60 ) 15 CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 3,226 1,757 2,478 INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES       Invested in capital projects (1,572 ) (1,391 ) (1,348 ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (8 ) (45 ) (2,228 ) Net settlement on transfer of North American Consumer Packaging business (40 ) — — Proceeds from divestitures, net of cash divested — 4 108 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 23 26 19 Other 28 15 (49 ) CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (1,569 ) (1,391 ) (3,498 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES       Repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock tax withholding (732 ) (47 ) (132 ) Issuance of debt 490 1,907 3,830 Reduction of debt (1,008 ) (1,424 ) (1,938 ) Change in book overdrafts (1 ) 26 — Dividends paid (789 ) (769 ) (733 ) Net debt tender premiums paid (6 ) (84 ) (31 ) Other — (8 ) (14 ) CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (2,046 ) (399 ) 982 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash (40 ) 18 21 Change in Cash and Temporary Investments (429 ) (15 ) (17 ) Cash and Temporary Investments       Beginning of the period 1,018 1,033 1,050 End of the period $ 589 $ 1,018 $ 1,033   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 43 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY In millions Common Stock Issued Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total International Paper Shareholders’ Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 2016 $ 449 $ 6,243 $ 4,649 $ (5,708 ) $ 1,749 $ 3,884 $ 25 $ 3,909 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — (6 ) — — (128 ) 122 — 122 Repurchase of stock — — — — 132 (132 ) — (132 ) Dividends — — (743 ) — — (743 ) — (743 ) Transactions of equity method investees — (48 ) — — — (48 ) — (48 ) Divestiture of noncontrolling interests — — — — — — (3 ) (3 ) Other — — 8 — — 8 — 8 Comprehensive income (loss) — — 904 346 — 1,250 (4 ) 1,246 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2016 449 6,189 4,818 (5,362 ) 1,753 4,341 18 4,359 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — 42 — — (120 ) 162 — 162 Repurchase of stock — — — — 47 (47 ) — (47 ) Dividends — — (782 ) — — (782 ) — (782 ) Transactions of equity method investees — (25 ) — — — (25 ) — (25 ) Comprehensive income (loss) — — 2,144 729 — 2,873 1 2,874 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2017 449 6,206 6,180 (4,633 ) 1,680 6,522 19 6,541 Adoption of ASC 606 revenue from contracts with customers — — 73 — — 73 — 73 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — 62 — — (80 ) 142 — 142 Repurchase of stock — — — — 732 (732 ) — (732 ) Dividends — — (800 ) — — (800 ) — (800 ) Transactions of equity method investees — 12 — — — 12 — 12 Comprehensive income (loss) — — 2,012 133 — 2,145 2 2,147 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2018 $ 449 $ 6,280 $ 7,465 $ (4,500 ) $ 2,332 $ 7,362 $ 21 $ 7,383 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 44 Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES NATURE OF BUSINESS International Paper (the Company) is a global paper and packaging company with primary markets and manufacturing operations in North America, Europe, Latin America, North Africa, India and Russia. Substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to available industry capacity and general economic conditions. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States that require the use of management’s estimates. Actual results could differ from management’s estimates.  On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the previously announced transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which includes its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. The Company received a  20.5%  ownership interest in a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company that holds the assets of the combined business. See  Note 8  for further discussion. CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of International Paper and its wholly-owned, controlled majority-owned and financially controlled subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS The equity method of accounting is applied for investments in affiliated companies when the Company has significant influence over the investee’s operations, or when the investee is structured with separate capital accounts and our investment is considered more than minor, which is the case for our  20.5%  investment in Graphic Packaging International Partners, LLC (GPIP).  Our material equity method investments are described in  Note 10 .   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS A discontinued operation may include a component or a group of components of the Company's operations. A disposal of a component or a group of components is    reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results when the following occurs: (1) a component (or group of components) meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale; (2) the component or group of components is disposed of by sale; or (3) the component or group of components is disposed of other than by sale (for example, by abandonment or in a distribution to owners in a spinoff).   For any component classified as held for sale or disposed of by sale or other than by sale, qualifying for presentation as a discontinued operation, the Company reports the results of operations of the discontinued operations (including any gain or loss recognized on the disposal or loss recognized on classification as held for sale of a discontinued operation), less applicable income taxes (benefit), as a separate component in the consolidated statement of operations for current and all prior periods presented. REVENUE RECOGNITION Generally, the Company recognizes revenue on a point-in-time basis when the customer takes title to the goods and assumes the risks and rewards for the goods. For customized goods where the Company has a legally enforceable right to payment for the goods, the Company recognizes revenue over time, which generally is, as the goods are produced.  The Company’s revenue is primarily derived from fixed consideration; however, we do have contract terms that give rise to variable consideration, primarily cash discounts and volume rebates. International Paper offers early payment discounts to customers across the Company’s businesses. The Company estimates the expected cash discounts and other customer refunds based on the historical experience across the Company’s portfolio of customers to record reductions in revenue which is consistent with the most likely amount method outlined in ASC 606. Management has concluded that this method is the best estimate of the consideration the Company will be entitled to from its customers. The Company has elected to present all sales taxes on a net basis, account for shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities, recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset the Company would recognize is one year or less, and not record interest income or interest expense when the difference in timing of control or transfer and customer payment is one year or less. TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS Temporary investments with an original maturity of three months or less are treated as cash equivalents and are stated at cost, which approximates market value. 45 Table of Contents INVENTORIES Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market value and include all costs directly associated with manufacturing products: materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. In the United States, costs of raw materials and finished pulp and paper products, are generally determined using the last-in, first-out method. Other inventories are valued using the first-in, first-out or average cost methods. PLANTS, PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT Plants, properties and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for betterments are capitalized, whereas normal repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. The units-of-production method of depreciation is used for pulp and paper mills, and the straight-line method is used for other plants and equipment.  GOODWILL Annual evaluation for possible goodwill impairment is performed as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year, with additional interim evaluation performed when management believes that it is more likely than not, that events or circumstances have occurred that would result in the impairment of a reporting unit’s goodwill. The Company has the option to evaluate goodwill for impairment by first performing a qualitative (Step 0)  assessment of events and circumstances to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amounts, then the two-step goodwill impairment evaluation is not required to be performed. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, or if the Company does not elect the option to perform an initial qualitative assessment, the Company is required to perform the traditional two-step goodwill impairment evaluation. In performing this evaluation, the Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units using the expected discounted future cash flows for each reporting unit. Key assumptions in the impairment analysis considered by management include the discount rate, long-term growth rate, tax rate, inflation rate and foreign exchange rates. These estimated fair values are then analyzed for reasonableness by comparing them to historic market transactions for businesses in the industry, and by comparing the sum of the reporting unit fair values and other corporate assets and liabilities divided by diluted common shares outstanding to the Company’s traded stock price on the evaluation date. For reporting units whose recorded value of net assets plus goodwill is    in excess of their estimated fair values, the fair values of the individual assets and liabilities of the respective reporting units are then determined to calculate the amount of any goodwill impairment charge required, if any. See  Note 11  for further discussion. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. A recoverability test is performed based on undiscounted cash flows, requiring judgments as to whether assets are held and used or held for sale, the weighting of operational alternatives being considered by management and estimates of the amount and timing of expected future cash flows from the use of the long-lived assets generated by their use. Impaired assets are recorded at their estimated fair value. See  Note 8  for further discussion.  INCOME TAXES International Paper uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes whereby deferred income taxes are recorded for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are remeasured to reflect new tax rates in the periods rate changes are enacted. International Paper records its worldwide tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which it operates. Where the Company believes that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in its income tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, liabilities are recorded based upon the Company’s evaluation of the “more likely than not” outcome considering the technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and the facts of each matter. Changes to recorded liabilities are made only when an identifiable event occurs that changes the likely outcome, such as settlement with the relevant tax authority, the expiration of statutes of limitation for the subject tax year, a change in tax laws, or a recent court case that addresses the matter. While the judgments and estimates made by the Company are based on management’s evaluation of the technical merits of a matter, assisted as necessary by consultation with outside consultants, historical experience and other assumptions that management believes are appropriate and reasonable under current circumstances, actual resolution of these matters may differ from recorded estimated amounts, resulting in  46 Table of Contents adjustments that could materially affect future financial statements. ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION COSTS Costs associated with environmental remediation obligations are accrued when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are discounted to their present value when the amount and timing of expected cash payments are reliably estimable. TRANSLATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Balance sheets of international operations are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates, while statements of operations are translated at average rates. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as cumulative translation adjustments in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. NOTE 2 RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS Other than as described below, no new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year has had or is expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, "Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework - Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement." The new guidance modifies disclosure requirements related to fair value measurement. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those years. Implementation on a prospective or retrospective basis varies by specific disclosure requirement. Early adoption is permitted. The Company early adopted the provisions of this guidance in 2018 with no material impact on the financial statements. COMPREHENSIVE INCOME In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, "Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income." This guidance gives entities the option to reclassify stranded tax effects caused by the newly-enacted U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. The Company is finalizing its evaluation of the provisions of this guidance.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-14, "Compensation - Retirement Benefits - Defined Benefit Plans - General (Topic 715-20): Disclosure Framework — Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans." This guidance adds, removes, and clarifies disclosure requirements related to defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. This guidance should be applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. The Company early adopted the provisions of this guidance in 2018 with no material impact on the financial statements. The Company adopted the provision of ASU 2017-07, "Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost," on January 1, 2018. Under this new guidance, employers present the service costs component of the net periodic benefit cost in the same income statement line items as other employee compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period. In addition, only the service cost component is eligible for capitalization in assets. Employers present the other components separately from the line items that includes the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income. In addition, disclosure of the lines used to present the other components of net periodic benefit cost are required if the components are not presented separately in the income statement. The retrospective adoption had no impact on Net earnings (loss). INTANGIBLES In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract." The guidance aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). The accounting for the service element of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract is not affected by the amendments in this guidance. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance. 47 Table of Contents In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment." This guidance eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 of today's goodwill impairment test to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead, entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting   unit's carrying amount over its fair value. This guidance should be applied prospectively and is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, for any impairment test performed in 2020. Early adoption is permitted for annual and interim goodwill impairment testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance; however, we do not anticipate adoption having a material impact on the financial statements. LEASES In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, (Leases Topic 842): "Leases." This ASU will require most leases to be recognized on the balance sheet which will increase reported assets and liabilities. Lessor accounting will remain substantially similar to current U.S. GAAP. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years, and mandates a modified retrospective transition method for all entities. The Company will adopt this guidance using the newly approved transition method. We will recognize a liability and corresponding asset associated with in-scope operating and finance leases and are in the final stages of determining those amounts and the processes required to account for leasing activity on an ongoing basis. On adoption, we expect to recognize additional assets and liabilities of approximately  $500 million  based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments. REVENUE RECOGNITION On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606, "Revenue from Contracts With Customers," (new revenue standard) and all related amendments, using the modified retrospective method. We recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the new revenue standard as an adjustment to the operating balance of Retained earnings. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods.   The Company recorded a net increase to opening Retained earnings of  $73 million  as of January 1, 2018, due to the cumulative impact of adopting the new revenue standard, with the impact primarily related to our customized products. The impacts of the adoption of the new revenue standard on the Company's consolidated financial statements were as follows: Consolidated Statement of Operations   2018 In millions, except per share amounts Balances As Reported Under ASC 606   Balances Without Adoption of ASC 606   Impact of Adoption Increase/(Decrease) Net sales $ 23,306   $ 23,274   $ 32 Cost of products sold 15,555   15,535   20 Distribution expenses 1,567   1,563   4 Income tax provision (benefit), net 445   443   2 Earnings (loss) from continuing operations 1,672   1,666   6 Net earnings (loss) 2,017   2,011   6 Earnings per share attributable to International Paper Company Shareholders           Basic $ 4.91   $ 4.90   $ 0.01 Diluted 4.85   4.84   0.01 Consolidated Balance Sheet   2018 In millions, except per share amounts Balances As Reported Under ASC 606   Balances Without Adoption of ASC 606   Impact of Adoption Increase/(Decrease) Contract assets $ 395   $ —   $ 395 Inventories 2,241   2,511   (270 ) Other current assets 250   278   (28 ) Other accrued liabilities 1,107   1,088   19 Deferred income taxes 2,600   2,601   (1 ) Retained earnings 7,465   7,386   79 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   2018 In millions, except per share amounts Balances As Reported Under ASC 606   Balances Without Adoption of ASC 606   Impact of Adoption Increase/(Decrease) Net earnings (loss) $ 2,017   $ 2,011   $ 6 Deferred income tax provision (benefit), net 133   159   (26 ) Contract assets (32 )   —   (32 ) Inventories (236 )   (256 )   20 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 151   147   4 Other 28   —   28 48 Table of Contents NOTE 3 - REVENUE RECOGNITION Disaggregated Revenue A geographic disaggregation of revenues across our company segmentation in the following tables provide information to assist in evaluating the nature, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows and how they may be impacted by economic factors.     2018 Reportable Segments   Industrial Packaging   Global Cellulose Fibers   Printing Papers   Corporate & Intersegment   Total Primary Geographical Markets  (a)                      United States   $ 13,167   $ 2,336   $ 1,903   $ 203   $ 17,609 EMEA   1,704   304   1,330   (17 )   3,321 Pacific Rim and Asia   142   179   245   39   605 Americas, other than U.S.   887   —   897   (13 )   1,771 Total   $ 15,900   $ 2,819   $ 4,375   $ 212   $ 23,306                       Operating Segments                     North American Industrial Packaging   $ 14,187   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 14,187 EMEA Industrial Packaging   1,355   —   —   —   1,355 Brazilian Industrial Packaging   232   —   —   —   232 European Coated Paperboard   359   —   —   —   359 Global Cellulose Fibers   —   2,819   —   —   2,819 North American Printing Papers   —   —   1,956   —   1,956 Brazilian Papers   —   —   978   —   978 European Papers   —   —   1,252   —   1,252 Indian Papers   —   —   202   —   202 Intra-segment Eliminations   (233 )   —   (13 )   —   (246 ) Corporate & Inter-segment Sales   —   —   —   212   212 Total   $ 15,900   $ 2,819   $ 4,375   $ 212   $ 23,306 (a)   Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the seller. The nature of the Company's contracts can vary based on the business, customer type and region; however, in all instances it is International Paper's customary business practice to receive a valid order from the customer, in which each parties' rights and related payment terms are clearly identifiable.  Revenue Contract Balances The opening and closing balances of the Company's contract assets and current contract liabilities are as follows: In millions   Contract Assets (Short-Term)   Contract Liabilities (Short-Term) Beginning Balance - January 1, 2018   $ 366   $ 53 Ending Balance - December 31, 2018   395   56 Increase / (Decrease)   $ 29   $ 3   49 Table of Contents A contract asset is created when the Company recognizes revenue on its customized products prior to having an unconditional right to payment from the customer, which generally does not occur until title and risk of loss passes to the customer. A contract liability is created when customers prepay for goods prior to the Company transferring those goods to the customer. The contract liability is reduced once control of the goods is transferred to the customer. The majority of our customer prepayments are received during the fourth quarter each year for goods that will be transferred to customers over the following twelve months.  The difference between the opening and closing balances of the Company's contract assets and contract liabilities primarily results from the difference between the price and quantity at comparable points in time for goods which we have an unconditional right to payment or receive pre-payment from the customer, respectively. Performance Obligations and Significant Judgments International Paper's principal business is to manufacture and sell fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper goods. As a general rule, none of our businesses provide equipment installation or other ancillary services outside producing and shipping packaging, pulp and paper goods to customers.  Contracts or purchase orders with customers could include a single type of product or it could include multiple types/grades of products. Regardless, the contracted price with the customer is agreed to at the individual product level outlined in the customer contracts or purchase orders. The Company does not  bundle prices; however, we do negotiate with customers    on pricing and rebates for the same products based on a variety of factors (e.g. level of contractual volume, geographical location, etc.). Management has concluded that the prices negotiated with each individual customer are representative of the stand-alone selling price of the product. NOTE 4 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed assuming that all potentially dilutive securities were converted into common shares. There are no adjustments required to be made to net income for purposes of computing basic and diluted EPS. A reconciliation of the amounts included in the computation of basic earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations, and diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations is as follows:   In millions, except per share amounts 2018   2017   2016 Earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to International Paper common shareholders $ 1,667   $ 2,110   $ 802 Weighted average common shares outstanding 409.1   412.7   411.1 Effect of dilutive securities:           Restricted performance share plan 5.1   5.0   4.5 Weighted average common shares outstanding  – assuming dilution 414.2   417.7   415.6 Basic earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations $ 4.07   $ 5.11   $ 1.95 Diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations $ 4.02   $ 5.05   $ 1.93 50 Table of Contents NOTE 5 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   The following table presents changes in AOCI, net of tax, reported in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31: In millions 2018 2017 2016 Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Adjustments       Balance at beginning of period $ (2,527 ) $ (3,072 ) $ (3,169 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 22 59 (448 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 589 486 545 Balance at end of period (1,916 ) (2,527 ) (3,072 ) Change in Cumulative Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments        Balance at beginning of period (2,111 ) (2,287 ) (2,549 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (475 ) 178 263 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 2 (1 ) (3 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 3 (1 ) 2 Balance at end of period (2,581 ) (2,111 ) (2,287 ) Net Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedging Derivatives       Balance at beginning of period 5 (3 ) 10 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (10 ) 15 (6 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 2 (7 ) (7 ) Balance at end of period (3 ) 5 (3 ) Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) at End of Period $ (4,500 ) $ (4,633 ) $ (5,362 ) Reclassifications out of AOCI for the three years ended December 31 were as follows:   Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   Location of Amount Reclassified from AOCI 2018 2017 2016   In millions           Defined benefit pension and postretirement items:           Prior-service costs $ (11 ) $ (33 ) $ (37 ) (a) Non-operating pension expense Actuarial gains/(losses) (774 ) (733 ) (851 ) (a) Non-operating pension expense Total pre-tax amount (785 ) (766 ) (888 )     Tax (expense)/benefit 196 280 343     Net of tax (589 ) (486 ) (545 )     Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments:           Business acquisitions/divestiture (2 ) 1 3 (b) Discontinued operations, net of taxes Tax (expense)/benefit — — —     Net of tax (2 ) 1 3     Net gains and losses on cash flow hedging derivatives:           Foreign exchange contracts (3 ) 9 10 (c) Cost of products sold Total pre-tax amount (3 ) 9 10     Tax (expense)/benefit 1 (2 ) (3 )     Net of tax (2 ) 7 7     Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax $ (593 ) $ (478 ) $ (535 )     (a)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see  Note 18  for additional details). (b)  Amounts for 2016 and 2017 were reclassed to Net (gains) losses on sales and impairment of businesses.  (c)  This accumulated other comprehensive income component is included in our derivatives and hedging activities (see  Note 16  for additional details). 51 Table of Contents NOTE 6 RESTRUCTURING CHARGES AND OTHER ITEMS 2018:  During 2018, restructuring and other charges, net, totaling  $29 million  before taxes were recorded. These charges included: In millions   2018 EMEA packaging restructuring (a)   $ 47 Gain on sale of investment in Liaison Technologies Inc.   (31 ) Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 15)   10 Riverdale mill conversion severance (b)   3 Total   $ 29 (a)   Includes  $33 million  of severance,  $6 million  in accelerated depreciation,  $2 million  in accelerated amortization and  $6 million  in other charges in conjunction with the optimization of our EMEA Packaging business.  The majority of the severance charges recorded were paid throughout the year. (b)    Includes severance related to  51  employees.  2017:  During 2017, restructuring and other charges, net, totaling  $67 million  before taxes were recorded. These charges included: In millions   2017 Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 15)   $ 83 Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen   (14 ) Other   (2 ) Total   $ 67 2016:  During 2016, total restructuring and other charges, net, of  $54 million  before taxes were recorded. These charges included: In millions   2016 Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 15)   $ 29 India packaging evaluation write-off   17 Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical   (8 ) Riegelwood mill conversion costs (a)   9 Turkey mill closure (b)   7 Total   $ 54 (a) Includes  $3 million  of accelerated depreciation,  $3 million  of inventory write-off charges and  $3 million  of other charges. (b) Includes  $4 million  of accelerated depreciation and  $3 million  of severance charges which is related to  85  employees. NOTE 7 ACQUISITIONS AND JOINT VENTURES TANGIER, MOROCCO FACILITY 2017:  On June 30, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of Europac's Tangier, Morocco facility, a corrugated packaging facility, for  €40 million  (approximately  $46 million  using the June 30, 2017    exchange rate). After working capital and other post-close adjustments, final consideration exchanged was   €33 million  (approximately  $38 million  using the June 30, 2017 exchange rate).  The following table summarizes the final fair value assigned to assets and liabilities acquired as of June 30, 2017: In millions June 30, 2017 Cash and temporary investments $ 1 Accounts and notes receivable 7 Inventory 3 Plants, properties and equipment 31 Goodwill 4 Other intangible assets 5 Deferred charges and other assets 4 Total assets acquired 55 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 4 Long-term debt 11 Other long-term liabilities 2 Total liabilities assumed 17 Net assets acquired $ 38 Since the date of acquisition, Net sales of  $6 million  and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings of  $(1) million  from the acquired business have been included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017. Pro forma information related to the acquisition of the Europac business has not been included as it is impractical to obtain the information due to the lack of availability of U.S. GAAP financial data and does not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations. The Company has accounted  for the above acquisition under ASC 805, "Business Combinations" and the results of operations have been included in International  Paper's  financial statements beginning with the date of acquisition.  WEYERHAEUSER PULP BUSINESS 2016:  On December 1, 2016, the Company finalized the purchase of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business for approximately  $2.2 billion  in cash, subject to post-closing adjustments. Under the terms of the agreement, International Paper acquired  four  fluff pulp mills,  one  northern bleached softwood kraft mill and  two  converting facilities of modified fiber, located in the United States, Canada and Poland. 52 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the final fair values assigned to assets and liabilities acquired as of December 1, 2016: In millions December 1, 2016 Cash and temporary investments $ 12 Accounts and notes receivable 195 Inventory 238 Other current assets 11 Plants, properties and equipment 1,711 Goodwill 52 Other intangible assets 212 Deferred charges and other assets 6 Total assets acquired 2,437 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 114 Long-term debt 104 Other long-term liabilities 28 Total liabilities assumed 246 Net assets acquired $ 2,191 In connection with the allocation of fair value, inventories were written up by  $33 million  to their estimated fair value. During 2017 and 2016,  $14 million  before taxes ( $8 million  after taxes) and  $19 million  before taxes ( $12 million  after taxes), respectively, were expensed to Cost of products sold as the related inventory was sold. Since the date of acquisition, Net sales of  $111 million  and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings of  $(21) million  from the acquired business are included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. Additionally, Selling and administrative expenses for 2016 include  $28 million  in charges before taxes ( $18 million  after taxes) for integration costs associated with the acquisition. The identifiable intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser pulp business included the following: In millions   Estimated Fair Value Average Remaining Useful Life Asset Class:     (at acquisition date) Customer relationships and lists   $ 95 24 years Trade names, patents, trademarks and developed technology   113 8 years Other   4 10 years Total   $ 212   On an unaudited pro forma basis, assuming the acquisition of the newly acquired pulp business had    closed January 1, 2016, the consolidated results would have reflected Net sales of  $20.8 billion  and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings of  $942 million  for the year ended December 31, 2016. The 2016 pro forma information includes adjustments for additional amortization expense on identifiable intangible assets of  $18 million  and eliminating the write-off of the estimated fair value of inventory of  $(19) million  and non-recurring integration costs associated with the acquisition of  $30 million , including  $12 million  of deal costs. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information was prepared for comparative purposes only and includes certain adjustments, as noted above. They do not reflect the effect of costs or synergies that would have been expected to result from the integration of the acquisition. The pro forma information does not purport to represent International Paper's actual results of operations as if the transaction described above would have occurred as of January 1, 2016, nor is it necessarily an indicator of future results. HOLMEN PAPER NEWSPRINT MILL 2016:   On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of Holmen Paper's newsprint mill in Madrid, Spain. Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, International Paper purchased the Madrid newsprint mill, as well as, associated recycling operations and a  50%  ownership interest in a cogeneration facility. The Company completed the conversion of the mill to produce recycled containerboard with an expected capacity of  440,000  tons, supporting the Company's corrugated packaging business in EMEA.   The Company's aggregate purchase price for the mill, recycling operations and  50%  ownership of the cogeneration facility was  €53 million  (approximately  $59 million  using June 30, 2016 exchange rate). The assignment of fair value to assets acquired and liabilities assumed was completed in the first quarter of 2017 and is presented in the table below. In millions June 30, 2016 Current assets $ 14 Equity method investments 14 Plants, properties and equipment 60 Other long-term assets 5 Total assets acquired 93 Short-term liabilities 9 Long-term liabilities 16 Total liabilities assumed 25 Net assets acquired $ 68 53 Table of Contents The final fair values assigned indicated that the sum of the cash consideration paid was less than the fair value of the underlying net assets, after adjustments, by  $6 million , resulting in a bargain purchase gain being recorded on this transaction. The amount of revenue and earnings recognized since the acquisition date are  $90 million  and a net loss of  $2 million , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2016. Pro forma information related to the acquisition of the Holmen businesses has not been included as it is impractical to obtain the information due to the lack of availability of financial data and does not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations. The Company has accounted for the above acquisitions under ASC 805, "Business Combinations" and the results of operations have been included in International Paper's financial statements beginning with the dates of acquisition. NOTE 8 DIVESTITURES AND IMPAIRMENTS  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 2017:  On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which included its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to Graphic Packaging International Partners, LLC (GPIP), a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company,  in exchange for a  20.5%  ownership interest in GPIP. GPIP subsequently transferred the North American Consumer Packaging business to Graphic Packaging International, LLC (GPI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIP. Prior to the transaction, International Paper also received  $660 million  in cash proceeds from a new loan entered into by International Paper on December 8, 2017, which the Company used to pay down existing debt. The loan was subsequently assumed by GPI from International Paper on the transaction closing date and was classified as Liabilities held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. International Paper is accounting for its ownership interest in the combined business under the equity method. The Company determined the fair value of its investment in the combined business to be  $1.1 billion  and recorded a pre-tax gain of  $488 million  ( $364 million , net of tax) in 2018. The fair value was calculated using a market approach using inputs classified as Level 2 and Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in  Note 16 . All current and historical operating results for North American Consumer Packaging are included in Discontinued operations, net of tax, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The following summarizes the major classes of line items comprising Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings reconciled to Discontinued    Operations, net of tax, related to the transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business for all prior periods presented in the consolidated statement of operations: In millions 2018 2017 2016 Net Sales $ — $ 1,559 $ 1,584 Costs and Expenses       Cost of products sold — 1,179 1,095 Selling and administrative expenses 25 110 91 Depreciation, amortization and cost of timber harvested — 80 103 Distribution expenses — 126 124 Taxes other than payroll and income taxes — 11 10 (Gain) loss on transfer of business (488 ) — — Interest expense, net — 1 — Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings 463 52 161 Income tax provision (benefit) 118 18 54 Discontinued Operations, Net of Taxes  $ 345 $ 34 $ 107 At  December 31, 2017, all assets and liabilities of North American Consumer Packaging are classified as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The following summarizes the major classes of assets and liabilities of North American Consumer Packaging reconciled to total Assets held for sale and total Liabilities held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet: In millions 2017 Accounts and notes receivable $ 143 Inventories 185 Other current assets 3 Plants, properties and equipment 1,021 Deferred charges and other assets 25 Total Assets Held for Sale $ 1,377 Accounts payable $ 104 Accrued payroll and benefits 25 Other accrued liabilities 17 Long-term debt 651 Other liabilities 8 Total Liabilities Held for Sale $ 805 Total cash provided by (used for) operations related to the North American Consumer Packaging business of  $(25) million ,  $207 million  and  $268 million  for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, is included in Cash Provided By (Used For) Operations in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Total cash used for investing activities related to the North American Consumer Packaging business of  $40 million ,  $111 million  and  $114 million  for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, is  54 Table of Contents included in Cash Provided By (Used For) Investing Activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. OTHER DIVESTITURES AND IMPAIRMENTS 2018:  During 2018, a determination was made that the current carrying value of the long-lived assets of the Brazil Packaging business exceeded their estimated fair value due to a change in the outlook for the business. Management engaged a third party to assist with determining the fair value of the business and the fixed assets. The fair value of the business was calculated using a probability-weighted approach based on discounted future cash flows, market multiples, and transaction multiples and the fair value of the fixed assets was determined using a market approach. As a result, a pre-tax charge of  $122 million  ( $81 million , net of tax) was recorded related to the impairment of an intangible asset and fixed assets. This charge is included in Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and is included in the results for the Industrial Packaging segment. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company announced that it was exploring strategic options for its Brazil Packaging business. 2017:  On September 7, 2017, the Company completed the sale of its foodservice business in China to Huhtamaki Hong Kong Limited. Proceeds received totaled approximately RMB  129 million  ( $18 million  using the September 30, 2017 exchange rate). Under the terms of the transaction, and after post-closing adjustments, International Paper received approximately RMB  49 million  in exchange for its ownership interest in  two  China foodservice entities and RMB  80 million  for the sale of notes receivable from the acquired entities. Subsequent to the announced agreement in June 2017, a determination was made that the current book value of the asset group exceeded its estimated fair value of  $7 million , which was the agreed upon selling price. As a result, a pre-tax charge of  $9 million  was recorded during the second quarter of 2017, to write down the long-lived assets of this business to their estimated fair value. Amounts related to this business included in the Company's statement of operations were immaterial for all periods presented. 2016:  On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the  sale of its corrugated packaging business in China and Southeast Asia to Xiamen Bridge Hexing Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise. Under the terms of the transaction and after post-closing adjustments, International Paper received a total of approximately RMB  957 million  (approximately  $144 million  at the June 30, 2016 exchange rate), which included the buyer's assumption of a liability for outstanding loans of approximately  $55 million  which are payable up to three    years from the closing of the sale. There was no remaining balance on the outstanding loans payable to International Paper as of December 31, 2018. Based on the final sales price, a determination was made that the current book value of the asset group was not recoverable. As a result, a pre-tax charge of  $46 million  was recorded during 2016 in the Company's Industrial Packaging segment to write down the long-lived assets of this business to their estimated fair value. In addition, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of  $24 million  for severance that was contingent upon the sale of this business. The 2016 net loss totaling  $70 million  related to the impairment and severance of IP Asia Packaging is included in Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The amount of pre-tax losses related to the IP Asia Packaging business included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations was  $83 million  for year ended December 31, 2016. NOTE 9 SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL STATEMENT INFORMATION TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS   Temporary investments with an original maturity of three months or less are treated as cash equivalents and are stated at cost. Temporary investments totaled  $402 million  and  $661 million  at December 31,  2018  and  2017 , respectively. ACCOUNTS AND NOTES RECEIVABLE Accounts and notes receivable, net, by classification were:   In millions at December 31 2018 2017 Accounts and notes receivable:     Trade $ 3,249 $ 3,017 Other 272 270 Total $ 3,521 $ 3,287 INVENTORIES   In millions at December 31 2018 2017 Raw materials $ 260 $ 274 Finished pulp, paper and packaging products 1,241 1,337 Operating supplies 641 615 Other 99 87 Inventories $ 2,241 $ 2,313 The last-in, first-out inventory method is used to value most of International Paper’s U.S. inventories. Approximately  70%  of total raw materials and finished products inventories were valued using this method.  The last-in, first-out inventory reserve was  $329 million   55 Table of Contents and  $293 million  at December 31,  2018  and  2017 , respectively. PLANTS, PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT   In millions at December 31 2018 2017 Pulp, paper and packaging facilities $ 32,329 $ 32,523 Other properties and equipment 1,232 1,291 Gross cost 33,561 33,814 Less: Accumulated depreciation 20,494 20,549 Plants, properties and equipment, net $ 13,067 $ 13,265   Non-cash additions to plants, property and equipment included within accounts payable were $ 135 million ,   $275 million  and  $172 million  at  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively.   Annual straight-line depreciable lives generally are, for buildings -  20  to  40  years, and for machinery and equipment -  3  to  20  years. Depreciation expense was  $1.2 billion ,  $1.2 billion  and  $1.0 billion  for the years ended December 31,  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. Cost of products sold excludes depreciation and amortization expense. INTEREST Interest payments of  $772 million ,  $782 million  and  $682 million  were made during the years ended December 31,  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. Amounts related to interest were as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Interest expense $ 734 $ 758 $ 695 Interest income  198 186 175 Capitalized interest costs 30 25 28 ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS At both December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we had recorded liabilities of  $86 million   related to asset retirement obligations. NOTE 10 - EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS The Company accounts for the following investments in affiliated companies under the equity method of accounting. GRAPHIC PACKAGING INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS, LLC  On January 1, 2018, the Company completed the transfer of its North American Consumer Packaging business, which includes its North American Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses, to Graphic Packaging International Partners, LLC (GPIP), a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company, in exchange for a  20.5%  ownership interest in GPIP. GPIP subsequently transferred the North American    Consumer Packaging business to Graphic Packaging International, LLC (GPI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIP that holds the assets of the combined business. The Company recorded equity earnings of  $46 million  for the year ended  December 31, 2018 . The Company received cash dividends from GPIP of  $25 million  during 2018. At  December 31, 2018 , the Company's investment in GPIP was  $1.1 billion , which was  $562 million  more than the Company's proportionate share of the entity's underlying net assets. The difference primarily relates to the basis difference between the fair value of our investment and the underlying net assets and is generally amortized in equity earnings over a period consistent with the underlying long-lived assets. Management engaged a third party to assist with determining the fair value of the intangible assets and the fixed assets. The fair value of the intangible assets were calculated using income and market approaches and the fair value of the fixed assets was calculated using a cost approach. The fair values were determined using inputs classified as Level 2 and Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in  Note 16 . The Company is party to various agreements with GPI under which it sells fiber and other products to GPI. Sales under these agreements were  $240 million  for the year ended  December 31, 2018 .  Summarized financial information for GPIP is presented in the following tables:  Balance Sheet In millions 2018 Current assets $ 1,757 Noncurrent assets 5,292 Current liabilities 1,148 Noncurrent liabilities 3,156 Income Statement In millions 2018 Net sales $ 6,023 Gross profit 946 Income from continuing operations 336 Net income  337 ILIM S.A. (Ilim) The Company also holds a  50%  equity interest in Ilim, which has subsidiaries whose primary operations are in Russia. The Company recorded equity earnings (losses), net of taxes, of  $290 million ,  $183 million ,  and  $199 million  in  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively, for Ilim. Equity earnings (losses) includes an after-tax foreign exchange (loss) gain of  $(82) million ,  $15 million , and  $25 million  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively, primarily on the remeasurement of U.S. dollar-denominated net debt. The Company received cash dividends from the joint venture of  $128 million  and  $133 million  in 2018 and 2017, respectively. At  56 Table of Contents December 31,  2018  and  2017 , the Company's investment in Ilim, which is recorded in Investments in the consolidated balance sheet, was  $478 million  and  $338 million , respectively, which was  $145 million  and  $154 million , respectively, more than the Company's proportionate share of the joint venture's underlying net assets. The differences primarily relate to currency translation adjustments and the basis difference between the fair value of our investment at acquisition and the underlying net assets. The Company is party to a joint marketing agreement with JSC Ilim Group, a subsidiary of Ilim, under which the Company purchases, markets and sells paper produced by JSC Ilim Group. Purchases under this agreement were  $214 million ,  $205 million  and  $170 million  for the years ended December 31,  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively.   Summarized financial information for Ilim is presented in the following tables:  Balance Sheet In millions 2018   2017 Current assets $ 981   $ 689 Noncurrent assets 1,710   1,696 Current liabilities 545   1,039 Noncurrent liabilities 1,470   972 Noncontrolling interests 11   6 Income Statement In millions 2018   2017   2016 Net sales $ 2,713   $ 2,150   $ 1,927 Gross profit 1,549   1,047   957 Income from continuing operations 592   379   419 Net income  571   362   391 The audited U.S. GAAP financial statements for Ilim are included in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K. NOTE 11 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES GOODWILL The following table presents changes in the goodwill balances as allocated to each business segment for the years ended  December 31, 2018  and  2017 :   In millions Industrial Packaging   Global Cellulose Fibers   Printing Papers   Total Balance as of December 31, 2016               Goodwill $ 3,375   $ 19    $ 2,143    $ 5,537 Accumulated impairment losses  (296 )   —    (1,877 )   (2,173 )   3,079   19   266   3,364 Currency translation and other (a) 3   —   8   11 Additions/reductions 4 (b) 33 (c) (1 ) 36 Balance as of December 31, 2017               Goodwill 3,382    52   2,150    5,584 Accumulated impairment losses  (296 )    —   (1,877 )   (2,173 )   3,086    52   273    3,411 Currency translation and other (a) (1 )   —   (34 )   (35 ) Additions/reductions (2 ) (d) —   —   (2 ) Balance as of December 31, 2018               Goodwill 3,379   52    2,116    5,547 Accumulated impairment losses  (296 )   —    (1,877 )   (2,173 ) Total $ 3,083   $ 52    $ 239    $ 3,374 (a) Represents the effects of foreign currency translations and reclassifications. (b) Reflects the acquisition of the Moroccan box plant.  (c) Reflects the acquisition and purchase price adjustments of the Weyerhaeuser pulp business.   (d) Reflects a reduction from tax benefits generated by the deduction of goodwill amortization for tax purposes in the U.S.       57 Table of Contents The Company performed its annual evaluation of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments by applying the qualitative Step 0 analysis to its reporting units as of October 1, 2018. For the current year evaluation, the Company assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated fair value of the reporting units. The results of this assessment indicated that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the Company's reporting units were less than the carrying values of the reporting units.   In addition, the Company considered whether there were any events or circumstances subsequent to the annual evaluation that would reduce the fair value of its reporting units below their carrying amounts and necessitate another goodwill impairment evaluation. In consideration of all relevant factors, there were no indicators that would require goodwill impairment subsequent to October 1, 2018.  OTHER INTANGIBLES Identifiable intangible assets comprised the following:    2018 2017 In millions at December 31 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net  Intangible Assets Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Intangible Assets Customer relationships and lists $ 542 $ 247 $ 295 $ 610 $ 247 $ 363 Non-compete agreements 67 67 — 72 72 — Tradenames, patents and trademarks, and developed technology 174 90 84 172 72 100 Land and water rights 8 2 6 8 2 6 Software 26 25 1 24 23 1 Other 30 23 7 38 26 12 Total  $ 847 $ 454 $ 393 $ 924 $ 442 $ 482 The Company recognized the following amounts as amortization expense related to intangible assets:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Amortization expense related to intangible assets $ 59 $ 77 $ 54 Based on current intangibles subject to amortization, estimated amortization expense for each of the succeeding years is as follows:  2019  –  $48 million ,  2020  –  $46 million ,  2021  –  $46 million ,  2022  –  $44 million ,  2023  –  $40 million , and cumulatively thereafter –  $163 million .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NOTE 12 INCOME TAXES The components of International Paper’s earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings by taxing jurisdiction were as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Earnings (loss)       U.S. $ 1,450 $ 297 $ 411 Non-U.S. 331 551 384 Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings $ 1,781 $ 848 $ 795 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act). The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from  35%  to  21% ; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time deemed repatriation transition tax (the Transition Tax) on certain earnings of    foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; (5) eliminating the corporate alternative minimum tax (AMT) and changing how AMT   credits can be realized; (6) capital expensing; (7) eliminating the deduction on U.S. manufacturing activities; and (8) creating new limitations on   deductible interest expense and executive compensation. The Securities Exchange Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 118 which provided guidance on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provided a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740. In accordance with SAB 118, a company had to reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of the Tax Act for which the accounting under ASC 740 is complete. To the extent that a company’s accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act was incomplete but it  58 Table of Contents was able to determine a reasonable estimate, it was required to record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. The Company has completed its analysis of the one-time impacts of the Tax Act within the one year measurement period. In connection with our initial analysis of the impact of the Tax Act, we recorded a provisional net tax benefit of  $1.22 billion  in the period ending December 31, 2017. The net tax benefit primarily consisted of a net tax benefit for the re-measurement of U.S. deferred taxes of  $1.454 billion  and an expense for the Transition Tax of  $231 million . During the SAB 118  measurement period in the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded an additional net tax benefit of  $36 million  associated with the one-time effects of the Tax Act. Reduction of U.S. federal corporate tax rate:   The Tax Act reduced the corporate tax rate to  21% , effective January 1, 2018. For certain of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, we recorded a provisional net decrease of  $1.451 billion  with a corresponding  adjustment to deferred income tax benefit in the same amount for the year ended December 31, 2017. After the completion of the federal income tax return during the third quarter and state tax returns in the fourth quarter, we recognized an adjustment of  $11 million  from the remeasurement of certain temporary differences. The tax benefit of the measurement-period adjustment on the 2018 effective tax rate was approximately  0.6% . A total decrease of the deferred tax liabilities by  $1.462 billion  has been recorded to date with a corresponding adjustment of  $1.462 billion  to income tax benefit. Deemed Repatriation Transition Tax:  This is a   tax on previously untaxed accumulated and current earnings and profits (E&P) of foreign subsidiaries. To determine the amount of the transition tax, we must determine, in addition to other factors, the amount of post-1986 E&P of the relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings. We were able to make a reasonable estimate of the Transition Tax and recorded a provisional Transition Tax obligation of  $231 million  in the period ended December 31, 2017. On the basis of revised E&P computations that were calculated during the SAB 118 measurement period, as well as the impacts of guidance received from the IRS pertaining to the Transition Tax computation, we recognized an adjustment of  $25 million  related to the Transition Tax obligation. The tax benefit of the measurement-period adjustment on the 2018 effective tax rate was approximately  1.4% . A total Transition Tax obligation of  $206 million  has been recorded.   Valuation Allowances:  The Company has assessed whether its U.S. state and local income tax valuation allowance analysis is affected by various aspects of the  Tax Act (e.g. deemed repatriation of foreign income, acceleration of cost recovery). For certain of our state deferred tax assets, we recorded a net  $3 million  provisional decrease in the recorded valuation allowance with a corresponding adjustment to deferred income tax benefit in the same amount for the year ended December 31, 2017. The Company has determined at the conclusion of the SAB 118 measurement period that the Tax Act had no additional direct impact on the state and local income tax valuation allowance. Therefore the accounting for this item is complete and no change was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2018. Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI):  The Tax Act subjects a U.S. shareholder to current tax on GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. The FASB Staff Q&A, Topic 740 No. 5, "Accounting for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income," states that an entity can make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years, or provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred. We have elected to recognize the tax on GILTI as a period expense in the period the tax is incurred. Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries:  The Company provides for foreign withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. state income taxes on earnings intended to be repatriated from non-U.S. subsidiaries, which we believe will be limited in the future to each year's current earnings. No provision for these taxes on approximately  $1.7 billion  of undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018 has been made, as these earnings are considered indefinitely invested. Determination of the amount of taxes that might be paid on these undistributed earnings if eventually remitted in a taxable manner is not practicable. If management decided to monetize the Company’s foreign investments, we would recognize the tax cost related to the excess of the book value over the tax basis of those investments. This would include foreign withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. Federal and state income taxes. Determination of the tax cost that that would be incurred upon monetization of the Company’s foreign investments is not practicable; however, we do not believe it would be material. 59 Table of Contents The provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing operations (excluding noncontrolling interests) by taxing jurisdiction was as follows: In millions 2018 2017 2016 Current tax provision (benefit)       U.S. federal $ 227 $ (73 ) $ (7 ) U.S. state and local 37 (23 ) (12 ) Non-U.S. 165 112 76   $ 429 $ 16 $ 57 Deferred tax provision (benefit)       U.S. federal $ 12 $ (1,150 ) $ 134 U.S. state and local 50 9 27 Non-U.S. (46 ) 40 (25 )   $ 16 $ (1,101 ) $ 136 Income tax provision (benefit) $ 445 $ (1,085 ) $ 193 The Company’s deferred income tax provision (benefit) includes a  $13 million  benefit, a  $1.459 billion  benefit and a  $18 million  provision for  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively, for the effect of various changes in non-U.S. and U.S. federal and state tax rates. International Paper made income tax payments, net of refunds, of  $388 million ,  $7 million  and  $90 million  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. A reconciliation of income tax expense using the statutory U.S. income tax rate compared with the actual income tax provision follows:     In millions 2018 2017 2016 Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings $ 1,781 $ 848 $ 795 Statutory U.S. income tax rate 21 % 35  % 35 % Tax expense (benefit) using statutory U.S. income tax rate 374 297 278 State and local income taxes 72 (7 ) 8 Impact of rate differential on non-U.S. permanent differences and earnings 35 (36 ) (26 ) Tax expense (benefit) on manufacturing activities (1 ) 23 (10 ) Non-deductible business expenses 27 7 9 Sale of non-strategic assets — — 12 Tax audits 28 — (14 ) Subsidiary liquidation — — (63 ) Deemed repatriation, net of foreign tax credits (25 ) 231 — U.S. federal tax rate change (13 ) (1,451 ) — Foreign derived intangible income deduction (25 ) — — US tax on non-U.S. earnings (GILTI and Subpart F) 19 44 21 Foreign tax credits (15 ) (96 ) (11 ) General business and other tax credits (26 ) (86 ) (15 ) Other, net (5 ) (11 ) 4 Income tax provision (benefit) $ 445 $ (1,085 ) $ 193 Effective income tax rate 25 % (128 )% 24 % The tax effects of significant temporary differences, representing deferred income tax assets and liabilities at  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , were as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 Deferred income tax assets:     Postretirement benefit accruals $ 89 $ 102 Pension obligations 465 516 Alternative minimum and other tax credits 291 416 Net operating and capital loss carryforwards 594 665 Compensation reserves 191 174 Other 164 139 Gross deferred income tax assets 1,794 2,012 Less: valuation allowance (a) (441 ) (429 ) Net deferred income tax asset $ 1,353 $ 1,583 Deferred income tax liabilities:     Intangibles $ (152 ) $ (139 ) Investments (255 ) — Plants, properties and equipment (1,826 ) (2,000 ) Forestlands, related installment sales, and investment in subsidiary (1,453 ) (1,454 ) Gross deferred income tax liabilities $ (3,686 ) $ (3,593 ) Net deferred income tax liability $ (2,333 ) $ (2,010 ) 60 Table of Contents (a)   The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was an increase of  $12 million  and an increase of  $26 million , respectively. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet under the captions Deferred charges and other assets and Deferred income taxes.  There was a decrease in deferred income tax assets principally relating to the utilization of U.S. Federal alternative minimum tax credits as permitted under Tax Reform. Deferred tax liabilities increased primarily due to the tax deferral of the book gain recognized on the transfer of the North American Consumer Packaging business to a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. Of the  $1.5 billion   of deferred tax liabilities for forestlands, related installment sales, and investment in subsidiary,  $884 million  is attributable to an investment in subsidiary and relates to a 2006 International Paper installment sale of forestlands and  $538 million  is attributable to a 2007 Temple-Inland installment sale of forestlands (see  Note 14 ).  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016  is as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Balance at January 1 $ (188 ) $ (98 ) $ (150 ) (Additions) reductions based on tax positions related to current year (7 ) (54 ) (4 ) (Additions) for tax positions of prior years (37 ) (40 ) (3 ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years 5 4 33 Settlements 2 6 19 Expiration of statutes of limitations 2 1 5 Currency translation adjustment 3 (7 ) 2 Balance at December 31 $ (220 ) $ (188 ) $ (98 ) If the Company were to prevail on the unrecognized tax benefits recorded, substantially all of the balances at  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016  would benefit the effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest on unrecognized tax benefits as a component of interest expense. Penalties, if incurred, are recognized as a component of income  tax expense. The Company had approximately  $21 million  and  $17 million  accrued for the payment of    estimated interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits at  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , respectively. The major jurisdictions where the Company files income tax returns are the United States, Brazil, France, Poland and Russia. Generally, tax years 2006 through 2017 remain open and subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities. The Company frequently faces challenges regarding the amount of taxes due. These challenges include positions taken by the Company related to the timing, nature, and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. Pending audit settlements and the expiration of statute of limitations could reduce the uncertain tax positions by  $30 million  during the next twelve months. The Brazilian Federal Revenue Service has challenged the deductibility of goodwill amortization generated in a 2007 acquisition by International Paper do Brasil Ltda., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company received assessments for the tax years 2007-2015 totaling approximately  $150 million  in tax, and  $380 million  in interest and penalties as of December 31, 2018 (adjusted for variation in currency exchange rates). After a previous favorable ruling challenging the basis for these assessments, we received an unfavorable decision in October 2018 from the Brazilian Administrative Council of Tax Appeals. The Company intends to further appeal the matter in the Brazilian federal courts in 2019; however, this tax litigation matter may take many years to resolve. The Company believes that it has appropriately evaluated the transaction underlying these assessments, and has concluded based on Brazilian tax law, that its tax position would be sustained. The Company intends to vigorously defend its position against the current assessments and any similar assessments that may be issued for tax years subsequent to 2015. International Paper uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax credits earned on eligible open-loop biomass facilities and combined heat and power system expenditures. Under this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense in the year they are earned rather than a reduction in the asset basis. The Company recorded a tax benefit of  $6 million  during 2018 and recorded a tax benefit of  $68 million  during 2017 related to Investment Tax Credits earned in tax years 2013-2017. 61 Table of Contents The following details the scheduled expiration dates of the Company’s net operating loss and income tax credit carryforwards:   In millions 2019 Through 2028 2029 Through 2038 Indefinite Total U.S. federal and non-U.S. NOLs $ 53 $ — $ 417 $ 470 State taxing jurisdiction NOLs (a) 80 42 — 122 U.S. federal, non- U.S. and state tax credit carryforwards (a) 162 11 118 291 U.S. federal and state capital loss carryforwards (a) 2 — — 2 Total $ 297 $ 53 $ 535 $ 885 Less: valuation allowance (a) (192 ) (8 ) (198 ) (398 ) Total, net $ 105 $ 45 $ 337 $ 487 (a)  State amounts are presented net of federal benefit. NOTE 13 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES OPERATING LEASES Certain property, machinery and equipment are leased under cancelable and non-cancelable agreements. At  December 31, 2018 , total future minimum commitments under existing non-cancelable operating leases were as follows:   In millions 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Thereafter Lease obligations $ 160 $ 125 $ 77 $ 49 $ 28 $ 118 Rent expense was  $196 million ,  $157 million  and  $150 million  for  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. GUARANTEES In connection with sales of businesses, property, equipment, forestlands and other assets, International Paper commonly makes representations and warranties relating to such businesses or assets, and may agree to indemnify buyers with respect to tax and environmental liabilities, breaches of representations and warranties, and other matters. Where liabilities for such matters are determined to be probable and subject to reasonable estimation, accrued liabilities are recorded at the time of sale as a cost of the transaction. ENVIRONMENTAL AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Environmental  International Paper has been named as a potentially responsible party (PRP) in environmental remediation actions under various federal and state laws, including    the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA). Many of these proceedings involve the cleanup of hazardous substances at large commercial landfills that received waste from many different sources. While joint and several liability is authorized under CERCLA and equivalent state laws, as a practical matter, liability for CERCLA cleanups is typically allocated among the many PRPs.  There are other remediation costs typically associated with the cleanup of hazardous substances at the Company’s current, closed or formerly-owned facilities, and recorded as liabilities in the balance sheet. Remediation costs are recorded in the consolidated financial statements when they become probable and reasonably estimable. International Paper has estimated the probable liability associated with these matters to be approximately  $128 million  ( $138 million  undiscounted) in the aggregate as of December 31,  2018 . Other than as described below, completion of required remedial actions is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.  Cass Lake:  One of the matters included above arises out of a closed wood-treating facility located in Cass Lake, Minnesota. In June 2011, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) selected and published a proposed soil remedy at the site with an estimated cost of  $46 million . The overall remediation reserve for the site is currently  $49 million  to address the selection of an alternative for the soil remediation component of the overall site remedy, which includes the ongoing groundwater remedy. In October 2011, the EPA released a public statement indicating that the final soil remedy decision would be delayed. In March 2016, the EPA issued a proposed plan concerning clean-up standards at a portion of the site, the estimated cost of which is included within the reserve referenced above. In October 2012, the Natural Resource Trustees for this site provided notice to International Paper and other PRPs of their intent to perform a Natural Resource Damage Assessment. It is premature to predict the outcome of the assessment or to estimate a loss or range of loss, if any, which may be incurred. Kalamazoo River:  The Company is a PRP with respect to the Allied Paper, Inc./Portage Creek/Kalamazoo River Superfund Site in Michigan. The EPA asserts that the site is contaminated by polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) primarily as a result of discharges from various paper mills located along the Kalamazoo River, including a paper mill (the Allied Paper Mill) formerly owned by St. Regis Paper Company (St. Regis). The Company is a successor in interest to St. Regis.  • In March 2016, the Company and other PRPs received a special notice letter from the EPA (i) inviting participation in implementing a remedy for a portion of the site known as Operable Unit 5, Area 1,  62 Table of Contents and (ii) demanding reimbursement of EPA past costs totaling  $37 million , including  $19 million  in past costs previously demanded by the EPA.  The Company responded to the special notice letter. In December 2016, the EPA issued a unilateral administrative order to the Company and other PRPs to perform the remedy. The Company responded to the unilateral administrative order, agreeing to comply with the order subject to its sufficient cause defenses. • In April 2016, the EPA issued a separate unilateral administrative order to the Company and certain other PRPs for a time-critical removal action (TCRA) of PCB-contaminated sediments from a different portion of the site. The Company responded to the unilateral administrative order and agreed along with two other parties to comply with the order subject to its sufficient cause defenses. • In October 2016, the Company and another PRP received a special notice letter from the EPA inviting participation in the remedial design component of the landfill remedy for the Allied Paper Mill. The record of decision establishing the final landfill remedy for the Allied Paper Mill was issued by the EPA in September 2016.  The Company responded to the Allied Paper Mill special notice letter in late December 2016. In February 2017, the EPA informed the Company that it would make other arrangements for the performance of the remedial design. The Company’s CERCLA liability has not been finally determined with respect to these or any other portions of the site, and except as noted above, the Company has declined to perform any work or reimburse the EPA at this time. As noted below, the Company is involved in allocation/apportionment litigation with regard to the site. Accordingly, it is premature to predict the outcome or estimate our maximum reasonably possible loss with respect to this site. However, we do not believe that any material loss is probable. The Company was named as a defendant by Georgia-Pacific Consumer Products LP, Fort James Corporation and Georgia Pacific LLC in a contribution and cost recovery action for alleged pollution at the site. The suit seeks contribution under CERCLA for costs purportedly expended by plaintiffs ( $79 million  as of the filing of the complaint) and for future remediation costs. The suit alleges that a mill, during the time it was allegedly owned and operated by St. Regis, discharged PCB contaminated solids and paper residuals resulting from paper de-inking and recycling. NCR Corporation and Weyerhaeuser Company are also named as defendants in the suit. In mid-2011, the suit was transferred from the District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin to the District Court for the Western District of Michigan.    The trial of the initial liability phase took place in February 2013. Weyerhaeuser conceded prior to trial that it was a liable party with respect to the site. In September 2013, an opinion and order was issued in the suit. The order concluded that the Company (as the successor to St. Regis) was not an “operator,” but was an “owner,” of the mill at issue during a portion of the relevant period and is therefore liable under CERCLA. The order also determined that NCR is a liable party as an "arranger for disposal" of PCBs in waste paper that was de-inked and recycled by mills along the Kalamazoo River. The order did not address the Company's responsibility, if any, for past or future costs. The parties’ responsibility, including that of the Company, was the subject of a second trial, which was concluded in late 2015.  In June 2018, the Court issued its Final Judgment and Order, which fixed the past cost amount at approximately  $50 million  (plus interest to be determined) and allocated to the Company a  15%  share of responsibility for those past costs. The Court did not address responsibility for future costs in its decision. In July 2018, the Company and each of the other parties filed notices appealing the Final Judgment and prior orders incorporated into that Judgment. As to future remediation costs, we remain unable to estimate our maximum reasonably possible loss with respect to this site. However, we do not believe that any material loss is probable. Harris County:  International Paper and McGinnis Industrial Maintenance Corporation (MIMC), a subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc. (WMI), are PRPs at the San Jacinto River Waste Pits Superfund Site in Harris County, Texas. The PRPs have been actively participating in the activities at the site and share the costs of these activities. In September 2016, the EPA issued a proposed remedial action plan (PRAP) for the site, which identified the preferred remedy as the removal of the contaminated material currently protected by an armored cap. In addition, the EPA selected a preferred remedy for the separate southern impoundment that requires offsite disposal. In January 2017, the PRPs submitted comments on the PRAP. On October 11, 2017, the EPA issued a Record of Decision (ROD) selecting the final remedy for the site: removal and relocation of the waste material from both the northern and southern impoundments. The EPA did not specify the methods or practices needed to perform this work. While the EPA’s selected remedy was accompanied by a cost estimate of approximately  $115 million , we do not believe that estimate provides a reasonable basis for accrual under GAAP because the estimate was based on a technological method for performing the work that we believe is not feasible. Subsequent to the issuance of the ROD, there have been numerous meetings between the EPA and the PRPs, and the Company continues to work with the EPA and MIMC/WMI to develop the remedial design.  63 Table of Contents To this end, in April 2018, the PRPs entered into an Administrative Order on Consent (AOC) with the EPA, agreeing to work together to develop the remedial design over the subsequent 29 months. The AOC does not include any agreement to perform waste removal or other construction activity at the site. Rather, it involves adaptive management techniques and a pre-design investigation, the objectives of which include filling data gaps (including but not limited to post-Hurricane Harvey technical data generated prior to the ROD and not incorporated into the selected remedy), refining areas and volumes of materials to be addressed, determining if an excavation remedy is able to be implemented in a manner protective of human health and the environment, and investigating potential impacts of remediation activities to infrastructure in the vicinity.  The Company has identified a number of concerns and uncertainties regarding the remedy described in the ROD and regarding the EPA’s estimates for the costs and time required to implement the selected remedy. The Company has determined, however, that even if the ROD cannot be implemented, a sheet pile "engineered barrier" can be constructed, which would enhance the existing remedy and could also be used should the ROD be determined to be feasible and implementable. We have increased our recorded liability accordingly to reflect the estimated cost of constructing this barrier. Because of ongoing questions regarding cost effectiveness, technical feasibility, timing and other technical data, however, it is uncertain how the ROD will be implemented. Consequently, while additional losses are probable as a result of the selected remedy, we are currently unable to determine any further adjustment to our immaterial recorded liability. It remains reasonably possible that additional losses could be material as the remedial design process with the EPA continues over the coming quarters. International Paper and MIMC/WMI are also defending an additional lawsuit related to the site brought by approximately  600  individuals who allege property damage and personal injury. Because this case is still in the discovery phase, it is premature to predict the outcome or to estimate a loss or range of loss, if any, which may be incurred. Antitrust Containerboard:  In June 2016, a lawsuit captioned  Ashley Furniture Indus., Inc. v. Packaging Corporation of America (W.D. Wis.) , was filed in federal court in Wisconsin against  ten  defendants, including the Company, Temple-Inland and Weyerhaeuser Company. The  Ashley Furniture  lawsuit alleged a civil violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act (in particular, that defendants conspired to limit the supply and thereby increase prices of containerboard products), and also asserted Wisconsin state antitrust claims.  In January    2019, the parties filed a stipulation to dismiss the  Ashley Furniture  lawsuit with prejudice, and the case is now closed. The Company made no payment in consideration for the dismissal. In January 2011, International Paper was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in state court in Cocke County, Tennessee alleging that International Paper violated Tennessee law by conspiring to limit the supply and fix the prices of containerboard from mid-2005 to the present. Plaintiffs in the state court action seek certification of a class of Tennessee indirect purchasers of containerboard products, damages and costs, including attorneys' fees. No class certification materials have been filed to date in the Tennessee action. The Company disputes the allegations made in the Tennessee lawsuit and is vigorously defending it. At this time, however, because the action is in a preliminary stage, we are unable to predict an outcome or estimate a range of reasonably possible loss. Contract Signature:  In August 2014, a lawsuit captioned  Signature Industrial Services LLC et al. v. International Paper Company  was filed in state court in Texas. The  Signature  lawsuit arises out of approximately  $1 million  in disputed invoices related to the installation of new equipment at the Company's Orange, Texas mill. In addition to the invoices in dispute,  Signature  and its president allege consequential damages arising from the Company's nonpayment of those invoices. The lawsuit was tried before a jury in Beaumont, Texas, in May 2017. On June 1, 2017, the jury returned a verdict awarding approximately  $125 million  in damages to the plaintiffs. The Court issued a judgment on December 14, 2017, awarding the plaintiffs a total of approximately  $137 million  in actual and consequential damages, fees, costs and pre-judgment interest, and awarding post-judgment interest. The Company has appealed this judgment. The Company has presented in its briefing numerous and strong bases for appeal, and we believe we will prevail on appeal. Because the appellate proceedings are ongoing, we are unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss, but we expect the amount of any loss to be immaterial. General The Company is involved in various other inquiries, administrative proceedings and litigation relating to environmental and safety matters, personal injury, labor and employment, contracts, sales of property, intellectual property, tax and other matters, some of which allege substantial monetary damages. While any proceeding or litigation has the element of uncertainty, the Company believes that the outcome of any of these other lawsuits or claims that are pending or threatened or all of them combined (other than those that cannot be assessed due to their preliminary nature) will not have  64 Table of Contents a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. See  Note 12  for details regarding a tax matter. NOTE 14 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  In connection with the 2006 sale of approximately  5.6 million  acres of forestlands, International Paper received installment notes (the Timber Notes) totaling approximately  $4.8 billion .  The Timber Notes were used as collateral for borrowings from third party lenders, which effectively monetized the Timber Notes through the creation of newly formed special purposes entities (the Entities). The monetization structure preserved the tax deferral that resulted from the 2006 forestlands sales.  As of December 31, 2018, this deferred tax liability was  $884 million .  During 2015, International Paper initiated a series of actions in order to extend the 2006 monetization structure and maintain the long-term nature of the deferred tax liability.  The Entities, with assets and liabilities primarily consisting of the Timber Notes and third-party bank loans (the Extension Loans), were restructured which resulted in the formation of wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote special purpose entities (the 2015 Financing Entities). The Timber Notes are shown in Financial assets of special purpose entities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and mature in  August 2021  unless extended for an additional  five  years. These notes, which do not require principal payments prior to their maturity, are supported by approximately  $4.8 billion  of irrevocable letters of credit.  The Extension Loans are shown in Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and mature in the fourth quarter of 2020. These bank loans, totaling approximately  $4.2 billion , are nonrecourse to the Company, and are secured by approximately  $4.8 billion  of Timber Notes, the irrevocable letters of credit supporting the Timber Notes and approximately  $150 million  of International Paper debt obligations. The  $150 million  of International Paper debt obligations are eliminated in the consolidation of the 2015 Financing Entities and are not reflected in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Provisions of loan agreements related to approximately  $1.1 billion  of the Extension Loans require the bank issuing letters of credit supporting the Timber Notes pledged as collateral to maintain a credit rating at or above a specified threshold. In the event the credit rating of the letter of credit bank is downgraded below the specified threshold, the letters of credit must be replaced within  60 days  with letters of credit from a qualifying financial institution.    As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of the Timber Notes was  $4.7 billion  and  $4.8 billion , respectively, and the fair value of the Extension Loans  was  $4.2 billion  and  $4.3 billion  for the years ended 2018 and 2017. The Timber Notes and Extension Loans are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in  Note 16 .     Activity between the Company and the 2015 Financing Entities was as follows:  In millions 2018 2017 2016 Revenue (a) $ 95 $ 95 $ 95 Expense (a) 128 128 128 Cash receipts (b) 95 95 77 Cash payments (c) 128 128 98 (a) The revenue and expense are included in Interest expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. (b) The cash receipts are interest received on the Financial assets of special purpose entities. (c) The cash payments represent interest paid on Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. In connection with the acquisition of Temple-Inland in February 2012, two special purpose entities became wholly-owned subsidiaries of International Paper. The use of the two wholly-owned special purpose entities discussed below preserved the tax deferral that resulted from the 2007 Temple-Inland timberlands sales. As of December 31, 2018, this deferred tax liability was  $538 million , which will be settled with the maturity of the notes in  2027 . In October 2007, Temple-Inland sold  1.55 million  acres of timberland for  $2.4 billion . The total consideration consisted almost entirely of notes due in  2027  issued by the buyer of the timberland, which Temple-Inland contributed to two wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote special purpose entities. The notes are shown in Financial assets of special purpose entities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and are supported by  $2.4 billion  of irrevocable letters of credit issued by three banks, which are required to maintain minimum credit ratings on their long-term debt. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of the notes was  $2.2 billion  and  $2.3 billion , respectively. These notes are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in  Note 16 . In December 2007, Temple-Inland's two wholly-owned special purpose entities borrowed  $2.1 billion  which is shown in Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. The loans are repayable in  2027  and are secured by the  $2.4 billion  of notes and the irrevocable letters of credit securing the notes, and are nonrecourse to us. The loan agreements provide that if a credit rating of any of the banks issuing the letters of credit is downgraded below the specified threshold, the  65 Table of Contents letters of credit issued by that bank must be replaced within  30 days  with letters of credit from another qualifying financial institution. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of this debt was  $2.0 billion  and  $2.1 billion  for the years ended 2018 and 2017, respectively. This debt is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, which is further defined in  Note 16 . Activity between the Company and the 2007 financing entities was as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Revenue (a) $ 72 $ 49 $ 37 Expense (b) 67 48 37 Cash receipts (c) 48 28 15 Cash payments (d) 57 39 27 (a) The revenue is included in Interest expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and includes approximately  $19 million  for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, of accretion income for the amortization of the purchase accounting adjustment on the Financial assets of special purpose entities. (b)  The expense is included in Interest expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and includes approximately  $7 million  for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, of accretion expense for the amortization of the purchase accounting adjustment on the Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. (c)    The cash receipts are interest received on the Financial assets of special purpose entities. (d)   The cash payments are interest paid on Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. NOTE 15 DEBT AND LINES OF CREDIT Amounts related to early debt extinguishment during the years ended December 31,  2018 ,  2017  and  2016  were as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 2016 Debt reductions (a) $ 780 $ 993 $ 266 Pre-tax early debt extinguishment costs (b) 10 83 29 (a) Reductions related to notes with interest rates ranging from  1.57%  to  9.38%  with original maturities from  2018  to  2032  for the years ended December 31,  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 .  (b) Amounts are included in Restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In June 2018, the borrowing capacity of  the commercial paper program was increased from  $750 million  to  $1.0 billion . Under the terms of the program, individual maturities on borrowings may vary, but not exceed one year from the date of issue. Interest bearing notes may be issued either as fixed notes or floating rate notes. As of  December 31, 2018 , the Company had  $465 million  outstanding under this program.   A summary of long-term debt follows:   In millions at December 31 2018 2017 8.7% note – due 2038 $ 264 $ 264 7.5% note – due 2021 406 409 7.3% note – due 2039 721 721 6 7/8% notes – due 2023 – 2029 131 131 6.65% note – due 2037 4 4 6.4% to 7.75% debentures due 2025 – 2027 144 143 6.0% note – due 2041 585 585 5.00% to 5.15% notes – due 2035 – 2046 1,288 1,281 4.8% note – due 2044 799 796 4.75% note – due 2022 355 817 3.00% to 4.40% notes – due 2024 – 2048 4,481 4,775 Floating rate notes – due 2018 – 2023 (a) 908 650 Environmental and industrial development bonds – due 2018 – 2035 (b) 566 585 Other (c) 2 (4 ) Total (d) 10,654 11,157 Less: current maturities 639 311 Long-term debt $ 10,015 $ 10,846 (a) The weighted average interest rate on these notes was  3.5%  in  2018  and  2.6%  in  2017 . (b) The weighted average interest rate on these bonds was  5.5%  in  2018  and  6.0%  in  2017 . (c) Includes  $60 million  and  $70 million  of debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. (d) The fair market value was approximately  $10.6 billion  at December 31, 2018 and  $12.3 billion  at  December 31, 2017 . Total maturities of long-term debt over the next five years are  2019  –  $639 million ;  2020  –  $83 million ;  2021  –  $441 million ;  2022  –  $487 million ; and  2023  –  $348 million .  At  December 31, 2018 , International Paper’s credit facilities (the Agreements) totaled  $2.1 billion . The Agreements generally provide for interest rates at a floating rate index plus a pre-determined margin dependent upon International Paper’s credit rating. The Agreements include a  $1.5 billion  contractually committed bank facility that expires in  December 2021 , and has a facility fee of  0.15%  payable annually. The liquidity facilities also include up to  $600 million  of uncommitted  financings based on eligible receivables balances under a receivables securitization program that expires in  December 2019 . At  December 31, 2018 , there were no borrowings under either the bank facility or receivables securitization program. The Company’s financial covenants require the maintenance of a minimum net worth, as defined in our debt agreements, of  $9 billion  and a total debt-to-capital ratio of less than  60% . Net worth is defined as the sum of common stock, paid-in capital and retained earnings,  66 Table of Contents less treasury stock plus any cumulative goodwill impairment charges. The calculation also excludes accumulated other comprehensive income/loss and Nonrecourse Financial Liabilities of Special Purpose Entities. The total debt-to-capital ratio is defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt plus net worth. As of  December 31, 2018 , we were in compliance with our debt covenants.  NOTE 16 DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES International Paper periodically uses derivatives and other financial instruments to hedge exposures to interest rate, commodity and currency risks. International Paper does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. For hedges that meet the hedge accounting criteria, International Paper, at inception, formally designates and documents the instrument as a fair value hedge, a cash flow hedge or a net investment hedge of a specific underlying exposure. INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT Our policy is to manage interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. To manage this risk in a cost-efficient manner, we enter into interest rate swaps whereby we agree to exchange with the counterparty, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable interest amounts calculated by reference to a notional amount. Interest rate swaps that meet specific accounting criteria are accounted for as fair value or cash flow hedges. For fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of both the hedging instruments and the underlying debt obligations are immediately recognized in interest expense. For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument is reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and reclassified into interest expense over the life of the underlying debt. The ineffective portion for both cash flow and fair value hedges, which is not material for any year presented, is immediately recognized in earnings. FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT We manufacture and sell our products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world and, as a result, are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The purpose of our foreign currency hedging program is to manage the volatility associated with the changes in exchange rates.   To manage this exchange rate risk, we have historically utilized a combination of forward contracts, options and currency swaps. Contracts that qualify are designated as cash flow hedges of certain forecasted transactions denominated in foreign currencies. The effective portion of the changes in fair value of these instruments is reported in AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the same financial statement line item and in the same period or periods during which the related hedged transactions affect earnings. The ineffective portion, which is not material for any year presented, is immediately recognized in earnings. The change in value of certain non-qualifying instruments used to manage foreign exchange exposure of intercompany financing transactions and certain balance sheet items subject to revaluation is immediately recognized in earnings, substantially offsetting the foreign currency mark-to-market impact of the related exposure. COMMODITY RISK MANAGEMENT Certain raw materials used in our production processes are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. To manage the volatility in earnings due to price fluctuations, we may utilize swap contracts or forward purchase contracts.  Derivative instruments are reported in the consolidated balance sheets at their fair values, unless the derivative instruments qualify for the normal purchase normal sale (NPNS) exception under GAAP and such exception has been elected.  If the NPNS exception is elected, the fair values of such contracts are not recognized on the balance sheet. Contracts that qualify are designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted commodity purchases. The effective portion of the changes in fair value for these instruments is reported in AOCI and reclassified into  earnings in the same financial statement line item and in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. The ineffective and non-qualifying portions, which are not material for any year presented, are immediately recognized in earnings. The change in the fair value of certain non-qualifying instruments used to reduce commodity price volatility is immediately recognized in earnings. 67 Table of Contents The notional amounts of qualifying and non-qualifying instruments used in hedging transactions were as follows:   In millions December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships:     Foreign exchange contracts (a) 407 329 Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships:        Interest rate contracts 700 — Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:     Electricity contract 8 13 Foreign exchange contracts 19 10 (a) These contracts had maturities of  two years  or less as of  December 31, 2018 .   The following table shows gains or losses recognized in AOCI, net of tax, related to derivative instruments:    Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivatives (Effective Portion) In millions 2018 2017 2016 Foreign exchange contracts $ (10 ) $ 15 $ 4 Interest rate contracts — — (10 ) Total $ (10 ) $ 15 $ (6 ) During the next  12 months , the amount of the  December 31, 2018  AOCI balance, after tax, that is expected to be reclassified to earnings is a loss of  $4 million . The amounts of gains and losses recognized in the consolidated statement of operations on qualifying and non-qualifying financial instruments used in hedging transactions were as follows:      Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion)   Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion) In millions 2018   2017   2016      Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships:               Foreign exchange contracts $ (1 )   $ 8   $ 7    Cost of products sold Interest rate contracts (1 )   (1 )   —   Interest expense, net Total $ (2 )   $ 7   $ 7          Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income     Location of Gain (Loss) in Consolidated Statement of Operations In millions 2018     2017     2016        Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships:                     Interest rate contracts $ 16     $ —      $ —     Interest expense, net Debt (16 )      —     —      Interest expense, net Total $ —      $ —      $ —        Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:                     Electricity Contracts $ 2     $ (10 )     $ —     Cost of products sold Foreign exchange contracts 1     —   —     Cost of products sold Interest rate contracts —   1 (a)   5 (b)   Interest expense, net Total $ 3     $ (9 )      $ 5       (a) Excluding gain of  $1 million  related to debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges. (b)  Excluding gain of  $2 million  related to debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges. Fair Value Measurements International Paper’s financial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value consist of derivative contracts, including interest rate swaps, foreign currency forward contracts, options and other financial instruments that    are used to hedge exposures to interest rate, commodity and currency risks.  For these financial instruments, fair value is determined at each balance sheet date using an income approach. 68 Table of Contents The guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures sets out a fair value hierarchy that groups fair value measurement inputs into the following three classifications: Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2: Observable market-based inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability reflecting the reporting entity’s own assumptions or external inputs from inactive markets. Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. All of International Paper’s derivative fair value measurements use Level 2 inputs. Below is a description of the valuation calculation and the inputs used for each class of contract: Interest Rate Contracts Interest rate contracts are valued using swap curves obtained from an independent market data provider. The market value of each contract is the sum of the fair value of all future interest payments between the contract counterparties, discounted to present value. The fair value of the future interest payments is determined by comparing the contract rate to the derived forward    interest rate and present valued using the appropriate derived interest rate curve. Foreign Exchange Contracts Foreign currency forward and option contracts are valued using standard valuation models. Significant inputs used in these standard valuation models are foreign currency forward and interest rate curves  and a volatility measurement.  The fair value of each contract is present valued using the applicable interest rate. All significant inputs are readily available in public markets, or can be derived from observable market transactions. Electricity Contract The Company is party to an electricity contract used to manage market fluctuations in energy pricing. The Company's electricity contract is valued using the Mid-C index forward curve obtained from the Intercontinental Exchange. The market value of the contract is the sum of the fair value of all future purchase payments between the contract counterparties, discounted to present value. The fair value of the future purchase payments is determined by comparing the contract price to the forward price and present valued using International Paper's cost of capital. Since the volume and level of activity of the markets that each of the above contracts are traded in has been normal, the fair value calculations have not been adjusted for inactive markets or disorderly transactions. The following table provides a summary of the impact of our derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheet: Fair Value Measurements Level 2 – Significant Other Observable Inputs      Assets   Liabilities   In millions December 31, 2018   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2018   December 31, 2017   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments                 Foreign exchange contracts – cash flow $ 3 $ 11 $ 10 $ 1 Interest rate contracts – fair value  16   —   —   —   Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 19 (a) 11 (b) 10 (c) 1 (c) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments                 Electricity contract — — 4 8 Foreign exchange contracts —   —   1   —   Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments —    —    5 (c) 8 (d) Total derivatives $ 19    $ 11    $ 15    $ 9    (a) Includes  $2 million  recorded in Other current assets and  $17 million  recorded in Deferred charges and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. (b) Included in Other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. (c) Included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. (d) Includes  $5 million  recorded in Other accrued liabilities and  $3 million  recorded in Other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 69 Table of Contents The above contracts are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements that provide rights of offset with each counterparty when amounts are payable on the same date in the same currency or in the case of certain specified defaults. Management has made an accounting policy election to not offset the fair value of recognized derivative assets and derivative liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  The amounts owed to the counterparties and owed to the Company are considered immaterial with respect to each counterparty and in the aggregate with all counterparties. Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features International Paper evaluates credit risk by monitoring its exposure with each counterparty to ensure that exposure stays within acceptable policy limits. Credit risk is also mitigated by contractual provisions with the majority of our banks. Certain of the contracts include a credit support annex that requires the posting of collateral by the counterparty or International Paper based on each party’s rating and level of exposure. Based on the Company’s current credit rating, the collateral threshold is generally  $15 million . If the lower of the Company’s credit rating by Moody’s or S&P were to drop below investment grade, the Company would be required to post collateral for all of its derivatives in a net liability position, although no derivatives would terminate. As of  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , there were no derivative instruments containing credit-risk-related contingent features in a net liability position. The Company was   not  required to post any collateral as of  December 31, 2018  or  2017 .  NOTE 17 CAPITAL STOCK The authorized capital stock at both  December 31, 2018  and  2017 , consisted of  990,850,000  shares of common stock,  $1  par value;  400,000  shares of cumulative  $4  preferred stock, without par value (stated value  $100  per share); and  8,750,000  shares of serial preferred stock,  $1  par value. The serial preferred stock is issuable in one or more series by the Board of Directors without further shareholder action.   The following is a rollforward of shares of common stock for the three years ended  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016 :      Common Stock In thousands Issued Treasury Balance at January 1, 2016 448,916 36,776 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — (2,745 ) Repurchase of stock — 3,640 Balance at December 31, 2016 448,916 37,671 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — (2,577 ) Repurchase of stock — 881 Balance at December 31, 2017 448,916 35,975 Issuance of stock for various plans, net — (1,721 ) Repurchase of stock — 14,056 Balance at December 31, 2018 448,916 48,310 NOTE 18 RETIREMENT PLANS International Paper sponsors and maintains the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (the Pension Plan), a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides retirement benefits to substantially all U.S. salaried employees and hourly employees (receiving salaried benefits) hired prior to July 1, 2004, and substantially all other U.S. hourly and union employees who work at a participating business unit regardless of hire date. These employees generally are  eligible to participate in the Pension Plan upon attaining  21  years of age and completing one year of eligibility service. U.S. salaried employees and hourly employees (receiving salaried benefits) hired after June 30, 2004 are not eligible to participate in the Pension Plan, but receive a company contribution to their individual savings plan accounts (see Other U.S. Plans); however, salaried employees hired by Temple Inland prior to March 1, 2007 or Weyerhaeuser Company's Cellulose Fibers division prior to December 1, 2011 also participate in the Pension Plan. The Pension Plan provides defined pension benefits based on years of credited service and either final average earnings (salaried employees and hourly employees receiving salaried benefits), hourly job rates or specified benefit rates (hourly and union employees).   70 Table of Contents The Company also has three unfunded nonqualified defined benefit pension plans: a Pension Restoration Plan available to employees hired prior to July 1, 2004 that provides retirement benefits based on eligible compensation in excess of limits set by the Internal Revenue Service, and two supplemental retirement plans for senior managers (SERP), which is an alternative retirement plan for salaried employees who are senior vice presidents and above or who are designated by the chief executive officer as participants. These nonqualified plans are only funded to the extent of benefits paid, which totaled  $29 million ,  $40 million  and  $21 million  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively, and which are expected to be  $27 million  in  2019 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has frozen participation, including credited service and compensation, for salaried employees under the Pension Plan, the Pension Restoration Plan and the two SERP plans for all service on or after January 1, 2019. This change does not affect benefits accrued through December 31, 2018. For service after this date, employees affected by the freeze will receive Retirement Savings Account contributions as described later in this  Note 18 . Many non-U.S. employees are covered by various retirement benefit arrangements, some of which are considered to be defined benefit pension plans for accounting purposes.   OBLIGATIONS AND FUNDED STATUS The following table shows the changes in the benefit obligation and plan assets for  2018  and  2017 , and the plans’ funded status.     2018 2017 In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Change in projected benefit obligation:         Benefit obligation, January 1 $ 13,264 $ 247 $ 13,683 $ 219 Service cost 153 5 160 4 Interest cost 467 8 536 9 Settlements (1,653 ) (2 ) (1,295 ) (4 ) Actuarial loss (gain) (1,089 ) (17 ) 913 2 Acquisitions — — — 5 Divestitures — — 33 — Plan amendments 2 — 3 — Benefits paid (677 ) (9 ) (769 ) (8 ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements — (17 ) — 20 Benefit obligation, December 31 $ 10,467 $ 215 $ 13,264 $ 247 Change in plan assets:         Fair value of plan assets, January 1 $ 11,368 $ 176 $ 10,312 $ 153 Actual return on plan assets (332 ) (2 ) 1,830 10 Company contributions 29 10 1,290 10 Benefits paid (677 ) (9 ) (769 ) (8 ) Settlements (1,653 ) (2 ) (1,295 ) (4 ) Other — — — 3 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements — (12 ) — 12 Fair value of plan assets, December 31 $ 8,735 $ 161 $ 11,368 $ 176 Funded status, December 31 $ (1,732 ) $ (54 ) $ (1,896 ) $ (71 ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet:         Non-current asset $ — $ 5 $ — $ 5 Current liability (27 ) (2 ) (30 ) (3 ) Non-current liability (1,705 ) (57 ) (1,866 ) (73 )   $ (1,732 ) $ (54 ) $ (1,896 ) $ (71 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income under ASC 715 (pre-tax):         Prior service cost (credit) $ 74 $ (1 ) $ 88 $ (1 ) Net actuarial loss 3,140 57 3,893 67   $ 3,214 $ 56 $ 3,981 $ 66 71 Table of Contents The largest contributor to the actuarial gain affecting the benefit obligation was the increase in the discount rate from  3.60%  at December 31, 2017 to   4.30%  at December 31, 2018 which improved the funded position.  Mortality rates, retirement rates for hourly employees, termination rates, disability incidence and the salary increase assumption were updated to reflect an experience study completed in 2018 which also improved the funded position. The components of the  $(767) million  and  $(10) million  related to U.S. plans and non-U.S. plans, respectively, in the amounts recognized in OCI during  2018  consisted of:   In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Current year actuarial (gain) loss $ 8 $ (4 ) Amortization of actuarial loss (337 ) (2 ) Current year prior service cost 2 — Amortization of prior service cost (16 ) — Settlements (424 ) — Effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements — (4 )   $ (767 ) $ (10 ) The portion of the change in the funded status that was recognized in either net periodic benefit cost or OCI for the U.S. plans was  $(134) million ,  $(184) million  and  $626 million  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively.  The portion of the change in funded status for the non-U.S. plans was   $(6) million ,  $10 million , and  $23 million  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively.  The accumulated benefit obligation at  December 31, 2018  and  2017  was  $10.4 billion  and  $13.2 billion , respectively, for our U.S. defined benefit plans and   $200 million  and  $230 million , respectively, at  December 31, 2018  and  2017  for our non-U.S. defined benefit plans. The following table summarizes information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at  December 31, 2018  and  2017 :      2018 2017 In millions U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans Projected benefit obligation $ 10,467 $ 187 $ 13,264 $ 215 Accumulated benefit obligation 10,440 175 13,161 200 Fair value of plan assets 8,735 128 11,368 139 ASC 715, “Compensation – Retirement Benefits” provides for delayed recognition of actuarial gains and losses, including amounts arising from changes in the estimated projected plan benefit obligation due to changes in the assumed discount rate, differences    between the actual and expected return on plan assets and other assumption changes. These net gains and losses are recognized prospectively over a period that approximates the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plans to the extent that they are not offset by gains in subsequent years.  NET PERIODIC PENSION EXPENSE Service cost is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the plans’ benefit formula to services rendered by employees during the year. Interest cost represents the increase in the projected benefit obligation, which is a discounted amount, due to the passage of time. The expected return on plan assets reflects the computed amount of current-year earnings from the investment of plan assets using an estimated long-term rate of return. Net periodic pension expense for qualified and nonqualified U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit plans comprised the following:      2018 2017 2016 In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Service cost $ 153 $ 5 $ 160 $ 4 $ 158 $ 4 Interest cost 467 8 536 9 580 9 Expected return on plan assets (765 ) (11 ) (774 ) (11 ) (815 ) (10 ) Actuarial loss / (gain) 337 2 339 2 400 1 Amortization of prior service cost 16 — 28 — 41 — Curtailment loss / (gain) (a) — — 23 — — — Settlement loss 424 — 383 1 445 — Special termination benefits (a) — — 22 — — — Net periodic pension expense $ 632 $ 4 $ 717 $ 5 $ 809 $ 4 (a)    Recorded in Discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of operations.   The components of net periodic pension expense other than the Service cost component are included in Non-operating pension expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The decrease in 2018 pension expense primarily reflects lower interest cost on a lower 2018 projected benefit obligation along with the current year absence of a curtailment loss and special termination benefits associated with North American Consumer Packaging transaction, partially offset by a higher settlement loss in the current year associated with the October 2018 annuity purchase transaction.  72 Table of Contents On September 25, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America to purchase a group annuity contract and transfer approximately  $1.6 billion  of International Paper's U.S. qualified pension plan projected benefit obligations, subject to customary closing conditions. The transaction closed on October 2, 2018 and was funded with pension plan assets. Under the transaction, at the end of 2018, Prudential assumed responsibility for pension benefits and annuity administration for approximately  23,000  retirees or their beneficiaries receiving less than  $1,000  in monthly benefit payments from the plan. Settlement accounting rules required a remeasurement of the qualified plan as of October 2, 2018 and the Company recognized a non-cash pension settlement charge of  $424 million  before tax in the fourth quarter of 2018. On September 26, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America to purchase a group annuity contract and transfer approximately  $1.3 billion  of International Paper's U.S. qualified pension plan projected benefit obligations, subject to customary closing conditions. The transaction closed on October 3, 2017 and was funded with pension plan assets. Under the transaction, at the end of 2017, Prudential assumed responsibility for pension benefits and annuity administration for approximately  45,000  retirees or their beneficiaries receiving less than  $450  in monthly benefit payments from the plan. Settlement accounting rules required a remeasurement of the qualified plan as of October 3, 2017 and the Company recognized a non-cash pension settlement charge of  $376 million  before tax in the fourth quarter of 2017. In addition, large payments from the non-qualified pension plan also required a remeasurement as of October 2, 2017 and a non-cash settlement charge of  $7 million  was also recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017.    In the first quarter of 2016 International Paper  announced a voluntary, limited-time opportunity for former employees who are participants in the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (the Pension Plan) to request early payment of their entire Pension Plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. The amount of total payments under this program was approximately  $1.2 billion , and were made from Plan trust assets on June 30, 2016.  Based on the level of payments made, settlement accounting rules applied and resulted in a plan remeasurement as of the June 30, 2016 payment date. As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized a pro-rata portion of the unamortized net actuarial loss, after remeasurement, resulting in a  $439 million  non-cash charge to the Company's earnings in the second quarter of 2016.  Additional payments of  $8 million  and  $9 million  were made during the third and fourth quarters, respectively, due to mandatory cash payouts and a small lump sum payout, and the Pension Plan was subsequently remeasured at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016.  As a result of settlement accounting, the Company recognized non-cash settlement charges of  $3 million  in both the third and fourth quarters of 2016. ASSUMPTIONS International Paper evaluates its actuarial assumptions annually as of December 31 (the measurement date) and considers changes in these long-term factors based upon market conditions and the requirements for employers’ accounting for pensions. These assumptions are used to calculate benefit obligations as of December 31 of the current year and pension expense to be recorded in the following year (i.e., the discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation as of  December 31, 2018  is also the discount rate used to determine net pension expense for the  2019  year). Major actuarial assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations and net periodic pension cost for our defined benefit plans are presented in the following table:    2018 2017 2016    U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31:             Discount rate 4.30 % 3.97 % 3.60 % 3.59 % 4.10 % 3.88 % Rate of compensation increase 2.25 % 4.05 % 3.75 % 4.06 % 3.75 % 4.20 % Actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost for years ended December 31:             Discount rate (a) 3.80 % 3.59 % 4.03 % 3.88 % 4.05 % 4.72 % Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.50 % 6.52 % 7.50 % 6.73 % 7.75 % 6.55 % Rate of compensation increase 3.38 % 4.06 % 3.75 % 4.20 % 3.75 % 4.03 %   (a)    Represents the weighted average rate for the U.S. qualified plans in 2018, 2017 and 2016 due to the remeasurements. 73 Table of Contents The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. Projected rates of return are developed through an asset/liability study in which projected returns for each of the plan’s asset classes are determined after analyzing historical experience and future expectations of returns and volatility of the various asset classes.  Based on the target asset allocation for each asset class, the overall expected rate of return for the portfolio is developed considering the effects of active portfolio management and expenses paid from plan assets. The discount rate assumption was determined from a universe of high quality corporate bonds. A settlement portfolio is selected and matched to the present value of the plan’s projected benefit payments. To calculate pension expense for  2019 , the Company will use an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of  7.25%  for the Retirement Plan of International Paper, a discount rate of  4.30%  and an assumed rate of compensation increase of  2.25% . The Company estimates that it will record net pension expense of approximately  $103 million  for its U.S. defined benefit plans in  2019 , compared to expense of  $632 million  in  2018 . The 2018 expense includes  $424 million  of settlement accounting charges. Excluding these settlement charges, the estimated decrease in net pension expense in 2019 is primarily due to lower amortization of actuarial losses and lower service cost partially offset by lower asset returns due to the annuity purchase and a decrease in the expected long-term  return on asset assumption from  7.50%  in 2018 to  7.25%  in 2019. For non-U.S. pension plans, assumptions reflect economic assumptions applicable to each country. The following illustrates the effect on pension expense for  2019  of a  25  basis point decrease in the above assumptions:   In millions 2019 Expense/(Income):   Discount rate $ 27 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 22 PLAN ASSETS International Paper’s Board of Directors has appointed a Fiduciary Review Committee that is responsible for fiduciary oversight of the U.S. Pension Plan, approving investment policy and reviewing the management and control of plan assets. Pension Plan assets are invested to maximize returns within prudent levels of risk.    The Pension Plan maintains a strategic asset allocation policy that designates target allocations by asset class. Investments are diversified across classes and within each class to minimize the risk of large losses. Derivatives, including swaps, forward and futures contracts, may be used as asset class substitutes or for hedging or other risk management purposes. Periodic reviews are made of investment policy objectives and investment manager performance. For non-U.S. plans, assets consist principally of common stock and fixed income securities. International Paper’s U.S. pension allocations by type of fund at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and target allocations were as follows: Asset Class 2018 2017 Target Allocations Equity accounts 32 % 49 % 32% - 43% Fixed income accounts 51 % 36 % 44% - 56% Real estate accounts 11 % 10 % 5% - 11% Other 6 % 5 % 3% - 8% Total 100 % 100 %   The fair values of International Paper’s pension plan assets at  December 31, 2018  and  2017  by asset class are shown below.  Hedge funds disclosed in the following table are allocated equally between equity and fixed income accounts for target allocation purposes.  Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2018 Asset Class Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions             Equities – domestic $ 685 $ 685 $ — $ — Equities – international 1,150 1,141 9 — Corporate bonds 1,434 — 1,434 — Government securities 2,262 — 2,262 — Mortgage backed securities — — — — Other fixed income (723 ) — (736 ) 13 Derivatives 98 — — 98 Cash and cash equivalents 294 294 — — Other investments:           Equities - domestic 515         Equities - international 433         Corporate bonds 59         Other fixed income 180         Hedge funds 886         Private equity 518         Real estate funds 944       Total Investments $ 8,735 $ 2,120 $ 2,969 $ 111 74 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2017 Asset Class Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions             Equities – domestic $ 1,291 $ 1,291 $ — $ — Equities – international 2,132 2,119 13 — Corporate bonds 1,177 — 1,177 — Government securities 2,778 — 2,778 — Mortgage backed securities 1 — — 1 Other fixed income (802 ) — (814 ) 12 Derivatives 8 — (8 ) 16 Cash and cash equivalents 397 397 — — Other investments:           Equities - domestic 708         Equities - international 866         Corporate bonds 66         Other fixed income 232         Hedge funds 927         Private equity 481         Real estate funds 1,106       Total Investments $ 11,368 $ 3,807 $ 3,146 $ 29 In accordance with accounting standards, the following investments are measured at NAV and are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. Some of the investments have redemption limitations, restrictions, and notice requirements which are further explained below.  Other Investments at December 31, 2018 Investment Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Redemption Frequency Remediation Notice Period In millions         Equities – domestic $ 515 $ — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Equities – international 433 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Corporate bonds 59 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Other fixed income 180 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Hedge funds 886 — Daily to annually 1 - 100 days Private equity 518 310 (a) None Real estate funds 944 109 Quarterly 45 - 60 days Total $ 3,535 $ 419     (a) A private equity fund investment ("partnership interest") is contractually locked up for the life of the private equity fund by the partnership agreement. Limited partners do not have the option to redeem partnership interests.    Other Investments at December 31, 2017 Investment Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Redemption Frequency Remediation Notice Period In millions             Equities - domestic $ 708 $ — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Equities - international 866 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Corporate bonds 66 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Other fixed income 232 — Daily to monthly 1-5 days Hedge funds 927 — Daily to annually 1 - 100 days Private equity 481 262 (a) None Real estate funds 1,106 121 Quarterly 45 - 60 days Total $ 4,386 $ 383 (a) A private equity fund investment ("partnership interest") is contractually locked up for the life of the private equity fund by the partnership agreement. Limited partners do not have the option to redeem partnership interests.  Equity securities consist primarily of publicly traded U.S. companies and international companies. Publicly traded equities are valued at the closing prices reported in the active market in which the individual securities are traded.  Fixed income consists of government securities, mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds, common collective funds and other fixed income investments. Government securities are valued by third-party pricing sources. Mortgage-backed security holdings consist primarily of agency-rated holdings. The fair value estimates for mortgage securities are calculated by third-party pricing sources chosen by the custodian’s price matrix. Corporate bonds are valued using either the yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings or using a discounted cash flows approach that utilizes observable inputs, such as current yields of similar instruments, but includes adjustments for certain risks that may not be observable, such as credit and liquidity risks. Common collective funds are valued at the net asset value per share multiplied by the number of shares held as of the measurement date. Other fixed income investments of  $(723) million  and  $(802) million  at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, primarily include reverse repurchase agreement obligations in which we have sold a security and have an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially the same security at a later date for a price specified in the agreement. Derivative investments such as futures, forward contracts, options and swaps are used to help manage risks. Derivatives are generally employed as an asset class substitutes (such as when employed in a portable alpha strategy), for managing asset/liability mismatches, or bona fide hedging or other appropriate risk management purposes.    Derivative instruments are generally valued by the investment managers or in certain instances by third-party pricing sources. 75 Table of Contents Hedge funds are investment structures for managing private, loosely-regulated investment pools that can pursue a diverse array of investment strategies with a wide range of different securities and derivative instruments. These investments are made through funds-of-funds (commingled, multi-manager fund structures) and through direct investments in individual hedge funds. Hedge funds are primarily valued by each fund’s third-party administrator based upon the valuation of the underlying securities and instruments and primarily by applying a market or income valuation methodology as appropriate depending on the specific type of security or instrument held. Funds-of-funds are valued based upon the net asset values of the underlying investments in hedge funds.   Private equity consists of interests in partnerships that invest in U.S. and non-U.S. debt and equity securities. Partnership interests are valued using the most recent general partner statement of fair value, updated for any subsequent partnership interest cash flows. Real estate funds include commercial properties, land and timberland, and generally includes, but is not limited to, retail, office, industrial, multifamily and hotel properties. Real estate fund values are primarily reported by the fund manager and are based on valuation of the underlying investments which include inputs such as cost, discounted cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. The following is a reconciliation of the assets that are classified using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) at  December 31, 2018 . Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions Mortgage backed securities Other fixed income Derivatives Total Beginning balance at December 31, 2016 $ 1 $ 11 $ (71 ) $ (59 ) Actual return on plan assets:         Relating to assets still held at the reporting date — 1 94 95 Relating to assets sold during the period — — (23 ) (23 ) Purchases, sales and settlements — — 16 16 Transfers in and/or out of Level 3  — — — — Ending balance at December 31, 2017 $ 1 $ 12 $ 16 $ 29 Actual return on plan assets:         Relating to assets still held at the reporting date — 1 75 76 Relating to assets sold during the period — — (19 ) (19 ) Purchases, sales and settlements (1 ) — 26 25 Transfers in and/or out of Level 3  — — — — Ending balance at December 31, 2018 $ — $ 13 $ 98 $ 111   FUNDING AND CASH FLOWS The Company’s funding policy for the Pension Plan is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that the Company may determine to be appropriate considering the funded status of the plans, tax deductibility, cash flow generated by the Company, and other factors. The Company continually reassesses the amount and  timing of any discretionary contributions.  Contributions to the qualified plan totaling  $1.25 billion  and  $750 million  were made by the Company in  2017  and  2016 , respectively. No voluntary contributions were made in 2018. Generally, International Paper’s non-U.S. pension plans are funded using the projected benefit as a target, except in certain countries where funding of benefit plans is not required.   At  December 31, 2018 , projected future pension benefit payments, excluding any termination benefits, were as follows:   In millions    2019 $ 562 2020 571 2021 585 2022 597 2023 611 2024-2028 3,191 OTHER U.S. PLANS International Paper sponsors the International Paper Company Salaried Savings Plan and the International Paper Company Hourly Savings Plan, both of which are tax-qualified defined contribution 401(k) savings plans.  76 Table of Contents Substantially all U.S. salaried and certain hourly employees are eligible to participate and may make elective deferrals to such plans to save for retirement. International Paper makes matching contributions to participant accounts on a specified percentage of employee deferrals as determined by the provisions of each plan. For eligible employees hired after June 30, 2004, the Company makes Retirement Savings Account contributions equal to a percentage of an eligible employee’s pay. Beginning in 2019, as a result of the freeze for salaried employees under the Pension Plan,  all salaried employees will be eligible for the contribution to the Retirement Savings Account. The Company also sponsors the International Paper Company Deferred Compensation Savings Plan, which is an unfunded nonqualified defined contribution plan. This plan permits eligible employees to continue to make deferrals and receive company matching contributions (and Retirement Savings Account contributions) when their contributions to the International Paper Salaried Savings Plan are stopped due to limitations under U.S. tax law. Participant deferrals and company contributions are not invested in a separate trust, but are paid directly from International Paper’s general assets at the time benefits become due and payable. Company contributions to the plans totaled approximately  $125 million ,  $117 million  and  $106 million  for the plan years ending in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively. NOTE 19 POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS U.S. POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS International Paper provides certain retiree health care and life insurance benefits covering certain U.S. salaried and hourly employees. These employees are generally eligible for benefits upon retirement and completion of a specified number of years of creditable service. International Paper does not fund these benefits prior to payment and has the right to modify or terminate certain of these plans in the future. In addition to the U.S. plan, certain Brazilian and Moroccan employees are eligible for retiree health care and life insurance benefits.   The components of postretirement benefit expense in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016  were as follows:   In millions 2018 2017 2016   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Service cost $ 1 $ — $ 1 $ — $ 1 $ — Interest cost 8 2 11 2 11 3 Actuarial loss 9 2 8 3 5 2 Amortization of prior service credits (2 ) (3 ) (3 ) (4 ) (4 ) (4 ) Net postretirement expense $ 16 $ 1 $ 17 $ 1 $ 13 $ 1 International Paper evaluates its actuarial assumptions annually as of December 31 (the measurement date) and considers changes in these long-term factors based upon market conditions and the requirements of employers’ accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions. The discount rate assumption was determined based on a hypothetical settlement portfolio selected from a universe of high quality corporate bonds. The discount rates used to determine net U.S. and non-U.S. postretirement benefit cost for the years ended  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016  were as follows:     2018 2017 2016   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Discount rate 3.50 % 9.38 % 4.00 % 10.53 % 4.20 % 12.23 % The weighted average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation at  December 31, 2018  and  2017  were as follows:     2018 2017   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Discount rate 4.20 % 9.10 % 3.50 % 9.38 % Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 7.00 % 10.04 % 6.50 % 10.27 % Rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to 5.00 % 4.93 % 5.00 % 5.15 % Year that the rate reaches the rate it is assumed to remain 2026 2030 2022 2028 77 Table of Contents The plans are only funded in an amount equal to benefits paid. The following table presents the changes in benefit obligation and plan assets for  2018  and  2017 :   In millions 2018 2017   U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Change in projected benefit obligation:         Benefit obligation, January 1 $ 270 $ 25 $ 280 $ 23 Service cost 1 — 1 — Interest cost 8 2 11 2 Participants’ contributions 5 — 5 — Actuarial (gain) loss (34 ) 2 14 2 Plan amendments — — — — Benefits paid (38 ) (1 ) (42 ) (2 ) Less: Federal subsidy 1 — 1 — Currency Impact — (4 ) — — Benefit obligation, December 31 $ 213 $ 24 $ 270 $ 25 Change in plan assets:         Fair value of plan assets, January 1 $ — $ — $ — $ — Company contributions 33 1 37 2 Participants’ contributions 5 — 5 — Benefits paid (38 ) (1 ) (42 ) (2 ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 $ — $ — $ — $ — Funded status, December 31 $ (213 ) $ (24 ) $ (270 ) $ (25 ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet under ASC 715:         Current liability $ (23 ) $ (1 ) $ (28 ) $ (1 ) Non-current liability (190 ) (23 ) (242 ) (24 )   $ (213 ) $ (24 ) $ (270 ) $ (25 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income under ASC 715 (pre-tax):         Net actuarial loss (gain) $ 31 $ 15 $ 74 $ 19 Prior service credit (4 ) (22 ) (6 ) (30 )   $ 27 $ (7 ) $ 68 $ (11 ) The non-current portion of the liability is included with the postemployment liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet under Postretirement and postemployment benefit obligation.   The components of the  ($41) million  and   $4 million  change in the amounts recognized in OCI during  2018  for U.S. and non-U.S. plans, respectively, consisted of:   In millions U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans Current year actuarial (gain) loss $ (34 ) $ 2 Amortization of actuarial (loss) gain (9 ) (2 ) Current year prior service cost — — Amortization of prior service credit 2 3 Currency impact — 1   $ (41 ) $ 4 The portion of the change in the funded status that was recognized in either net periodic benefit cost or OCI for the U.S. plans was  $(25) million ,  $25 million  and  $42 million  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively.  The portion of the change in funded status for the non-U.S. plans was   $5 million ,  $3 million , and  $(25) million  in  2018 ,  2017  and  2016 , respectively.  At  December 31, 2018 , estimated total future postretirement benefit payments, net of participant contributions and estimated future Medicare Part D subsidy receipts, were as follows:   In millions Benefit Payments Subsidy Receipts Benefit Payments   U.S. Plans U.S. Plans Non- U.S. Plans 2019 $ 24 $ 1 $ 1 2020 23 1 1 2021 21 1 1 2022 20 1 1 2023 19 1 1 2024 – 2028 77 5 7 NOTE 20 INCENTIVE PLANS International Paper currently has an Incentive Compensation Plan (ICP) which, upon the approval by the Company’s shareholders in May 2009, replaced the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (LTICP). The ICP authorizes grants of restricted stock, restricted or deferred stock units, performance awards payable in cash or stock upon the attainment of specified performance goals, dividend equivalents, stock options,  78 Table of Contents stock appreciation rights, other stock-based awards, and cash-based awards at the discretion of the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee) that administers the ICP.   Additionally, restricted stock, which may be deferred into RSU’s, may be awarded under a Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN Under the Performance Share Plan (PSP), contingent awards of International Paper common stock are granted by the Committee. The PSP awards are earned over a three-year period. PSP awards are earned based on the achievement of defined performance rankings of Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) and Total Shareholder Return (TSR) compared to ROIC and TSR peer groups of companies. The 2016-2018 and 2017-2019 Awards are weighted  75%  for ROIC and  25%  for TSR for all participants except for officers for whom the awards are weighted  50%  for ROIC and  50%  for TSR. The 2018-2020 Award is weighted  50%  ROIC and  50%  TSR for all participants. The ROIC component of the PSP awards is valued at the closing stock price on the day prior to the grant date. As the ROIC component contains a performance condition, compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded over the requisite service period based on the most probable number of awards expected to vest. The TSR component of the PSP awards is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation as the TSR component contains a market condition. The Monte Carlo simulation estimates the fair value of the TSR component based on the expected term of the award, a risk-free rate, expected dividends, and the expected volatility for the Company and its competitors. The expected term is estimated based on the vesting period of the awards, the risk-free rate is based on the yield on U.S. Treasury securities matching the vesting period, and the volatility is based on the Company’s historical volatility over the expected term. PSP grants are made in performance-based restricted stock units.  The following table sets forth the assumptions used to determine compensation cost for the market condition component of the PSP plan:      Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2018 Expected volatility 22.75%-22.99% Risk-free interest rate 1.31%-1.98%   The following summarizes PSP activity for the three years ending  December 31, 2018 :     Share/Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding at December 31, 2015 5,857,733 $38.69 Granted 2,617,982 37.26 Shares issued (2,316,085 ) 43.82 Forfeited (209,500 ) 43.61 Outstanding at December 31, 2016 5,950,130 35.89 Granted 2,163,912 51.78 Shares issued (1,876,134 ) 51.00 Forfeited (438,024 ) 45.96 Outstanding at December 31, 2017 5,799,884 36.17 Granted 1,751,235 62.97 Shares issued (1,588,642 ) 53.67 Forfeited (196,000 ) 56.57 Outstanding at December 31, 2018 5,766,477 $38.79 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD PROGRAMS The service-based Restricted Stock Award program (RSA), designed for recruitment, retention and special recognition purposes, provides for awards of restricted stock to key employees. The following summarizes the activity of the RSA program for the three years ending  December 31, 2018 :     Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding at December 31, 2015 120,368 $48.24 Granted 117,881 42.81 Shares issued (59,418 ) 47.14 Forfeited (9,500 ) 39.36 Outstanding at December 31, 2016 169,331 45.34 Granted 63,319 57.24 Shares issued (59,650 ) 47.90 Forfeited (6,700 ) 53.53 Outstanding at December 31, 2017 166,300 48.63 Granted 66,100 51.43 Shares issued (100,289 ) 48.44 Forfeited — — Outstanding at December 31, 2018 132,111 $50.17 At  December 31, 2018 ,  2017  and  2016  a total of  11.9 million ,  13.2 million  and  14.3 million  shares, respectively, were available for grant under the ICP. 79 Table of Contents Stock-based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows: In millions 2018 2017 2016 Total stock-based compensation expense (included in selling and administrative expense) $ 135 $ 147 $ 124 Income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation 16 45 34 At  December 31, 2018 ,  $104 million  of compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted performance shares, executive continuity awards and restricted stock attributable to future performance had not yet been recognized. This amount will be recognized in expense over a weighted-average period of  1.7  years. NOTE 21 FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA International Paper’s business segments, Industrial Packaging, Global Cellulose Fibers and Printing Papers, are consistent with the internal structure used to manage these businesses. See the  Description of Business Segments  in  Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for a description of the types of products and services from which each reportable segment derives its revenues. All segments are differentiated on a common product, common customer basis consistent with the business segmentation generally used in the Forest Products industry. Business segment operating profits are used by International Paper’s management to measure the earnings performance of its businesses. Management believes that this measure allows a better understanding of trends in costs, operating efficiencies, prices and volumes. Business segment operating profits are defined as earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings, but including the impact of equity earnings and noncontrolling interests, excluding interest expense, net, corporate items, net, corporate special items, net, and non-operating pension expense.    External sales by major product is determined by aggregating sales from each segment based on similar products or services. External sales are defined as those that are made to parties outside International Paper’s consolidated group, whereas sales by segment in the Net Sales table are determined using a management approach and include intersegment sales. INFORMATION BY BUSINESS SEGMENT Net Sales In millions 2018   2017   2016 Industrial Packaging $ 15,900   $ 15,077   $ 14,226 Global Cellulose Fibers 2,819   2,551   1,092 Printing Papers 4,375   4,157   4,058 Corporate and Intersegment Sales (a) 212   (42 )   119 Net Sales $ 23,306   $ 21,743   $ 19,495 Operating Profit In millions 2018   2017   2016 Industrial Packaging $ 2,093   $ 1,547   $ 1,741 Global Cellulose Fibers 251   65   (179 ) Printing Papers 533   457   540 Business Segment Operating Profit 2,877   2,069   2,102             Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 1,781   848   795 Interest expense, net 536   572   520 Noncontrolling interests / equity earnings adjustment (b) (10 )   (2 )   1 Corporate items, net (a) 67   91   121 Corporate special items, net (a) 9   76   55 Non-operating pension expense 494   484   610 $ 2,877   $ 2,069   $ 2,102 Restructuring and Other Charges In millions 2018   2017   2016 Industrial Packaging $ 47   $ —   $ 7 Global Cellulose Fibers —   —   — Printing Papers 3   —   — Corporate (c) (21 )   67   47 Restructuring and Other Charges $ 29   $ 67   $ 54 80 Table of Contents Assets In millions 2018   2017 Industrial Packaging $ 15,859   $ 15,354 Global Cellulose Fibers 3,880   3,913 Printing Papers 3,905   4,054 Corporate and other (d) 9,932   10,582 Assets $ 33,576   $ 33,903 Capital Spending In millions 2018   2017   2016 Industrial Packaging $ 1,061   $ 836   $ 832 Global Cellulose Fibers 183   188   174 Printing Papers 303   235   215 Subtotal 1,547   1,259   1,221 Corporate and other (e) 25   21   20 Capital Spending $ 1,572   $ 1,280   $ 1,241 Depreciation, Amortization and Cost of Timber Harvested (f)(g) In millions 2018   2017   2016 Industrial Packaging $ 803   $ 815   $ 760 Global Cellulose Fibers 262   264   110 Printing Papers 258   254   242 Corporate (h) 5   10   12 Depreciation and Amortization $ 1,328   $ 1,343   $ 1,124 External Sales By Major Product   In millions 2018   2017   2016 Industrial Packaging $ 15,828   $ 14,946   $ 14,142 Global Cellulose Fibers 2,810   2,524   1,090 Printing Papers 4,359   4,142   4,062 Other (i) 309   131   201 Net Sales $ 23,306   $ 21,743   $ 19,495   INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA Net Sales (j) In millions 2018   2017   2016 United States (k) $ 17,609   $ 16,247   $ 14,363 EMEA 3,321   3,129   2,852 Pacific Rim and Asia 605   625   699 Americas, other than U.S. 1,771   1,742   1,581 Net Sales $ 23,306   $ 21,743   $ 19,495 Long-Lived Assets (l) In millions 2018   2017 United States $ 10,586   $ 10,545 EMEA 1,315   1,302 Pacific Rim and Asia 201   236 Americas, other than U.S. 1,367   1,630 Long-Lived Assets $ 13,469   $ 13,713 (a) Includes sales of  $0 million  in 2018,  $15 million  in 2017 and  $42 million  in 2016, operating profits (losses) of   $0 million  in 2018,  $0 million  in 2017 and  $(2) million  in 2016, and corporate special items expense of  $0 million  in 2018,  $9 million  in 2017 and  $9 million  in 2016, from previously divested businesses.  (b) Operating profits for industry segments include each segment’s percentage share of the profits of subsidiaries included in that segment that are less than wholly-owned. The pre-tax noncontrolling interests and equity earnings for these subsidiaries is added here to present consolidated earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings. (c) Includes corporate expenses and expenses of  $0 million  in 2018,  $9 million  in 2017 and  $9 million  in 2016, from previously divested businesses. (d) Includes corporate assets, assets of businesses held for sale and assets of previously divested businesses. (e) Includes corporate assets and assets of previously divested businesses of  $0 million  in 2018,  $0 million  in 2017 and  $1 million  in 2016. (f) Excludes accelerated depreciation related to the closure and/or repurposing of mills in 2016.  (g) Prior years recast to reflect current methodology for allocation of Corporate depreciation and amortization to the business segments. There is no change to segment operating profit. (h) Includes  $0 million  in 2018,  $1 million  in 2017 and  $2 million   in 2016, from previously divested businesses. (i) Includes  $0 million  in 2018,  $15 million  in 2017, and  $42 million  in 2016, from previously divested businesses. (j) Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the seller. (k) Export sales to unaffiliated customers were  $3.1 billion  in  2018 ,  $2.9 billion  in  2017  and  $1.8 billion  in  2016 . (l) Long-Lived Assets includes Forestlands and Plants, Properties and Equipment, net.   81 Table of Contents INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (UNAUDITED) In millions, except per share amounts and stock prices 1st Quarter   2nd Quarter   3rd Quarter   4th Quarter   Year   2018                     Net sales $ 5,621    $ 5,833    $ 5,901    $ 5,951    $ 23,306   Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 356 (a) 490 (a)  553 (a)  382 (a)  1,781 (a) Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 368 (b) (23 ) (b) — (b) — (b) 345 (b) Net earnings (loss) attributable to International Paper Company 729 (a-c) 405 (a-c)  562 (a-c)  316 (a-c)  2,012 (a-c) Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 0.87 $ 1.03 $ 1.38 $ 0.79 $ 4.07 Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.89 (0.05 ) — — 0.84 Net earnings (loss) 1.76 0.98 1.38 0.79 4.91 Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:                     Earnings (loss) from continuing operations 0.86 1.02 1.37 0.78 4.02 Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.88 (0.05 ) — — 0.83 Net earnings (loss) 1.74 0.97 1.37 0.78 4.85 Dividends per share of common stock 0.4750    0.4750    0.4750    0.5000    1.9250   2017                     Net sales $ 5,132    $ 5,383    $ 5,517    $ 5,711    $ 21,743   Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings 217 (d) (23 ) (d)  457 (d)  197 (d)  848 (d)  Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 17 (e) (4 ) (e) 29 (e) (8 ) (e) 34 (e) Net earnings (loss) attributable to International Paper Company 209 (d-f) 80 (d-f) 395 (d-f) 1,460 (d-f) 2,144 (d-f) Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:           Earnings (loss) from continuing operations $ 0.47 $ 0.20 $ 0.89 $ 3.56 $ 5.11 Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.04 (0.01 ) 0.07 (0.02 ) 0.08 Net earnings (loss) 0.51 0.19 0.96 3.54 5.19 Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders:           Earnings (loss) from continuing operations 0.46 0.20 0.88 3.52 5.05 Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.04 (0.01 ) 0.07 (0.02 ) 0.08 Net earnings (loss) 0.50 0.19 0.95 3.50 5.13 Dividends per share of common stock 0.4625    0.4625    0.4625    0.4750    1.8625   Note: International Paper's common shares (symbol: IP) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Note: Since basic and diluted earnings per share are computed independently for each period and category, full year per share amounts may not equal the sum of the four quarters.   82 Table of Contents Footnotes to Interim Financial Results (a) Includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):     2018 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 Smurfit-Kappa acquisition proposal costs   $ —   $ 12   $ —   $ — Legal settlement   9   —   —   — Litigation settlement recovery   —   —   —   (5 ) Environmental remediation reserve adjustment   —   —   9   — EMEA Packaging optimization   22   26   —   (1 ) Abandoned property removal   9   9   6   8 Riverdale mill conversion costs   —   —   5   4 Brazil Packaging impairment   —   —   122   — Debt extinguishment costs   —   —   —   10 Gain on sale of investment in Liaison Technologies   —   —   —   (31 ) Non-operating pension expense   4   36   25   429 Total   $ 44   $ 83   $ 167   $ 414 (b)    Includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):     2018 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 North American Consumer Packaging transaction costs   $ 23   $ 2   $ —   $ — North American Consumer Packaging gain on transfer   (516 )   28   —   — Total   $ (493 )   $ 30   $ —   $ — (c)  Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):     2018 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 State income tax legislative changes   $ —   $ 9   $ —   $ — Tax benefit of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act   —   —   (36 )   — International investment restructuring   —   —   —   19 Foreign tax audits   —   —   —   25 Tax impact of other special items   (9 )   (13 )   (46 )   3 Tax impact of non-operating pension expense   (1 )   (9 )   (6 )   (107 ) Total   $ (10 )   $ (13 )   $ (88 )   $ (60 )   (d)  Includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 Gain on sale of investment in ArborGen   $ —   $ (14 )   $ —   $ — Costs associated with the pulp business acquired in 2016   4   5   6   18 Amortization of Weyerhaeuser inventory fair value step-up   14   —   —   — Holmen bargain purchase gain   (6 )   —   —   — Abandoned property removal   2   5   7   6 Kleen Products settlement   —   354   —   — Asia Foodservice sale   —   9   —   — Brazil Packaging wood supply accelerated amortization   —   —   10   — Debt extinguishment costs   —   —   —   83 Interest income on income tax refund claims   —   (4 )   —   (1 ) Other items   —   (2 )   —   — Non-operating pension expense   31   34   33   386 Total   $ 45   $ 387   $ 56   $ 492 (e)  Includes the operating earnings of the North American Consumer Packaging business for the full year. Also includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):     2017 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 North American Consumer Packaging transaction costs   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 17 Non-operating pension expense   —   —   —   45 Total   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 62 (f)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):     2017 In millions   Q1   Q2   Q3   Q4 International legal entity restructuring   $ 15   $ —   $ 19   $ — Income tax refund claims   —   (85 )   —   (28 ) Cash pension contribution   —   38   —   — International tax law change   —   —   —   9 Tax benefit of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act   —   —   —   (1,222 ) Tax impact of other special items   (8 )   (137 )   (8 )   (41 ) Tax impact of non-operating pension expense   (12 )   (13 )   (13 )   (148 ) Total   $ (5 )   $ (197 )   $ (2 )   $ (1,430 ) 83 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES As of December 31, 2018, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2018.  CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended  December 31, 2018 , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information concerning our directors is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors has at least one member who is a financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 401(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Further information concerning the composition of the Audit and Finance Committee and our audit committee financial experts is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. Information with respect to our executive officers is set forth on pages  4  and  5  in  Part I  of this Form 10-K under the caption, “ Executive Officers of the Registrant .” Executive officers of International Paper are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of shareholders and, until the election of successors, subject to removal by the Board.   The Company’s Code of Business Ethics (Code) is applicable to all employees of the Company, including the chief executive officer and senior financial officers, as well as the Board of Directors. We disclose any amendments to our Code and any waivers from a provision of our Code granted to our directors, chief executive officer and senior financial officers on our website within four business days following such amendment or waiver. To date, no waivers of the Code have been granted. We make available free of charge on our website at www.internationalpaper.com, and in print to any shareholder who requests them, our Corporate Governance Principles, our Code of Business Ethics and the Charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, Management Development and Compensation Committee, Governance Committee and Public Policy and Environment Committee. Requests for copies may be directed to the corporate secretary at our corporate headquarters. Information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and our corporate governance is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Information with respect to the compensation of executives and directors of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS A description of the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and equity compensation plan information is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE A description of certain relationships and related transactions is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. 84 Table of Contents ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Information with respect to fees paid to, and services rendered by, our independent registered public accounting firm, and our policies and procedures for pre-approving those services, is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year. PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   (1) Financial Statements – See  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . (2) Financial Statement Schedules – The following additional financial data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements in  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Schedules not included with this additional financial data have been omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. Additional Financial Data 2018 ,  2017  and  2016   (2.1) Transaction Agreement, dated October 23, 2017, by and among the Company, Graphic Packaging Holding Company, Gazelle Newco LLC and Graphic Packaging International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 24, 2017).     (3.1) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of International Paper Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 13, 2013).     (3.2) By-laws of International Paper Company, as amended through February 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 8, 2016).     (4.1) Indenture, dated as of April 12, 1999, between International Paper and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 29, 2000).       (4.2) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of June 4, 2008, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 4, 2008).     (4.3) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of May 11, 2009, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 11, 2009).     (4.4) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of August 10, 2009, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2009).     (4.5) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of December 7, 2009, between International Paper Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 7, 2009).     (4.6) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of November 16, 2011, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2011).     (4.7) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of June 10, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 10, 2014).     (4.8) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of May 26, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2015).     85 Table of Contents (4.9) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of August 11, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2016).     (4.10) Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of August 9, 2017, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 9, 2017).     (4.11) In accordance with Item 601 (b) (4) (iii) (A) of Regulation S-K, certain instruments respecting long-term debt of the Company have been omitted but will be furnished to the Commission upon request.     (10.1) Amended and Restated 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (ICP) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 10, 2014). +     (10.2) Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, Amended and Restated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). +     (10.3) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017). * +     (10.4) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (cash settled) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017). +     (10.5) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (stock settled) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017). +     (10.6) Form of Performance Share Plan award certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017). +     (10.7) Pension Restoration Plan for Salaried Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009). +       (10.8) Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007). +     (10.9) Amendment No. 1 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective October 13, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 2008). +     (10.10) Amendment No. 2 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective October 14, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 2008). +     (10.11) Amendment No. 3 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective December 8, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). +     (10.12) Amendment No. 4 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009). +     (10.13) Amendment No. 5 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective October 31, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009). +     (10.14) Amendment No. 6 to the International Paper Company Unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Managers, effective January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011). +     (10.15) Form of Non-Competition Agreement, entered into by certain Company employees (including named executive officers) who have received restricted stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). +     86 Table of Contents (10.16) Form of Non-Solicitation Agreement, entered into by certain Company employees (including named executive officers) who have received restricted stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006). +     (10.17) Form of Change-in-Control Agreement - Tier I, for the Chief Executive Officer and all "grandfathered" senior vice presidents elected prior to 2012 (all named executive officers) - approved September 2013  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013). +     (10.18) Form of Change-in-Control Agreement - Tier II, for all future senior vice presidents and all "grandfathered" vice presidents elected prior to February 2008 - approved September 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013). +     (10.19) Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003). +     (10.20) Board Policy on Severance Agreements with Senior Executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2005). +     (10.21) Board Policy on Change of Control Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2005). +     (10.22) Time Sharing Agreement, dated October 17, 2014 (and effective November 1, 2014), by and between Mark S. Sutton and International Paper Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 14, 2014). +     (10.23) Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016, among International Paper Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., individually and as administrative agent, and certain lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 6, 2017).       (10.24) Settlement Agreement dated June 27, 2017, by and between International Paper Company, Temple-Inland Inc., n/k/a Temple-Inland LLC, TIN Inc., n/k/a TIN LLC, and Weyerhaeuser Company, and Kleen Products LLC, R.P.R. Enterprises, Inc., Mighty Pac, Inc., Ferraro Foods, Inc., Ferraro Foods of North Carolina, LLC, MTM Packaging Solutions of Texas, LLC, RHE Hatco, Inc., and Chandler Packaging, Inc., the plaintiff class representatives, both individually and on behalf of the plaintiff class (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017).     (10.25) Commitment Agreement, dated September 26, 2017, between International Paper Company and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, relating to the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017). †     (10.26) Credit Agreement, dated December 8, 2017, by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A. and BNP Paribas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2017).     (10.27) Commitment Agreement, dated September 25, 2018, between International Paper Company and Prudential Insurance Company of America, relating to the Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (corrected version of previously filed exhibit). * †     (10.28) Termination Agreement and Release, dated July 6, 2018, and executed July 23, 2018, between International Paper Company and Glenn R. Landau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 27, 2018).     (10.29) Letter to Glenn R. Landau, dated July 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 27, 2018).     (21) Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures.*     (23.1) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. *         (23.2) Consent of Independent Auditors. *     (24) Power of Attorney (contained on the signature page to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018). *     (31.1) Certification by Mark S. Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *     (31.2) Certification by Tim S. Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *     (32) Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*     (99.1) Audited Financial Statements for Ilim S.A. and its subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. *     87 Table of Contents       (101.INS) XBRL Instance Document *     (101.SCH) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema *     (101.CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase *     (101.DEF) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase *     (101.LAB) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase *     (101.PRE) XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase *     + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. *  Filed herewith † Confidential treatment has been granted for certain information pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 88 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY         By: / S / S HARON  R. R YAN   February 20, 2019   Sharon R. Ryan       Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary     POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sharon R. Ryan and Matthew Barron as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:           Signature    Title   Date           / S /    M ARK  S. S UTTON          Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer and Director   February 20, 2019 Mark S. Sutton                   / S /    D AVID  J. B RONCZEK            Director   February 20, 2019 David J. Bronczek                   / S /    W ILLIAM  J. B URNS            Director   February 20, 2019 Willliam J. Burns                   / S /    C HRISTOPHER  M. C ONNOR            Director   February 20, 2019 Christopher M. Connor                   / S /    A HMET  C. D ORDUNCU          Director   February 20, 2019 Ahmet C. Dorduncu                   / S /    I LENE  S. G ORDON          Director   February 20, 2019 Ilene S. Gordon         89 Table of Contents             / S /    J ACQUELINE  C. H INMAN           Director   February 20, 2019 Jacqueline C. Hinman                   /s/ C LINTON  A. L EWIS, JR.    Director   February 20, 2019 Clinton A. Lewis, Jr.                   /S/   K ATHRYN  D. S ULLIVAN    Director   February 20, 2019 Kathryn D. Sullivan                   / S /    J. S TEVEN  W HISLER            Director   February 20, 2019 J. Steven Whisler                   / S /    R AY  G. Y OUNG          Director   February 20, 2019 Ray G. Young                   / S /    T IMOTHY  S. N ICHOLLS    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   February 20, 2019 Timothy S. Nicholls                   / S /    V INCENT  P. B ONNOT           Vice President – Finance and Controller   February 20, 2019 Vincent P. Bonnot         90 Table of Contents APPENDIX I 2018  LISTING OF FACILITIES (all facilities are owned except noted otherwise) PRINTING PAPERS           Savannah, Georgia           Tracy, California             Cayuga, Indiana           Golden, Colorado Uncoated Papers           Cedar Rapids, Iowa           Wheat Ridge, Colorado    U.S.:           Henderson, Kentucky           Putnam, Connecticut         Selma, Alabama (Riverdale Mill)           Maysville, Kentucky           Orlando, Florida         Ticonderoga, New York            Bogalusa, Louisiana           Plant City, Florida         Eastover, South Carolina           Campti, Louisiana           Tampa, Florida   leased         Georgetown, South Carolina             Mansfield, Louisiana           Columbus, Georgia         Sumter, South Carolina             Vicksburg, Mississippi           Forest Park, Georgia             Valliant, Oklahoma           Griffin, Georgia    International:           Springfield, Oregon           Kennesaw, Georgia leased        Luiz Antônio, São Paulo, Brazil           Orange, Texas           Lithonia, Georgia        Mogi Guacu, São Paulo, Brazil               Savannah, Georgia        Três Lagoas, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil      International:           Stone Mountain, Georgia  leased        Saillat, France           Franco da Rocha, São Paulo, Brazil           Tucker, Georgia        Kadiam, India           Nova Campina, São Paulo, Brazil           Aurora, Illinois (3 locations)        Rajahmundry, India           Paulinia, São Paulo, Brazil           Bedford Park, Illinois (2 locations) 1 leased        Kwidzyn, Poland           Veracruz, Mexico           Belleville, Illinois        Svetogorsk, Russia           Kenitra, Morocco           Carol Stream, Illinois             Madrid, Spain           Des Plaines, Illinois GLOBAL CELLULOSE FIBERS               Lincoln, Illinois     Corrugated Container           Montgomery, Illinois Pulp      U.S.:           Northlake, Illinois    U.S.:           Bay Minette, Alabama           Rockford, Illinois         Cantonment, Florida           Decatur, Alabama           Butler, Indiana         Flint River, Georgia           Dothan, Alabama  leased           Crawfordsville, Indiana         Port Wentworth, Georgia           Huntsville, Alabama           Fort Wayne, Indiana         Columbus, Mississippi           Conway, Arkansas           Hammond, Indiana         New Bern, North Carolina           Fort Smith, Arkansas (2 locations)           Indianapolis, Indiana (2 locations)         Riegelwood, North Carolina             Russellville, Arkansas (2 locations)           Saint Anthony, Indiana         Eastover, South Carolina           Tolleson, Arizona           Tipton, Indiana         Georgetown, South Carolina           Yuma, Arizona           Cedar Rapids, Iowa         Franklin, Virginia           Anaheim, California           Waterloo, Iowa             Buena Park, California leased           Garden City, Kansas    International:           Camarillo, California           Kansas City, Kansas         Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada           Carson, California           Bowling Green, Kentucky         Saillat, France           Cerritos, California leased           Lexington, Kentucky         Gdansk, Poland           Compton, California           Louisville, Kentucky         Kwidzyn, Poland           Elk Grove, California           Walton, Kentucky         Svetogorsk, Russia           Exeter, California           Bogalusa, Louisiana             Gilroy, California (2 locations)           Lafayette, Louisiana INDUSTRIAL PACKAGING           Los Angeles, California           Shreveport, Louisiana             Modesto, California            Springhill, Louisiana Containerboard           Ontario, California           Auburn, Maine    U.S.:           Salinas, California           Three Rivers, Michigan         Pine Hill, Alabama           Sanger, California           Arden Hills, Minnesota         Prattville, Alabama           San Leandro, California  leased  3           Austin, Minnesota         Cantonment, Florida           Santa Fe Springs, California (2 locations)           Fridley, Minnesota         Rome, Georgia           Stockton, California           Minneapolis, Minnesota  leased A-1 Table of Contents         Shakopee, Minnesota           Laurens, South Carolina            Silao, Mexico         White Bear Lake, Minnesota           Lexington, South Carolina            Toluca, Mexico         Houston, Mississippi           Ashland City, Tennessee leased            Villa Nicolas Romero, Mexico         Jackson, Mississippi           Cleveland, Tennessee            Zapopan, Mexico         Magnolia, Mississippi leased           Elizabethton, Tennessee leased            Agadir, Morocco         Olive Branch, Mississippi           Morristown, Tennessee            Casablanca, Morocco         Fenton, Missouri           Murfreesboro, Tennessee            Tangier, Morocco         Kansas City, Missouri           Amarillo, Texas            Almeria, Spain  2         Maryland Heights, Missouri           Carrollton, Texas (2 locations)            Barcelona, Spain         North Kansas City, Missouri  leased           Edinburg, Texas            Bilbao, Spain         St. Joseph, Missouri           El Paso, Texas            Gandia, Spain         St. Louis, Missouri           Ft. Worth, Texas leased            Las Palmas, Spain         Omaha, Nebraska           Grand Prairie, Texas            Madrid, Spain         Barrington, New Jersey           Hidalgo, Texas            Tenerife, Spain         Bellmawr, New Jersey           McAllen, Texas            Adana, Turkey         Milltown, New Jersey           San Antonio, Texas (2 locations)            Bursa. Turkey         Spotswood, New Jersey           Sealy, Texas            Corlu, Turkey         Thorofare, New Jersey           Waxahachie, Texas            Corum, Turkey         Binghamton, New York           Lynchburg, Virginia            Gebze, Turkey         Buffalo, New York           Petersburg, Virginia            Izmir, Turkey         Rochester, New York           Richmond, Virginia             Scotia, New York           Moses Lake, Washington   Recycling         Utica, New York           Olympia, Washington      U.S.: Charlotte, North Carolina (2 locations) 1 leased           Yakima, Washington           Phoenix, Arizona          Lumberton, North Carolina           Fond du Lac, Wisconsin           Fremont, California          Manson, North Carolina           Manitowoc, Wisconsin           Norwalk, California         Newton, North Carolina               West Sacramento, California         Statesville, North Carolina      International:           Itasca, Illinois         Byesville, Ohio            Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil           Des Moines, Iowa         Delaware, Ohio            Paulinia, São Paulo, Brazil           Wichita, Kansas         Eaton, Ohio            Rio Verde, Goias, Brazil           Roseville, Minnesota         Madison, Ohio            Suzano, São Paulo, Brazil           Omaha, Nebraska          Marion, Ohio            Rancagua, Chile           Charlotte, North Carolina         Marysville, Ohio  leased            Arles, France            Beaverton, Oregon         Middletown, Ohio            Chalon-sur-Saone, France           Springfield, Oregon leased         Mt. Vernon, Ohio            Creil, France           Carrollton, Texas         Newark, Ohio            LePuy, France (Espaly Box Plant)           Salt Lake City, Utah         Streetsboro, Ohio            Mortagne, France           Richmond, Virginia         Wooster, Ohio            Guadeloupe, French West Indies           Kent, Washington         Oklahoma City, Oklahoma            Bellusco, Italy             Beaverton, Oregon (3 locations)            Catania, Italy      International:         Hillsboro, Oregon            Pomezia, Italy           Monterrey, Mexico leased         Portland, Oregon            San Felice, Italy           Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico leased         Salem, Oregon leased   Apodaco (Monterrey), Mexico                  leased     Biglerville, Pennsylvania (2 locations)            Ixtaczoquitlan, Mexico   Bags         Eighty-four, Pennsylvania            Juarez, Mexico leased      U.S.:         Hazleton, Pennsylvania             Los Mochis, Mexico            Buena Park, California         Kennett Square, Pennsylvania            Puebla, Mexico leased           Beaverton, Oregon         Lancaster, Pennsylvania            Reynosa, Mexico           Grand Prairie, Texas         Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania            San Jose Iturbide, Mexico             Georgetown, South Carolina            Santa Catarina, Mexico     A-2 Table of Contents Coated Paperboard            International:                   Kwidzyn, Poland                   Svetogorsk, Russia                   DISTRIBUTION                   IP Asia           International:                  Guangzhou, China                   Hong Kong, China                   Shanghai, China                   Japan                  Korea                  Singapore                  Taiwan  1                  Thailand  1                  Vietnam  1                   FOREST RESOURCES           International:                   Approximately 329,400 acres                   in Brazil                                                 1) Closed July 2018         2) Closed September 2018         3) Closed December 2018                   A-3 Table of Contents APPENDIX II 2018  CAPACITY INFORMATION   (in thousands of short tons except as noted) U.S.   EMEA   Americas, other than U.S.   India   Total Industrial Packaging                   Containerboard  (a) 13,596   91   366   —   14,053 Coated Paperboard —   428   —   —   428 Total Industrial Packaging 13,596   519   366   —   14,481 Global Cellulose Fibers                   Dried Pulp  (in thousands of metric tons) 2,914   277   535   —   3,726 Printing Papers                   Uncoated Freesheet & Bristols  (b) 1,990   1,162   1,135   266   4,553 Newsprint —   75   —   —   75 Total Printing Papers 1,990   1,237   1,135   266   4,628   (a) In addition to Containerboard, this also includes saturated kraft, kraft bag, and gypsum.  (b) In addition to Uncoated Freesheet and Bristols, includes bleached multiwall bag and plate.     Forest Resources   We own, manage or have an interest in approximately 1.4 million acres of forestlands worldwide. These forestlands and associated acres are located in the following regions: (M Acres) Brazil 329 We have harvesting rights in:   Russia 1,047 Total 1,376 A-4 	 
 
 
 
