
 10-K
 1
 cmi2014currentq410-kdocume.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 CMI 2014 CURRENT Q4 10-K DOCUMENT 
	 
	 
           UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended  December 31, 2014   Commission File Number 1-4949 CUMMINS INC. Indiana (State of Incorporation)   35-0257090 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 500 Jackson Street Box 3005 Columbus, Indiana 47202-3005 (Address of principal executive offices) Telephone (812) 377-5000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $2.50 par value   New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None. __________________________________________________________________________________________________ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  x     No  o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  o     No  x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x     No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x     No  o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer  x   Accelerated filer  o   Non-accelerated filer  o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   Smaller reporting company  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o     No  x The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately  $28.4 billion  at  June 29 ,  2014 . This value includes all shares of the registrant's common stock, except for treasury shares. As of  January 30, 2015 , there were  181,945,783  shares outstanding of $2.50 par value common stock. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for its  2015  annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Schedule 14A within 120 days after the end of  2014 , will be incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent indicated therein upon such filing. Website Access to Company's Reports We maintain an internet website at www.cummins.com. Investors may obtain copies of our filings from this website free of charge as soon as reasonable practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.           Table of Contents CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES TABLE OF CONTENTS PART   ITEM       PAGE         Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information   3 I   1   Business   5         Overview   5         Operating Segments   5         Engine Segment   5         Distribution Segment   6         Components Segment   7         Power Generation Segment   8         Joint Ventures, Alliances and Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries   9         Supply   11         Patents and Trademarks   11         Seasonality   11         Largest Customers   12         Backlog   12         Research and Development   12         Environmental Sustainability   12         Environmental Compliance   13         Employees   14         Available Information   14         Executive Officers of the Registrant   15     1A   Risk Factors   17     1B   Unresolved Staff Comments   24     2   Properties   25     3   Legal Proceedings   27     4   Mine Safety Disclosures   27 II   5   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   28     6   Selected Financial Data   30     7   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   31     7A   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   59     8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   61         Index to Financial Statements   61     9   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   111     9A   Controls and Procedures   111     9B   Other Information   111 III   10   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   111     11   Executive Compensation   111     12   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   112     13   Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence   112     14   Principal Accounting Fees and Services   112 IV   15   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   112         Signatures   113         Cummins Inc. Exhibit Index   114 2 Table of Contents Cummins Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are hereinafter sometimes referred to as "Cummins," "we," "our," or "us." CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION   Certain parts of this annual report contain forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.   Forward-looking statements include those that are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industries in which we operate and management’s beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as "anticipates," "expects," "forecasts," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "could," "should" or words of similar meaning. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which we refer to as "future factors," which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Some future factors that could cause our results to differ materially from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements are discussed below and shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these future factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Future factors that could affect the outcome of forward-looking statements include the following:   • a sustained slowdown or significant downturn in our markets; • a slowdown in infrastructure development; • unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of emission standards around the world; • the actions of, and income from, joint ventures and other investees that we do not directly control; • changes in the engine outsourcing practices of significant customers;   • a downturn in the North American truck industry or financial distress of a major truck customer;   • a major customer experiencing financial distress;   • any significant problems in our new engine platforms;   • supply shortages and supplier financial risk, particularly from any of our single-sourced suppliers;   • variability in material and commodity costs;   • product recalls;   • competitor pricing activity;   • increasing competition, including increased global competition among our customers in emerging markets;  • exposure to information technology security threats and sophisticated "cyber attacks;"   • political, economic and other risks from operations in numerous countries;   • changes in taxation; • global legal and ethical compliance costs and risks;   • aligning our capacity and production with our demand;   • product liability claims;   • the development of new technologies;   • obtaining additional customers for our new light-duty diesel engine platform and avoiding any related write-down in our investments in such platform;   • increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations;   • foreign currency exchange rate changes;   • the price and availability of energy;   • the performance of our pension plan assets;   • labor relations;   • changes in accounting standards;   • our sales mix of products;   3 Table of Contents • protection and validity of our patent and other intellectual property rights;   • technological implementation and cost/financial risks in our increasing use of large, multi-year contracts;   • the cyclical nature of some of our markets;   • the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings;   • continued availability of financing, financial instruments and financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support our future business;   • the consummation and integration of the planned acquisitions of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors; and   • other risk factors described in Item IA under the caption "Risk Factors." Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are made only as of the date of this annual report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1.    Business OVERVIEW Cummins Inc. was founded in 1919 as a corporation in Columbus, Indiana, as one of the first diesel engine manufacturers.   We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products, including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems and electric power generation systems. We sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), distributors and other customers worldwide.   We serve our customers through a network of approximately   600  company-owned and independent distributor locations and approximately   7,200   dealer locations in more than  190  countries and territories. OPERATING SEGMENTS We have four complementary operating segments:  Engine, Distribution, Components and Power Generation. These segments share technology, customers, strategic partners, brand recognition and our distribution network in order to compete more efficiently and effectively in their respective markets. In each of our operating segments, we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Our products compete primarily on the basis of performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality, customer support and price. Financial information about our operating segments, including geographic information, is incorporated by reference from Note  19 , " OPERATING SEGMENTS ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements. Engine Segment Engine segment sales and earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) as a percentage of consolidated results were:     Years ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012 Percent of consolidated net sales (1)   45 %   47 %   50 % Percent of consolidated EBIT (1)   48 %   48 %   54 % ___________________________________________________________ (1)  Measured before intersegment eliminations Our Engine segment manufactures and markets a broad range of diesel and natural gas powered engines under the Cummins brand name, as well as certain customer brand names, for the heavy- and medium-duty truck, bus, recreational vehicle (RV), light-duty automotive, agricultural, construction, mining, marine, oil and gas, rail and governmental equipment markets. We offer a wide variety of engine products including: • Engines with a displacement range of 2.8 to 95 liters and horsepower ranging from 49 to 5,100; • New parts and service, as well as remanufactured parts and engines, through our extensive distribution network; • The newly developed 5.0 liter V8 diesel engine, which will be sold through the RV, pick-up, bus and certain medium-duty truck markets; and • The newly developed 95 liter QSK95 diesel engine will begin production in 2015. Our Engine segment is organized by engine displacement size and serves these end-user markets: • Heavy-duty truck -  We manufacture diesel engines that range from 310 to 600 horsepower serving global heavy-duty truck customers worldwide. • Medium-duty truck and bus -  We manufacture medium-duty diesel engines ranging from 200 to 450 horsepower serving medium-duty and inter-city delivery truck customers worldwide, with key markets including North America, Latin America, Europe and Mexico. We also provide diesel and natural gas engines for school buses, transit buses and shuttle buses worldwide, with key markets including North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia. • Light-duty automotive and RV -  We manufacture 320 to 385 horsepower diesel engines for Chrysler Group, LLC's (Chrysler) heavy-duty chassis cab and pickup trucks and 200 to 600 horsepower diesel engines for Class A motor homes (RVs), primarily in North America. 5 Table of Contents • Industrial -  We provide mid-range, heavy-duty and high-horsepower engines that range from 49 to 5,100 horsepower for a wide variety of equipment in the construction, agricultural, mining, rail, government, oil and gas, power generation and commercial and recreational marine applications throughout the world. Across these markets we have major customers in North America, Europe, Middle East, Africa, China, Korea, Japan, Latin America, India, Russia, Southeast Asia, South Pacific and Mexico. The principal customers of our heavy- and medium-duty truck engines include truck manufacturers such as PACCAR Inc. (PACCAR), Daimler Trucks North America, Navistar International Corporation (Navistar), Ford Motor Company, MAN Latin America and Volvo. We sell our industrial engines to manufacturers of construction, agricultural and marine equipment, including Komatsu, Belaz, Hyundai, Hitachi and JLG. The principal customers of our light-duty on-highway engines are Chrysler and manufacturers of RVs. In the markets served by our Engine segment, we compete with independent engine manufacturers as well as OEMs who manufacture engines for their own products. Our primary competitors in North America are Navistar, Daimler Trucks North America, Caterpillar Inc. (CAT), Volvo Powertrain, Ford Motor Company and Hino Power. Our primary competitors in international markets vary from country to country, with local manufacturers generally predominant in each geographic market. Other engine manufacturers in international markets include Weichai Power Co. Ltd., MAN Nutzfahrzeuge AG (MAN), Fiat Power Systems, GuangxiYuchai Group, GE Jenbacher, Tognum AG, CAT, Volvo, Yanmar Co., Ltd. and Deutz AG. Distribution Segment Distribution segment sales and EBIT as a percentage of consolidated results were:     Years ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012 Percent of consolidated net sales (1)   22 %   18 %   16 % Percent of consolidated EBIT (1)   19 %   18 %   16 % ___________________________________________________________ (1)  Measured before intersegment eliminations Our Distribution segment consists of 34 company-owned and 8 joint venture distributors that service and distribute the full range of our products and services to end-users at over 400 locations in approximately 80 distribution territories. Our company-owned distributors are located in key markets, including North America, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, India, China, Africa, Russia, Japan, Brazil, Singapore and Central America, while our joint venture distributors are located in key markets, including North America, South America, China, Thailand, Singapore and Vietnam. The Distribution segment consists of the following businesses which service and/or distribute the full range of our products and services: • Parts and filtration; • Power generation; • Engines; and • Service. The Distribution segment is organized into seven primary geographic regions: • North and Central America; • Europe, CIS and China; • Asia Pacific; • Middle East; • Africa; • India; and • South America. Asia Pacific is composed of six smaller regional distributor organizations (South Pacific, Korea, Japan, Philippines, Malaysia and Singapore) which allow us to better manage these vast geographic territories. 6 Table of Contents North and Central America are comprised of a network of wholly-owned, partially-owned and independent distributors. Internationally, our network consists of independent, partially-owned and wholly-owned distributors. Through these networks, we provide parts and service to our customers. These full-service solutions include maintenance contracts, engineering services and integrated products, where we customize our products to cater to specific needs of end-users. Our distributors also serve and develop dealers, predominantly OEM dealers, in their territories by providing new products, technical support, tools, training, parts and product information. In addition to managing our involvement with our wholly-owned and partially-owned distributors, our Distribution segment is responsible for managing the performance and capabilities of our independent distributors. Our Distribution segment serves a highly diverse customer base with approximately  43 percent  of its  2014  sales being generated from new engines and power generation equipment, compared to  44 percent  in  2013 , with its remaining sales generated by parts and filtration and service revenue. Financial information about our distributors accounted for under the equity method are incorporated by reference from Note  3 , " INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements . Our distributors compete with distributors or dealers that offer similar products. In many cases, these competing distributors or dealers are owned by, or affiliated with the companies that are listed as competitors of our Engine, Components or Power Generation segments. These competitors vary by geographical location. In September 2013, we announced our intention to acquire the equity that we do not already own in most of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors over the next  three  to  five years .  During 2014, we spent  $460 million   on these acquisitions and the related debt retirements.  Refer to Note  2 , " ACQUISITIONS ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information.  Components Segment Components segment sales and EBIT as a percentage of consolidated results were:     Years ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012 Percent of consolidated net sales (1)   21 %   21 %   19 % Percent of consolidated EBIT (1)   27 %   24 %   18 % ___________________________________________________________ (1)  Measured before intersegment eliminations Our Components segment supplies products which complement our Engine segment, including aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, filtration products and fuel systems for commercial diesel applications. We manufacture filtration systems for on- and off-highway heavy-duty and mid-range equipment, and we are a supplier of filtration products for industrial and passenger car applications. In addition, we develop aftertreatment systems and turbochargers to help our customers meet increasingly stringent emission standards and fuel systems which to date have primarily supplied our Engine segment and our joint venture partner Scania. Our Components segment is organized around the following businesses: • Emission solutions -  Our emission solutions business is a global leader in designing, manufacturing and integrating aftertreatment technology and solutions for the commercial on-and off-highway medium-duty, heavy-duty and high-horsepower engine markets. Our emission solutions business develops and produces various emission solutions, including custom engineering systems and integrated controls, oxidation catalysts, particulate filters, oxides of nitrogen (NOx) reduction systems such as selective catalytic reduction and NOx adsorbers and engineered components including dosers and sensors. Our emission solutions business primarily serves markets in North America, Europe, China, Brazil, Russia and Australia and serves both OEM and engine first fit and retrofit customers. • Turbo technologies -  Our turbo technologies business designs, manufactures and markets turbochargers for light-duty, mid-range, heavy-duty and high-horsepower diesel markets with manufacturing facilities in five countries and sales and distribution worldwide. Our turbo technologies business provides critical air handling technologies for engines, including variable geometry turbochargers, to meet challenging performance requirements and worldwide emission standards. Our turbo technologies business primarily serves markets in North America, Europe, Asia and Brazil. 7 Table of Contents • Filtration -  Our filtration business designs and manufactures filtration, coolant and chemical products. Our filtration business offers over 8,300 products including air filters, fuel filters, fuel water separators, lube filters, hydraulic filters, coolant, diesel exhaust fluid, fuel additives and other filtration systems to OEMs, dealers/distributors and end users. Our filtration business supports a wide customer base in a diverse range of markets including on-highway, off-highway, oil and gas, agriculture, construction, power generation, marine, industrial and light-duty trucks. We produce and sell globally recognized Fleetguard® branded products in over 160 countries including countries in North America, Europe, South America, Asia, Australia and Africa. Fleetguard products are available through thousands of distribution points worldwide. • Fuel systems -  Our fuel systems business designs and manufactures new and replacement fuel systems primarily for heavy-duty on-highway diesel engine applications and also remanufactures fuel systems.  Customers of our Components segment generally include our Engine and Distribution segments, truck manufacturers and other OEMs, many of which are also customers of our Engine segment, such as PACCAR, Daimler, Navistar, Volvo, Scania, Fiat, Komatsu, Ford and other manufacturers that use our components in their product platforms. Our Components segment competes with other manufacturers of aftertreatment systems, filtration, turbochargers and fuel systems. Our primary competitors in these markets include Robert Bosch GmbH, Donaldson Company, Inc., Clarcor Inc., Mann+Hummel Group, Honeywell International, Borg-Warner, Tenneco Inc., Eberspacher Holding GmbH & Co. KG and Denso Corporation. On July 18, 2012, we acquired the doser technology business assets from Hilite Germany GmbH (Hilite) in a $176 million cash transaction. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination with the majority of the purchase price being allocated to goodwill and technology and customer related intangible assets. The results of the acquired entity were included in the Components operating segment after the acquisition date. Power Generation Segment Power Generation segment sales and EBIT as a percentage of consolidated results were:     Years ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012 Percent of consolidated net sales (1)   12 %   14 %   15 % Percent of consolidated EBIT (1)   6 %   10 %   12 % ___________________________________________________________ (1)  Measured before intersegment eliminations Our Power Generation segment designs and manufactures most of the components that make up power generation systems, including controls, alternators, transfer switches and switchgear. This segment is a global provider of power generation systems, components and services for a diversified customer base, including the following: • Standby power solutions for customers who rely on uninterrupted sources of power to meet the needs of their customers; • Distributed generation power solutions for customers with less reliable electrical power infrastructures, typically in developing countries. In addition, our power solutions provide an alternative source of generating capacity located close to its point of use, which is purchased by utilities, independent power producers and large power customers for use as prime or peaking power; and • Mobile power solutions, which provide a secondary source of power (other than drivetrain power) for mobile applications. Our Power Generation segment is organized around the following businesses: • Power products -  Our power products business manufactures generators for commercial and consumer applications ranging from two kilowatts (kW) to one megawatt (MW) under the Cummins Power Generation and Cummins Onan brands.   • Power systems -  Our power systems business manufactures and sells diesel fuel-based generator sets over one MW, paralleling systems and transfer switches for critical protection and distributed generation applications. We also offer integrated systems that consist of generator sets, power transfer and paralleling switchgear for applications such as data centers, health care facilities and waste water treatment plants.   8 Table of Contents • Alternators -  Our alternator business designs, manufactures, sells and services A/C generator/alternator products internally as well as to other generator set assemblers.  Our products are sold under the Stamford, AVK and Markon brands and range in output from 0.6 kilovolt-amperes (kVA) to 30,000 kVA. • Power Solutions -  Our power solutions business provides natural gas fuel-based turnkey solutions for distributed generation and energy management applications in the range of 300-2000 kW products. The business also serves a global rental account for diesel and gas generator sets.   This segment continuously explores emerging technologies and provides integrated power generation products using technologies other than reciprocating engines.  We use our own research and development capabilities as well as those of our business partnerships to develop cost-effective and environmentally sound power solutions. Our customer base for our power generation products is highly diversified, with customer groups varying based on their power needs. India, China, the United Kingdom (U.K.), Western Europe, Latin America and the Middle East are our largest geographic markets outside of North America. Power Generation competes with a variety of engine manufacturers and generator set assemblers across the world.  Our primary competitors are CAT, Tognum (MTU) and Kohler/SDMO (Kohler Group), but we also compete with GE Jenbacher, FG Wilson (CAT group), Generac, Mitsubishi (MHI) and numerous regional generator set assemblers.  Our alternators business competes globally with Emerson Electric Co., Marathon Electric and Meccalte, among others. JOINT VENTURES, ALLIANCES AND NON-WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES We have entered into a number of joint venture agreements and alliances with business partners around the world. Our joint ventures are either distribution or manufacturing entities. We also own controlling interests in non-wholly-owned manufacturing and distribution subsidiaries. Seven entities, in which we own more than a 50 percent equity interest or have a controlling interest, are consolidated in our Distribution segment results as well as several manufacturing joint ventures in the other operating segments. In the event of a change of control of either party to certain of these joint ventures and other strategic alliances, certain consequences may result including automatic termination and liquidation of the venture, exercise of "put" or "call" rights of ownership by the non-acquired partner, termination or transfer of technology license rights to the non-acquired partner and increases in component transfer prices to the acquired partner. We will continue to evaluate joint venture and partnership opportunities in order to penetrate new markets, develop new products and generate manufacturing and operational efficiencies. Financial information about our investments in joint ventures and alliances is incorporated by reference from Note  3 , " INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements. Our equity income from these investees was as follows:   Years ended December 31, In millions 2014   2013   2012 Distribution Entities                       North American distributors $ 107   32  %   $ 129   40  %   $ 147   42  % Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. 29   9  %   25   8  %   26   8  % All other distributors 4   1  %   1   —  %   4   1  % Manufacturing Entities                       Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. 67   20  %   63   19  %   52   15  % Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. 51   16  %   58   18  %   61   18  % Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Light-duty) 28   8  %   17   5  %   5   1  % Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Heavy-duty) (30 )   (9 )%   (21 )   (6 )%   (13 )   (4 )% All other manufacturers 74   23  %   53   16  %   65   19  % Cummins share of net income (1) $ 330   100  %   $ 325   100  %   $ 347   100  % ___________________________________________________________ (1)  This total represents our share of net income of our equity investees and is exclusive of royalties and interest income from our equity investees. To see how this amount reconciles to "Equity, royalty and interest income from investees" in the  Consolidated Statements of Income , see Note  3 , " INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements. 9 Table of Contents Distribution Entities • North American Distributors -  As of December 31, 2014, our distribution channel in North America included   three   unconsolidated partially-owned distributors. Our equity interests in these nonconsolidated entities ranged from   49 percent  to  50 percent . We also had more than a   50 percent  ownership interest in  two   partially owned distributors which we consolidate. While each distributor is a separate legal entity, the business of each is substantially the same as that of our wholly-owned distributors based in other parts of the world. All of our distributors, irrespective of their legal structure or ownership, offer the full range of our products and services to customers and end-users in their respective markets. • Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. -  Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. is a joint venture with Komatsu America Corporation. The joint venture is a distributor that offers the full range of our products and services to customers and end-users in the Chilean and Peruvian markets.   Our distribution agreements with independent and partially-owned distributors generally have a renewable   three -year term and are restricted to specified territories. Our distributors develop and maintain a network of dealers with which we have no direct relationship. Our distributors are permitted to sell other, noncompetitive products only with our consent. We license all of our distributors to use our name and logo in connection with the sale and service of our products, with no right to assign or sublicense the trademarks, except to authorized dealers, without our consent. Products are sold to the distributors at standard domestic or international distributor net prices, as applicable. Net prices are wholesale prices we establish to permit our distributors an adequate margin on their sales. Subject to local laws, we can generally refuse to renew these agreements upon expiration or terminate them upon written notice for inadequate sales, change in principal ownership and certain other reasons. Distributors also have the right to terminate the agreements upon   60 -day notice without cause, or  30 -day notice for cause. Upon termination or failure to renew, we are required to purchase the distributor’s current inventory, signage and special tools and may, at our option purchase other assets of the distributor, but are under no obligation to do so. See further discussion of our distribution network under the Distribution segment section above. Manufacturing Entities Our manufacturing joint ventures have generally been formed with customers and generally are intended to allow us to increase our market penetration in geographic regions, reduce capital spending, streamline our supply chain management and develop technologies. Our largest manufacturing joint ventures are based in China and are included in the list below. Our engine manufacturing joint ventures are supplied by our Components segment in the same manner as it supplies our wholly-owned Engine segment and Power Generation segment manufacturing facilities. Our Components segment joint ventures and wholly owned entities provide fuel systems, filtration, aftertreatment systems and turbocharger products that are used in our engines as well as some competitors' products. The results and investments in our joint ventures in which we have  50 percent  or less ownership interest are included in “Equity, royalty and interest income from investees” and “Investments and advances related to equity method investees” in our  Consolidated Statements of Income   and   Consolidated Balance Sheets , respectively.   • Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. -  Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (CCEC) is a joint venture in China with Chongqing Machinery and Electric Co. Ltd. This joint venture manufactures several models of our heavy-duty and high-horsepower diesel engines, primarily serving the industrial and stationary power markets in China.   • Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. -  Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (DCEC) is a joint venture in China with Dongfeng Automotive Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of Dongfeng Motor Corporation (Dongfeng), one of the largest medium-duty and heavy-duty truck manufacturers in China. DCEC produces Cummins  4 - to   13 -liter mechanical engines, full-electric diesel engines, with a power range from  125   to   545   horsepower, and natural gas engines.   • Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. -  Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. is a joint venture in China with Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd., a commercial vehicle manufacturer, which consists of two distinct lines of business, a light-duty business and a heavy-duty business. The light-duty business produces ISF   2.8 liter   and ISF   3.8 liter  families of our high performance light-duty diesel engines in Beijing. These engines are used in light-duty commercial trucks, pickup trucks, buses, multipurpose and sport utility vehicles with main markets in China, Brazil and Russia. Certain types of marine, small construction equipment and industrial applications are also served by these engine families. The heavy-duty business has been in the development stage for the past several years but started production of ISG  10.5 liter   and ISG   11.8 liter  families of our high performance heavy-duty diesel engines in the second quarter of 2014 in Beijing. These engines are used in heavy-duty commercial trucks in China and will be used in world wide markets. Certain types of construction equipment and industrial applications will also be served by these engine families in the future.   10 Table of Contents Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary We have a controlling interest in Cummins India Ltd. (CIL), which is a publicly listed company on various stock exchanges in India. CIL produces mid-range, heavy-duty and high-horsepower engines, generators for the Indian and export markets and natural gas spark-ignited engines for power generation, automotive and industrial applications. CIL also has distribution and power generation operations. SUPPLY The performance of the end-to-end supply chain, extending through to our suppliers, is foundational to our ability to meet customers' expectations and support long-term growth. We are committed to having a robust strategy for how we select and manage our suppliers to enable a market focused supply chain. This requires us to continuously evaluate and upgrade our supply base, as necessary, to ensure we are meeting the needs of our customers. We have a strategic sourcing policy that guides decisions on what we make internally, what we purchase externally and when we establish supplier partnerships to provide the lowest total cost and highest supply chain performance. We design and/or manufacture our strategic components used in or with our engines and power generation units, including cylinder blocks and heads, turbochargers, connecting rods, camshafts, crankshafts, filters, alternators, electronic and emissions controls, and fuel systems. We source externally purchased material and manufactured components from leading global suppliers. Many key suppliers are managed through long-term supply agreements that assure capacity, delivery, quality and cost requirements are met over an extended period. Approximately  55  percent of the direct material in our product designs are single sourced to external suppliers. Although we have elected to source a relatively high proportion of our total raw materials and components from single suppliers, we have an established sourcing strategy and supplier management process to evaluate and mitigate risk. These processes are leading us to determine our need for dual sourcing and increase our use of dual and parallel sources to minimize risk and increase supply chain responsiveness. Our current target for dual and parallel sourcing is approximately  64 percent  of our direct material spend. As of  December 31, 2014 , we have  45 percent  of direct material spend with dual or parallel sources or  72 percent  of the target. Other important elements of our sourcing strategy include: • working with suppliers to measure and improve their environmental footprint; • selecting and managing suppliers to comply with our supplier code of conduct; and • assuring our suppliers comply with Cummins' prohibited and restricted materials policy. PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS We own or control a significant number of patents and trademarks relating to the products we manufacture. These patents and trademarks were granted and registered over a period of years. Although these patents and trademarks are generally considered beneficial to our operations, we do not believe any patent, group of patents, or trademark (other than our leading brand house trademarks) is significant to our business. SEASONALITY While individual product lines may experience modest seasonal variation in production, there is no material effect on the demand for the majority of our products on a quarterly basis with the exception that our Power Generation segment normally experiences seasonal declines in the first quarter due to general declines in construction spending during this period and our Distribution segment normally experiences seasonal declines in its first quarter business activity due to holiday periods in Asia and Australia. 11 Table of Contents LARGEST CUSTOMERS We have thousands of customers around the world and have developed long-standing business relationships with many of them. PACCAR is our largest customer, accounting for approximately 14 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2014, compared to approximately 12 percent in 2013 and 13 percent in 2012. We have long-term supply agreements with PACCAR for our heavy-duty ISX 15 liter and ISX 11.9 liter engines and our ISL 9 liter mid-range engine. While a significant number of our sales to PACCAR are under long-term supply agreements, these agreements provide for particular engine requirements for specific vehicle models and not a specific volume of engines. PACCAR is our only customer accounting for more than 10 percent of our net sales in 2014. The loss of this customer or a significant decline in the production level of PACCAR vehicles that use our engines would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We have been an engine supplier to PACCAR for over 70 years. A summary of principal customers for each operating segment is included in our segment discussion. In addition to our agreement with PACCAR, we have long-term heavy-duty engine supply agreements with Navistar, Volvo Trucks North America and Daimler Trucks North America and long-term mid-range supply agreements with Daimler Trucks North America, Navistar, Ford and MAN. We also have an agreement with Chrysler to supply engines for its Ram trucks. In our off-highway markets, we have various engine and component supply agreements across our mid-range and high-horsepower businesses with Komatsu Ltd., as well as various joint ventures and other license agreements in our Engine, Component and Distribution segments.  Collectively, our net sales to these eight customers, including PACCAR, were approximately 37 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2014 , compared to approximately 36 percent in 2013 and 35 percent in 2012.  Excluding PACCAR, net sales to any single customer were less than 8 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2014 , compared to less than 7 percent in 2013 and less than 8 percent in 2012.  These agreements contain standard purchase and sale agreement terms covering engine and engine parts pricing, quality and delivery commitments, as well as engineering product support obligations. The basic nature of our agreements with OEM customers is that they are long-term price and operations agreements that help assure the availability of our products to each customer through the duration of the respective agreements. Agreements with most OEMs contain bilateral termination provisions giving either party the right to terminate in the event of a material breach, change of control or insolvency or bankruptcy of the other party.   BACKLOG We have supply agreements with some truck and off-highway equipment OEMs, however most of our business is transacted through open purchase orders. These open orders are historically subject to month-to-month releases and are subject to cancellation on reasonable notice without cancellation charges and therefore are not considered firm. As of  December 31, 2014 , we did not have any significant backlogs. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT In  2014 , we  increase d our research, development and engineering expenses as we continued to invest in future critical technologies and products. We will continue to make investments to improve our current technologies, continue to meet the future emission requirements around the world and improve fuel economy. Our research and development program is focused on product improvements, innovations and cost reductions for our customers. Research and development expenditures include salaries, contractor fees, building costs, utilities, administrative expenses and allocation of corporate costs and are expensed, net of contract reimbursements, when incurred. From time to time, we enter into agreements with customers to fund a portion of the research and development costs of a particular project. We generally account for these reimbursements as an offset to the related research and development expenditure. Research and development expenses, net of contract reimbursements, were  $737 million  in 2014,   $700 million  in 2013 and  $721 million  in 2012.  Contract reimbursements were  $121 million  in 2014,   $76 million  in 2013 and  $86 million  in 2012.   For 2013 and 2012, approximately $15 million and $101 million, or 2 percent and 14 percent, respectively, of our research and development expenditures were directly related to compliance with 2013 EPA emission standards. For 2014 and 2013, approximately $60 million and $32 million, or 8 percent and 5 percent, respectively, of our research and development expenditures were directly related to compliance with 2017 EPA emission standards. ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY Cummins adopted its first-ever comprehensive environmental sustainability plan in 2014 that builds on the many years of good work already done to positively impact the environment through the products we make, the use of our facilities, management of our supply chain and improvement of the communities where we live and work. We examined our entire environmental footprint, focusing on the key areas of water, waste, energy and greenhouse gases. We then identified the top four  12 Table of Contents environmental sustainability priorities of products in-use, materials and fuel efficiency, transportation and facilities and operations. We set initial goals in our facilities, where we have the most data, influence and experience. Those goals are to reduce energy use and greenhouse gas emissions by 25% and 27%, respectively, by 2015 against a 2005 baseline and adjusted for sales; reduce direct water use by 33% adjusted for hours worked and achieve water neutrality at 15 sites by 2020; and increase our recycling rate from 88% to 95% and achieve zero disposal at 30 sites by 2020. We continue to invest significantly in our products to further reduce emissions and increase efficiency. We endeavor to work collaboratively with customers to improve their fuel efficiency, reduce their carbon footprints and conserve other resources. Our next efforts will be specifically focused on products, both in design and in use, as well as on how we use the best mode and method of transportation to reduce emissions in moving goods throughout the Cummins network. Over the past four years, we believe that we have reduced company-wide water usage intensity by approximately 30 percent, U.S.-wide process-derived hazardous waste generation by approximately 41 percent and company-wide disposal waste by approximately 28 percent, all normalized to total work hours. As part of the U.S. Department of Energy's Better Buildings, Better Plants program, we have pledged to achieve a 25 percent energy intensity (energy use adjusted for sales) reduction by 2015; at the end of 2013, we had achieved a 33 percent reduction. We also have articulated our positions on key public policy issues and on a wide range of environmental issues. We are actively engaged with regulatory, industry and other stakeholder groups around the world as greenhouse gas and fuel efficiency standards become more prevalent globally. For the ninth consecutive year, we were named to the Dow Jones North American Sustainability Index and as well as a “Natural Capital Decoupling Leader” by Green Biz Group and Trucost for reductions in environmental footprint amid company growth. Our Sustainability Report for 2013/2014 and prior reports as well as an addendum of more detailed environmental data is available on our website at  www.cummins.com , although such report and addendum are not incorporated into this Form 10-K. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE Product Environmental Compliance Our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that directly or indirectly impose standards governing emission and noise. We have substantially increased our global environmental compliance presence and expertise to better prepare for, understand and ultimately meet emerging product environmental regulations around the world. Our products comply with current emission standards that the European Union (EU), EPA, the California Air Resources Board (CARB) and other state and international regulatory agencies have established for heavy-duty on-highway diesel and gas engines and off-highway engines. Our ability to comply with these and future emission standards is an essential element in maintaining our leadership position in regulated markets. We have made, and will continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures to comply with these standards. Our failure to comply with these standards could result in adverse effects on our future financial results. EU and EPA Engine Certifications The current on-highway emission standards came into effect in the European Union (EU) on January 1, 2013 (Euro VI) and on January 1, 2010 for the EPA. To meet the more stringent heavy-duty on-highway emission standards, we used an evolution of our proven selective catalytic reduction (SCR) and exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) technology solutions and refined them for the EU and EPA certified engines to maintain power and torque with substantial fuel economy improvement and maintenance intervals comparable with our previous compliant engines. We offer a complete lineup of on-highway engines to meet the near-zero emission standards. Mid-range and heavy-duty engines for EU and EPA require NOx aftertreatment. NOx reduction is achieved by an integrated technology solution comprised of the XPI High Pressure Common Rail fuel system, SCR technology, next-generation cooled EGR, advanced electronic controls, proven air handling and the Cummins Diesel Particulate Filter (DPF). The EU, EPA, and CARB have certified that our engines meet the current emission requirements. Emission standards in international markets, including Japan, Mexico, Australia, Brazil, Russia, India and China are becoming more stringent. We believe that our experience in meeting the EU and EPA emission standards leaves us well positioned to take advantage of opportunities in these markets as the need for emission control capability grows. We received certification from the EPA that we met both the EPA 2013 and 2014 greenhouse gas (GHG) regulations and rules. The EPA 2013 regulations add the requirement of On-Board Diagnostics, which were introduced on the ISX15 in 2010, across the full on-highway product line in 2013 in addition to maintaining the same near-zero emission levels of NOx and Particulate Matter (PM) required in 2010. On-Board Diagnostics provide enhanced service capability with standardized diagnostic trouble codes, service tool interface, in-cab warning lamp and service information availability. The new GHG and fuel-efficiency regulations were required for all heavy-duty diesel and natural gas engines beginning in January 2014. Our GHG certification was the first engine certificate issued by the EPA and uses the same proven base engine with the XPI fuel system, Variable Geometry Turbocharger (VGT TM ), Cummins Aftertreatment System with DPF and SCR technology. 13 Table of Contents Other Environmental Statutes and Regulations Expenditures for environmental control activities and environmental remediation projects at our facilities in the U.S. have not been a substantial portion of our annual capital outlays and are not expected to be material in 2015. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with laws and regulations applicable to our plants and operations. In the U.S., pursuant to notices received from federal and state agencies and/or defendant parties in site environmental contribution actions, we have been identified as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended or similar state laws, at less than 20 waste disposal sites. Based upon our experiences at similar sites we believe that our aggregate future remediation costs will not be significant. We have established accruals that we believe are adequate for our expected future liability with respect to these sites. In addition, we have several other sites where we are working with governmental authorities on remediation projects. The costs for these remediation projects are not expected to be material. EMPLOYEES As of December 31, 2014, we employed approximately 54,600 persons worldwide. Approximately 17,680 of our employees worldwide are represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2015 and 2019.   AVAILABLE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). You may read and copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for information on the public reference room. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers (including Cummins) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's internet site is www.sec.gov. Our internet site is www.cummins.com. You can access our Investors and Media webpage through our internet site, by clicking on the heading "Investors and Media" followed by the "Investor Relations" link. We make available, free of charge, on or through our Investors and Media webpage, our proxy statements, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We also have a Corporate Governance webpage. You can access our Governance Documents webpage through our internet site, www.cummins.com, by clicking on the heading "Investors and Media," followed by the "Investor Relations" link and then the topic heading of "Governance Documents" within the "Corporate Governance" heading. Code of Conduct, Committee Charters and other governance documents are included at this site. Our Code of Conduct applies to all employees, regardless of their position or the country in which they work. It also applies to the employees of any entity owned or controlled by us. We will post any amendments to the Code of Conduct and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange LLC (NYSE), on our internet site. The information on our internet site is not incorporated by reference into this report. 14 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Following are the names and ages of our executive officers, their positions with us as of January 31,  2015 , and summaries of their backgrounds and business experience: Name and Age   Present Cummins Inc. position and year appointed to position   Principal position during the past five years other than Cummins Inc. position currently held N. Thomas Linebarger (52)   Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (2012)   President and Chief Operating Officer (2008-2011) Richard J. Freeland (57)   President and Chief Operating Officer (2014)   Vice President and President - Engine Business (2010-2014) Vice President and President-Components Group (2008-2010) Sherry A. Aaholm (52)   Vice President—Chief Information Officer (2014)   Chief Information Officer (2013-2014) Executive Vice President, Information Technology, FedEx Services (1998-2013)  Sharon R. Barner (57)   Vice President—General Counsel (2012)   Partner—Law firm of Foley & Lardner (2011-2012) Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce—Intellectual Property and Deputy Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (2009-2011) Pamela L. Carter (65)   Vice President and President—Distribution Business (2007)     Steven M. Chapman (60)   Group Vice President—China and Russia (2009)     Jill E. Cook (51)   Vice President—Human Resources (2003)     Dave J. Crompton (49)   Vice President and President—Engine Business (2014)   Vice President and General Manager - Engine Business (2013-2014) Vice President and General Manager - Midrange Engine Business (2005-2013) Tracy A. Embree (41)   Vice President and President— Components Group (2015)   Vice President and President— Turbo Technologies (2012-2014) General Manager, Turbo Technologies—Asia (2011-2012) Executive Director—On Highway Business (2010-2011) Executive Director—Chrysler Business (2008-2010) Thaddeaus B. Ewald (47)   Vice President - Corporate Strategy and Business Development (2010)   Executive Director—Growth Office (2008-2010) Richard E. Harris (62)   Vice President—Chief Investment Officer (2008)     Marsha L. Hunt (51)   Vice President—Corporate Controller (2003)     Mark A. Levett (65)   Vice President—Corporate Responsibility and Chief Executive Officer - Cummins Foundation (2013)   General Manager and Vice President—High Horsepower (1999-2013) 15 Table of Contents Mark J. Osowick (47)   Vice President - Human Resources Operations (2014)   Executive Director—Human Resources, Components Segment & India ABO (2010-2014) Executive Director, Global Organization Development & Recruiting (2007-2010) Marya M. Rose (52)   Vice President—Chief Administrative Officer (2011)   Vice President—General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (2001-2011) Livingston L. Satterthwaite (54)   Vice President and President—Power Generation (2008)     Anant J. Talaulicar (53)   Chairman and Managing Director-Cummins India Area Business Organization (2003)   Vice President and President - Components Group (2010-2014) John C. Wall (63)   Vice President—Chief Technical Officer (2000)     Patrick J. Ward (51)   Vice President—Chief Financial Officer (2008)     Lisa M. Yoder (51)   Vice President—Global Supply Chain & Manufacturing (2011)   Vice President—Corporate Supply Chain (2010-2011), Executive Director—Supply Chain & Operations-Power Generation (2007-2010) Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is elected annually by our Board of Directors and holds office until the meeting of the Board of Directors at which his election is next considered. Other officers are appointed by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, are ratified by our Board of Directors and hold office for such period as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors may prescribe. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 1A.    Risk Factors Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section above, "CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION," should be considered in addition to the following statements. A sustained slowdown or significant downturn in our markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.  The U.S. economy began to improve in 2014, although many international markets continued to struggle. If the global economy or some of our significant markets encounter a sustained slowdown; depending upon the length, duration and severity of such a slowdown, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow would almost certainly be materially adversely affected. Specifically, our revenues would likely decrease, we may be forced to consider further restructuring actions, we may need to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, our days sales outstanding may increase and we could experience impairments to assets of certain of our businesses.   A slowdown in infrastructure development could adversely affect our business.   Infrastructure development has been a significant driver of our business in recent years, especially in the emerging markets of China and Brazil. General weakness in economic growth or the perception that infrastructure has been overbuilt could lead to a decline in infrastructure spending. Any sustained downturns in infrastructure development that result from these or other circumstances could adversely affect our business. Unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world could adversely affect our business.   Our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emission and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, the European Union, state regulatory agencies (such as the CARB) and other regulatory agencies around the world. We have made, and will be required to continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures to comply with these emission standards. Developing engines to meet numerous changing government regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. In some cases, we may be required to develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions. While we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. In addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in emerging markets are unpredictable and subject to change, or delays which could result in the products we developed or modified to comply with these standards becoming unnecessary or becoming necessary later than expected and in some cases negating our competitive advantage. This in turn can delay, diminish or eliminate the expected return on capital and research expenditures that we have invested in such products and may adversely affect our perceived competitive advantage in being an early, advanced developer of compliant engines.  We derive significant income from investees that we do not directly control.   Our net income includes significant equity, royalty and interest income from investees that we do not directly control.  For 2014, we recognized $370 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $361 million in 2013.   The majority of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from our    unconsolidated North American distributors and from two of our joint ventures in China, Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (DCEC) and Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (CCEC) at December 31, 2014. Our equity ownership interests in our unconsolidated North American distributors ranged from 49 percent to 50 percent at December 31, 2014. We have 50 percent equity ownership interests in DCEC and CCEC.   As a result, although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. A significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.   17 Table of Contents Our truck manufacturers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) customers may not continue to outsource their engine supply needs.  Several of our engine customers, including PACCAR, Volvo AB, Navistar, Chrysler and DCEC, are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some of their own products. Despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. However, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. Increased levels of OEM vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.   A downturn in the North American truck industry or other factors negatively affecting any of our truck OEM customers could materially adversely impact our results of operations.   We make significant sales of engines and components to a few large truck OEMs in North America. If the North American truck market suffers a significant downturn, or if one of our large truck OEM customers experienced financial distress or bankruptcy, such circumstance would likely lead to significant reductions in our revenues and earnings, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.   The discovery of any significant problems with our recently-introduced engine platforms in North America could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.   The EPA and CARB have certified all of our 2012/2013 on-highway and off-highway engines, which utilize SCR technology to meet requisite emission levels. We introduced SCR technology into our engine platforms in 2010. The effective performance of SCR technology and the overall performance of these engine platforms impact a number of our operating segments and remain crucial to our success in North America. While these 2010 and 2013 engine platforms have performed well in the field, the discovery of any significant problems in these platforms could result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, reputational risk and brand risk, and could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.   We are vulnerable to supply shortages from single-sourced suppliers.   During 2014, we single sourced approximately 55 percent of the total types of parts in our product designs. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. Delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers, including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters or acts of war or terrorism. Any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and our results of operations.   Our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.   Our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. Additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. While we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. As a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.   18 Table of Contents Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues.   Our products may be subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Product recalls subject us to harm to our reputation, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. Any significant product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.   Failure to successfully integrate the planned acquisitions of the equity we do not already own of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors could have an adverse impact on our realization of expected benefits to our financial condition and results of operations.   The completion of our plan to acquire all of the equity we do not already own of our partially- owned United States and Canadian distributors (each, an ''Acquisition,'' and collectively, the ''Acquisitions''), is subject to various risks, including, among other things, our ability to realize the full extent of the incremental revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits that we expect to realize as a result of the completion of the Acquisitions within the anticipated time frame, or at all; the costs that are expected to be incurred in connection with evaluating, negotiating, consummating and integrating the Acquisitions; the ability of management to focus adequate time and attention on evaluating, negotiating, consummating and integrating the Acquisitions; and diversion of management's attention from base strategies and objectives, both during and after the acquisition process. Further, as with all merger and acquisition activity, there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate, consummate and integrate the Acquisitions in accordance with our plans. Those persons holding the third-party ownership of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors may not agree to our acquisition proposals, including the terms and conditions thereof, and may claim that our proposals to exercise certain contractual rights that we have with respect to acquiring such distributors may violate applicable state franchise and distributor laws, which may prohibit, delay or otherwise adversely affect the consummation of such Acquisitions on terms and conditions that are less favorable to us than we currently anticipate, or not at all.   After completion of the Acquisitions, we may fail to realize the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits.   The financial success of the Acquisitions will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully combine our business with the businesses of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors, transition operations and realize the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits from such Acquisitions. While we currently believe that these enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits estimates are achievable, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all. Our enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits estimates also depend on our ability to execute and integrate the Acquisitions in a manner that permits those benefits to be realized. If these estimates turn out to be incorrect or we are not able to execute our integration strategy successfully, the anticipated enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits, resulting from the Acquisitions may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected.   Specifically, issues that must be addressed in integration in order to realize the anticipated benefits and costs savings of the Acquisitions include, among other things:   • maintaining and improving management and employee engagement, morale, motivation and productivity;   • recruiting and retaining executives and key employees;   • retaining and strengthening relationships with existing customers and attracting new customers;   • conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures among the companies;   • consolidating and streamlining corporate and administrative infrastructures;   • consolidating sales, customer service and marketing operations;   • identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming operations and assets;   • integrating the distribution, sales, customer service and administrative support activities among the companies;   • integrating information technology systems, including those systems managing data security for sensitive employee, customer and vendor information, and diverse network applications across the companies;   19 Table of Contents • managing the broadened competitive landscape, including responding to the actions taken by competitors in response to the Acquisitions;   • coordinating geographically dispersed organizations;   • managing the additional business risks of businesses that we have not previously directly managed; and   • managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of the Acquisitions.   Delays encountered in the process of integrating the Acquisitions could negatively impact our revenues, expenses, operating results, cash flow and financial condition after completion of the Acquisitions, including through the loss of current customers or suppliers. Although significant benefits, such as enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow and cost savings, are expected to result from the Acquisitions, there can be no assurance that we will realize any of these anticipated benefits after completion of any or all of the Acquisitions.   Additionally, significant costs are expected to be incurred in connection with the integration of the Acquisitions. We continue to assess the magnitude of these costs and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred, including costs associated with assuming our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors' exposure to outstanding and anticipated legal claims and other liabilities. Although we believe that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other synergies and efficiencies related to the integration of the Acquisitions, will offset incremental integration-related costs over time, no assurances can be given that this net benefit will be achieved in the near term, or at all. In addition, the process of integrating the operations of our partially- owned United States and Canadian distributors may distract management and employees from delivering against base strategies and objectives, which could negatively impact other segments of our business following the completion of the Acquisitions.   Furthermore, the Acquisitions and the related integration efforts, could result in the departure of key managers and employees, and we may fail to identify managerial resources to fill both executive-level and lower-level managerial positions and replace key employees, including those who oversee customer relationships, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, and, prior to the completion of the Acquisitions, the businesses of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors.   The completion of the Acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of certain required clearances or approvals from governmental entities that could prevent or delay their completion or impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us.   Completion of each of the Acquisitions may be conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental clearances or approvals, including, but not limited to, the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting periods under U.S. competition and trade laws with respect to such Acquisitions as well as applicable state regulations and restrictions. There can be no assurance that these clearances and approvals will be obtained, and, additionally, government authorities from which these clearances and approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of any, or all, of the Acquisitions or require changes to their respective terms. If, in order to obtain any clearances or approvals required to complete any of the Acquisitions, we become subject to any material conditions after completion of any of such Acquisitions, our business and results of operations after completion of any of such Acquisitions may be adversely affected.   We face significant competition in the markets we serve.   The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. We primarily compete in the market with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. We also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets. For a more complete discussion of the competitive environment in which each of our segments operates, see “Operating Segments” in “Item 1 Business.”   20 Table of Contents Increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.   As our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. This has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. As these emerging market customers enter into and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. Our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers and, as a result, we may be pressured to restrict sale or support of some of our products in the areas of increased competition. In addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers. We are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, information technology security threats and sophisticated "cyber attacks."   We rely on our information technology systems and networks in connection with various of our business activities. Some of these networks and systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. Information technology security threats, including security breaches, computer malware and other “cyber attacks” are increasing in both frequency and sophistication. These threats could create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. We are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business.   Approximately 48 percent of our net sales for 2014 and 52 percent in 2013 were attributable to customers outside the U.S.   Accordingly, our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. These risks include:   • the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;   • trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;   • the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the U.S.;   • the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;   • difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations;   • required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and   • changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets.   As we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. There can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.   Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.  We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous international jurisdictions. Our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in the distribution of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes to our assertions regarding permanent re-investment of our foreign earnings, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. The carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. We are also subject to ongoing tax audits. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. Tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.   21 Table of Contents Our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk.   Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. Recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws from other countries. Our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the U.S. The activities of these entities may not comply with U.S. laws or business practices or our Code of Business Conduct. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.   We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.   We can experience capacity constraints and longer lead times for certain products in times of growing demand while we can also experience idle capacity as economies slow or demand for certain products decline. Accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity have been, and will continue to be, important factors in determining our results of operations. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase manufacturing capacity to a level that meets demand for our products, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and could harm our business. However, if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.   Our business is exposed to risks of product liability claims.   We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results or is alleged to result in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. We may experience material product liability losses in the future. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. In addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. An unsuccessful defense of a significant product liability claim could have a material adverse effect upon us. In addition, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.   We may need to write off significant investments in our new North American light-duty diesel engine platform if customer commitments deteriorate.   We began development of a new North American light-duty diesel engine platform in July 2006 to be used in a variety of on- and off-highway applications. Since that time, and as of December 31, 2014, we have capitalized investments of approximately $251 million. Market uncertainty due to the global recession resulted in some customers delaying or cancelling their vehicle programs, while others remained active. We reached an agreement to supply Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. with our light-duty diesel engine beginning in 2015, however, if customer expectations or volume projections deteriorate from our current expected levels and we do not identify new customers, we may need to recognize an impairment charge.   Our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations.   Our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. While we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. If a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.   22 Table of Contents We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate and other related risks.   We conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. In addition, since our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. While we customarily enter into financial transactions that attempt to address these risks and many of our supply agreements with customers include foreign currency exchange rate adjustment provisions, there can be no assurance that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  We also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. Foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation.  We are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.   The level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. High energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. Some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. The relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. If these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case. Significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.   We sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. Our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. We could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets. Significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Depending upon the severity of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the U.S. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.   We may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters. As of December 31, 2014, we employed approximately 54,600 persons worldwide. Approximately 17,680 of our employees worldwide are represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2015 and 2019.  While we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. Any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. In addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. Work stoppages or slow-downs experienced by our customers or suppliers could result in slow-downs or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.   23 Table of Contents Our financial statements are subject to changes in accounting standards that could adversely impact our profitability or financial position.   Our financial statements are subject to the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), which are periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Recently, accounting standard setters issued new guidance which further interprets or seeks to revise accounting pronouncements related to revenue recognition and lease accounting as well as to issue new standards expanding disclosures. The impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our annual and quarterly reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. An assessment of proposed standards is not provided, as such proposals are subject to change through the exposure process and, therefore, their effects on our financial statements cannot be meaningfully assessed. It is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the reported results of operations and financial position.   ITEM 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments None. 24 Table of Contents ITEM 2.    Properties Manufacturing Facilities Our principal manufacturing facilities include our plants used by the following segments in the following locations: Segment   U.S. Facilities   Facilities Outside the U.S. Engine   Indiana:  Columbus, Seymour   Brazil:  Sao Paulo     Tennessee:  Memphis   India:  Pune, Phaltan     New Mexico:  Clovis   Mexico:  San Luis Potosi     New York:  Lakewood   U.K.:  Darlington, Daventry, Cumbernauld     North Carolina:  Whitakers     Components   Indiana:  Columbus   Australia:  Kilsyth     South Carolina:  Charleston   Brazil:  Sao Paulo     Tennessee:  Cookeville   China:  Beijing, Shanghai, Wuxi, Wuhan     Wisconsin:  Mineral Point, Neillsville   France:  Quimper         Germany:  Marktheidenfeld         India:  Pune, Dewas, Pithampur, Rudrapur         Mexico:  Ciudad Juarez, San Luis Potosi         South Africa:  Pietermaritzburg         South Korea:  Suwon         Turkey:  Ismir         U.K.:  Darlington, Huddersfield Power Generation   Indiana:  Elkhart   Brazil:  Sao Paulo     Minnesota:  Fridley   China:  Wuxi, Wuhan         Germany:  Ingolstadt         India:  Pirangut, Ahmendnagar, Ranjangaon, Phaltan         Mexico:  San Luis Potosi         Romania:  Craiova         U.K.:  Margate, Manston, Stamford         Nigeria:  Lagos In addition, engines and engine components are manufactured by joint ventures or independent licensees at manufacturing plants in the U.S., China, India, South Korea, Mexico and Sweden. 25 Table of Contents Distribution Facilities  The principal distribution facilities used by our Distribution and Engine segments are located in the following locations: Segment   U.S. Facilities   Facilities Outside the U.S. Distribution   Alaska:  Anchorage   Australia:  Scoresby     Arkansas:  Little Rock   Canada:  Vancouver, Montreal     Colorado:  Commerce City, Henderson   Germany:  Gross Gerau     Florida:  Orlando   India:  Pune     Georgia:  Atlanta   Japan:  Tokyo     Illinois:  Hodgkins   Korea:  Cheonan     Kansas:  Wichita   Panama:  Panama City     Louisiana:  Kenner   Russia:  Moscow     Massachusetts:  Dedham   Singapore:  Singapore SG     Michigan:  Grand Rapids   South Africa:  Johannesburg     Minnesota:  White Bear Lake   U.K.:  Wellingborough     Missouri:  Kansas City   United Arab Emirates:  Dubai     Nebraska:  Omaha         New Mexico:  Farmington         New York:  Bronx         Ohio:  Hilliard         Oklahoma:  Oklahoma City         Oregon:  Portland         Pennsylvania:  Bristol, Harrisburg         Texas:  Dallas         Utah:  Salt Lake City         Washington:  Renton, Spokane     Engine   Tennessee:  Memphis   Belgium:  Rumst Headquarters and Other Offices Our Corporate Headquarters are located in Columbus, Indiana. Additional marketing and operational headquarters are in the following locations: U.S. Facilities   Facilities Outside the U.S. Indiana:  Columbus, Indianapolis   China:  Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan Tennessee:  Nashville   India:  Pune Washington, D.C.   U.K.:  Staines, Stockton 26 Table of Contents ITEM 3.    Legal Proceedings We are subject to numerous lawsuits and claims arising out of the ordinary course of our business, including actions related to product liability; personal injury; the use and performance of our products; warranty matters; patent, trademark or other intellectual property infringement; contractual liability; the conduct of our business; tax reporting in foreign jurisdictions; distributor termination; workplace safety; and environmental matters. We also have been identified as a potentially responsible party at multiple waste disposal sites under U.S. federal and related state environmental statutes and regulations and may have joint and several liability for any investigation and remediation costs incurred with respect to such sites. We have denied liability with respect to many of these lawsuits, claims and proceedings and are vigorously defending such lawsuits, claims and proceedings. We carry various forms of commercial, property and casualty, product liability and other forms of insurance; however, such insurance may not be applicable or adequate to cover the costs associated with a judgment against us with respect to these lawsuits, claims and proceedings. We do not believe that these lawsuits are material individually or in the aggregate. While we believe we have also established adequate accruals for our expected future liability with respect to pending lawsuits, claims and proceedings, where the nature and extent of any such liability can be reasonably estimated based upon then presently available information, there can be no assurance that the final resolution of any existing or future lawsuits, claims or proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.   We conduct significant business operations in Brazil that are subject to the Brazilian federal, state and local labor, social security, tax and customs laws. While we believe we comply with such laws, they are complex, subject to varying interpretations and we are often engaged in litigation regarding the application of these laws to particular circumstances. ITEM 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. 27 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a)   Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol "CMI." For information about the quoted market prices of our common stock, information regarding dividend payments and the number of common stock shareholders, see "Selected Quarterly Financial Data" in this report. For other matters related to our common stock and shareholders' equity, see Note  14 , " SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements . (b)   Use of proceeds—not applicable. (c)   The following information is provided pursuant to Item 703 of Regulation S-K:     Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period   (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)   (b) Average Price Paid per Share   (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   (d) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) September 29 - November 2, 2014   315,011   $ 129.26   314,276   81,701 November 3 - November 30, 2014   867   144.83   —   84,031 December 1 - December 31, 2014   180,614   138.75   180,214   88,027 Total   496,492   132.74   494,490     _____________________________________________________________ (1)   Shares purchased represent shares under our Key Employee Stock Investment Plan established in 1969 (there is no maximum repurchase limitation in this plan) and the 2012 Board of Directors authorized $1 billion share repurchase program. (2)   These values reflect the sum of shares held in loan status under our Key Employee Stock Investment Plan. The repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors does not limit the number of shares that may be purchased and was excluded from this column.   In December 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the acquisition of $1 billion of our common stock upon completion of the 2011 repurchase program. In 2014, we acquired  $670 million  or  4.8 million  shares of our common stock leaving  $174 million  available for purchase under the 2012 repurchase plan at  December 31, 2014 .  In July 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2012 repurchase plan. During the fourth quarter of  2014 , we repurchased  2,002   shares from employees in connection with the Key Employee Stock Investment Plan which allows certain employees, other than officers, to purchase shares of common stock on an installment basis up to an established credit limit. Loans are issued for five-year terms at a fixed interest rate established at the date of purchase and may be refinanced after its initial five-year period for an additional five-year period. Participants must hold shares for a minimum of six months from date of purchase and after shares are sold must wait six months before another share purchase may be made. We hold participants’ shares as security for the loans and would, in effect repurchase shares if the participant defaulted in repayment of the loan. There is no maximum amount of shares that we may purchase under this plan. 28 Table of Contents Performance Graph (Unaudited) The following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any of our future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock for the last five years with the cumulative total return on the S&P 500 Index and an index of peer companies selected by us. Our peer group includes BorgWarner Inc, Caterpillar, Inc., Daimler AG, Danaher Corporation, Deere & Company, Donaldson Company Inc., Eaton Corporation, Emerson Electric Co., W.W. Grainger Inc., Honeywell International, Illinois Tool Works Inc., Ingersoll-Rand Company Ltd., Navistar, PACCAR, Parker-Hannifin Corporation, Textron Inc. and Volvo AB. Each of the measures of cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. The comparisons in this table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our stock. COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG CUMMINS INC., S&P 500 INDEX AND CUSTOM PEER GROUP ASSUMES $100 INVESTED ON  DEC. 31, 2009   ASSUMES DIVIDENDS REINVESTED FISCAL YEAR ENDING DEC. 31,  2014   29 Table of Contents ITEM 6.    Selected Financial Data The selected financial information presented below for each of the last five years ended December 31, beginning with  2014 , was derived from our  Consolidated Financial Statements . This information should be read in conjunction with our  Consolidated Financial Statements  and related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." In millions, except per share amounts   2014   2013   2012   2011   2010 For the years ended December 31,                     Net sales   $ 19,221   $ 17,301   $ 17,334   $ 18,048   $ 13,226 U.S. percentage of sales   52 %   48 %   47 %   41 %   36 % Non-U.S. percentage of sales   48 %   52 %   53 %   59 %   64 % Gross margin (1)   4,861   4,280   4,416   4,589   3,168 Research, development and engineering expenses   754   713   728   629   414 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   370   361   384   416   351 Interest expense (2)   64   41   32   44   40 Net income attributable to Cummins Inc. (3)   1,651   1,483   1,645   1,848   1,040 Earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc.                     Basic   $ 9.04   $ 7.93   $ 8.69   $ 9.58   $ 5.29 Diluted   9.02   7.91   8.67   9.55   5.28 Cash dividends declared per share   2.81   2.25   1.80   1.325   0.875 Net cash provided by operating activities   $ 2,266   $ 2,089   $ 1,532   $ 2,073   $ 1,006 Capital expenditures   743   676   690   622   364 At December 31,                     Cash and cash equivalents   $ 2,301   $ 2,699   $ 1,369   $ 1,484   $ 1,023 Total assets   15,776   14,728   12,548   11,668   10,402 Long-term debt (2)   1,589   1,672   698   658   709 Total equity (4)   8,093   7,870   6,974   5,831   4,996 _____________________________________________________________ (1)    We revised the classification of certain amounts for "Cost of sales" and "Selling, general and administrative expenses" for 2013 and 2012. The segment EBIT performance measure is unchanged, however, certain activities that were previously classified in "Selling, general and administrative expenses" are now classified as "Cost of sales". The reclassifications for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, were $103 million and $92 million, respectively. The revision had no impact on reported net income, cash flows or the balance sheet. The amounts for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, were not reclassified to be consistent with the current presentation . See Note  1 , " SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional detail. (2)    In September 2013, we issued $1 billion of senior unsecured debt. (3)   For the year ended December 31, 2012, consolidated net income included $52 million of restructuring and other charges ($35 million after-tax) and a $20 million charge ($12 million after-tax) related to legal matters. For the year ended December 31, 2011, consolidated net income included a $68 million gain ($37 million after-tax) related to the disposition of certain assets and liabilities of our exhaust business and a $53 million gain ($33 million after-tax) recorded for the disposition of certain assets and liabilities of our light-duty filtration business, both from the Components segment, and a $38 million gain ($24 million after-tax) related to flood damage recoveries from the insurance settlement related to a June 2008 flood in Southern Indiana. For the year ended December 31, 2010, consolidated net income included $32 million in Brazil tax recoveries ($21 million after-tax) and $2 million in flood damage expenses.   (4)   In 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recorded non-cash charges (credits) to equity of $78 million, $(102) million, $83 million, $96 million and $(125) million, respectively, to record net actuarial (gains) losses associated with the valuation of our pension plans. These (gains) losses include the effects of market conditions on our pension trust assets and the effects of economic factors on the valuation of the pension liability. 30 Table of Contents ITEM 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ORGANIZATION OF INFORMATION The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our  Consolidated Financial Statements  and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. Our MD&A is presented in the following sections: • Executive Summary and Financial Highlights • 2015  Outlook • Results of Operations • Operating Segment Results • Liquidity and Capital Resources • Contractual Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments • Application of Critical Accounting Estimates • Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products, including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems and electric power generation systems. We sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), distributors and other customers worldwide.   We have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including PACCAR Inc, Daimler Trucks North America, Chrysler Group, LLC (Chrysler), Volvo AB, Komatsu, Navistar International Corporation, Aggreko plc, Ford Motor Company and MAN Nutzfahrzeuge AG.   We serve our customers through a network of approximately   600  company-owned and independent distributor locations and approximately   7,200   dealer locations in more than  190  countries and territories.   Our reportable operating segments consist of the following: Engine, Distribution, Components and Power Generation. This reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves . The Engine segment produces engines and parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various industrial markets. Our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, mining, agriculture, marine, oil and gas, rail and military equipment. The Distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various OEMs throughout the world. The Components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers and fuel systems. The Power Generation segment is an integrated provider of power systems, which sells engines, generator sets and alternators.   Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels and production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. As a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia and countries in the Middle East and Africa. At the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.   Worldwide revenues  improved   11 percent  in  2014  compared to  2013 , primarily due to the improvements in North American on-highway demand and the consolidation of partially owned North American distributors. Revenue in the U.S. and Canada  improved  by  20 percent  primarily due to increased demand in the North American on-highway markets driving sales in both the Engine and Components segments, as well as improved Distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially- 31 Table of Contents owned North American distributors since December 31, 2012. These increases were partially offset by the reduced demand in the North American power generation markets primarily due to lower military sales. Amid the continued international economic uncertainty in 2014, our international revenues remained flat compared to 2013. International revenues increased in the Components segment, especially the emission solutions business in Western Europe and China due to additional content as the result of new emission regulations, while the Distribution segment revenues improved due to demand growth in Africa and Asia Pacific. These increases were offset by decreased international on-highway demand with decreased shipments of 7 percent and 11 percent in the heavy-duty and medium-duty truck markets, respectively, and decreased demand in international power generation markets. The following table contains sales and EBIT (defined as earnings before interest expense, taxes and noncontrolling interests) results by operating segment for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 . Refer to the section titled "Operating Segment Results" for a more detailed discussion of net sales and EBIT by operating segment including the reconciliation of segment EBIT to income before income taxes. Operating Segments     2014   2013   Percent change         Percent of Total           Percent of Total       2014 vs. 2013 In millions   Sales   EBIT   Sales   EBIT   Sales   EBIT Engine   $ 10,962   57  %   $ 1,225   $ 10,013   58  %   $ 1,041   9  %   18  % Distribution   5,174   27  %   491   3,749   22  %   388   38  %   27  % Components   5,118   27  %   684   4,342   25  %   527   18  %   30  % Power Generation   2,896   15  %   168   3,031   18  %   218   (4 )%   (23 )% Intersegment eliminations   (4,929 )   (26 )%   —   (3,834 )   (23 )%   —   29  %   — Non-segment   —   —   (70 )   —   —   (14 )   —   NM Total   $ 19,221   100  %   $ 2,498   $ 17,301   100  %   $ 2,160   11  %   16  % _____________________________________________________ "NM" - not meaningful information Net income attributable to Cummins Inc. for  2014  was  $1,651 million , or  $9.02  per diluted share, on sales of  $19.2 billion , compared to  2013  net income attributable to Cummins Inc. of  $1,483 million , or  $7.91  per diluted share, on sales of  $17.3 billion . The  increase  in net income and earnings per share was driven by improved gross margin, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses. The improved gross margin was the result of higher volumes, improved Distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned North American distributors since  December 31, 2012 , lower material and commodity costs and favorable mix, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations.  Diluted earnings per share for 2014 benefited $0.16 from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.   We generated  $2.3 billion  of operating cash flows in  2014 , compared to  $2.1 billion  in  2013 . Refer to the section titled "Operating Activities" in the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows. In September 2013, we announced our intention to acquire the equity that we do not already own in most of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors over the next  three  to  five years .  During 2014, we spent  $460 million   on these acquisitions and the related debt retirements.  We plan to spend an additional  $170 million to $210 million  on North American distributor acquisitions and the related debt retirements in 2015. Refer to Note  2 , " ACQUISITIONS ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information. During  2014 , we repurchased  $670 million  of common stock under the 2012 Board of Directors authorized plan.  In July 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2012 repurchase plan.   In the fourth quarter of 2014, we exercised our option to extend the maturity date of our revolving credit agreement by one year from November 9, 2017, to November 9, 2018. In December 2014, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. raised our rating to 'A2' and confirmed our outlook as stable.   In July 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a dividend increase of approximately 25 percent from $0.625 per share to $0.78 per share on a quarterly basis.   32 Table of Contents Our debt to capital ratio (capital is defined as debt plus equity) at December 31,  2014 , was  17.3 percent , compared to  18.1 percent  at December 31,  2013 .  As of the date of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we had an 'A+' credit rating with a 'Stable' outlook from Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, an 'A' credit rating with a 'Stable' outlook from Fitch Ratings and an 'A2' credit rating with a 'Stable' outlook from Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.  In addition to our  $2.4 billion  in cash and marketable securities on hand, we have sufficient access to our credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated investment and funding needs. Our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 108 percent funded at December 31, 2014. Our U.S. qualified plan, which represents approximately 56 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 119 percent funded and our United Kingdom (U.K.) plan was 113 percent funded.   We expect to contribute   $175 million  to our global pension plans in  2015 . We anticipate pension and other postretirement benefit cost in 2015 to increase by approximately  $3 million  pre-tax, or  $0.01  per diluted share, when compared to 2014. The increase is due to lower discount rates and unfavorable demographics mostly offset by favorable expected return on asset performance. Refer to application of critical accounting estimates within MD&A and Note  11 , " PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements , for additional information concerning our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.  2015  OUTLOOK Near-Term We currently expect the following positive trends in  2015 : • We expect the North American heavy-duty and medium-duty on-highway markets to increase in 2015 as compared to the market in 2014. • We expect the new ISG engine, which began production in the second quarter of 2014 with our Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. joint venture, to continue to gain market share in China in its first full year of production. • We plan to continue acquiring our partially-owned North American distributors, which will increase our Distribution segment revenues. • Demand in some end markets in India are expected to begin to experience growth during the year. We currently expect the following challenges to our business that may reduce our revenue and earnings potential in  2015 : • Power generation markets are expected to remain weak. • Weak economic growth in Brazil could continue to negatively impact our on-highway and power generation businesses. • We do not anticipate end markets in China to improve. • Demand in certain European markets could remain weak due to continued political and economic uncertainty. • Growth in emerging markets could be negatively impacted if emission regulations are not strictly enforced. • Foreign currency volatility could continue to put pressure on revenue and earnings. • We expect market demand to decline in the oil and gas markets as the result of the lower crude oil prices. • Domestic and international mining markets could continue to deteriorate if commodity prices weaken. Long-Term We believe that, over the longer term, there will be economic improvements in most of our current markets and that our opportunities for long-term profitable growth will continue in the future as the result of the following four macroeconomic trends that will benefit our businesses: • tightening emissions controls across the world; • infrastructure needs in emerging markets; • energy availability and cost issues; and • globalization of industries like ours. 33 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions (except per share amounts)   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent NET SALES   $ 19,221   $ 17,301   $ 17,334   $ 1,920   11  %   $ (33 )   —  % Cost of sales   14,360   13,021   12,918   (1,339 )   (10 )%   (103 )   (1 )% GROSS MARGIN   4,861   4,280   4,416   581   14  %   (136 )   (3 )% OPERATING EXPENSES AND INCOME                           Selling, general and administrative expenses   2,095   1,817   1,808   (278 )   (15 )%   (9 )   —  % Research, development and engineering expenses   754   713   728   (41 )   (6 )%   15   2  % Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   370   361   384   9   2  %   (23 )   (6 )% Other operating income (expense), net   (17 )   (10 )   (10 )   (7 )   70  %   —   —  % OPERATING INCOME   2,365   2,101   2,254   264   13  %   (153 )   (7 )% Interest income   23   27   25   (4 )   (15 )%   2   8  % Interest expense   64   41   32   (23 )   (56 )%   (9 )   (28 )% Other income (expense), net   110   32   24   78   NM   8   33  % INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   2,434   2,119   2,271   315   15  %   (152 )   (7 )% Income tax expense   698   531   533   (167 )   (31 )%   2   —  % CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME   1,736   1,588   1,738   148   9  %   (150 )   (9 )% Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests   85   105   93   20   19  %   (12 )   (13 )% NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC .    $ 1,651   $ 1,483   $ 1,645   $ 168   11  %   $ (162 )   (10 )% Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc.   $ 9.02   $ 7.91   $ 8.67   $ 1.11   14  %   $ (0.76 )   (9 )% _____________________________________________________ "NM" - not meaningful information                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)Percentage Points Percent of sales   2014   2013   2012   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 Gross margin   25.3 %   24.7 %   25.5 %   0.6   (0.8 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses   10.9 %   10.5 %   10.4 %   (0.4 )   (0.1 ) Research, development and engineering expenses   3.9 %   4.1 %   4.2 %   0.2   0.1 2014 vs. 2013   Net Sales Net sales  increase d versus  2013  primarily driven by the following: • Distribution segment sales  increase d by  38 percent  primarily due to the acquisitions of North American distributors. • Engine segment sales  increase d by  9 percent  due to higher demand in the North American on-highway markets. • Components segment sales  increase d by  18 percent  primarily due to higher demand in on-highway markets in North America, Europe and China. The  increase s were partially offset by the following: • Power Generation segment sales  decrease d by  4 percent  mainly due to lower volumes within power products, alternators and power systems. • Foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales by approximately  1 percent  (primarily in Brazil and India). Sales to international markets (excluding the U.S. and Canada), based on location of customers, were  44 percent  of total net sales in  2014 , compared with  48 percent  of total net sales in  2013 . A more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the “OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS” section. 34 Table of Contents Gross Margin Gross margin  increased  by  $581 million  and as a percentage of sales by  0.6 percentage points  as higher volumes, improved Distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned North American distributors since  December 31, 2012 , lower material and commodity costs and favorable mix, were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in Australia, Europe and Canada). The provision for warranties issued, excluding campaigns, as a percentage of sales was  2.0 percent  in  2014  and  2.1 percent  in  2013 . A more detailed discussion of margin by segment is presented in the "OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS" section. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses  increased  primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses of $118 million and increased consulting fees of $28 million. These increases were significantly impacted by the acquisition of our partially owned North American distributors since December 31, 2012. Compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. Overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales,  increased  to  10.9 percent  in  2014  from  10.5 percent  in  2013 . Research, Development and Engineering Expenses Research, development and engineering expenses  increased  primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses of $44 million, partially offset by decreased consulting expenses of $7 million and increased expense recovery of $7 million. Compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. Overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales,  decreased  to  3.9 percent  in  2014  from  4.1 percent  in  2013 . Research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance. Equity, Royalty and Interest Income From Investees Equity, royalty and interest income from investees  increase d primarily due to the following: In millions 2014 vs. 2013 Increase/(Decrease) Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Light-duty) $ 11 Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. 4 Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. 4 Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (7 ) Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Heavy-duty) (9 ) North American distributors (22 ) All other 24 Cummins share of net income 5 Royalty and interest income 4 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees $ 9 The  increase s above were primarily due to increased earnings at  Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Light-duty) ,  Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda.  and  Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. , partially offset by the consolidation of the partially-owned North American distributors since December 31, 2012 and losses at  Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Heavy-duty)  as the result of increased expenses related to the production launch of the 2014 product in the second quarter of 2014. As we execute our plan to acquire partially-owned distributors, we expect equity earnings for our North American distributors to decrease as the earnings will be included in our consolidated results. See Note  2 , “ ACQUISITIONS ,” to the  Consolidated Financial Statements  for further information. 35 Table of Contents Other Operating Income (Expense), Net Other operating income (expense), net was as follows:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013 Loss on write off of assets   $ (23 )   $ (14 ) Amortization of intangible assets   (16 )   (11 ) Royalty expense   (7 )   (4 ) Legal matters   (3 )   (2 ) Royalty income   34   20 Other, net   (2 )   1 Total other operating income (expense), net   $ (17 )   $ (10 ) Interest Income Interest income  decreased  in  2014 , primarily due to an interest income recovery of a loan previously deemed unrecoverable in the second quarter of  2013 .  Interest Expense Interest expense  increased  as a result of the $1 billion debt issuance in September 2013. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net was as follows:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013 Gain on fair value adjustment for consolidated investee  (1)   $ 73   $ 12 Change in cash surrender value of corporate owned life insurance   24   12 Gain on marketable securities, net   14   13 Dividend income   3   5 Foreign currency loss, net   (6 )   (27 ) Bank charges   (12 )   (10 ) Other, net   14   27 Total other income (expense), net   $ 110   $ 32          ____________________________________________________________           (1)  See Note  2 , “ ACQUISITIONS ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements  for more details. Income Tax Expense Our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent U.S. statutory income tax rate primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. Our effective tax rate for 2014 was  28.7 percent  compared to  25.1 percent  for  2013 . The  3.6 percent  increase in the effective tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is partially due to a  1.2 percent  net tax benefit for one-time items in 2013 that did not repeat in 2014. These 2013 one-time items consisted primarily of the 2012 federal research tax credit that was reinstated during 2013. The additional  2.4 percent  increase in tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is attributable primarily to the following unfavorable items that occurred in 2014: a tax law change in the U.K. resulting in a higher limitation on the deductibility of interest; unfavorable changes in the jurisdictional mix of pretax income; and increases in state valuation allowances.   We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2014, we recorded net deferred tax assets of  $184 million . These assets included  $190 million  for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance of  $144 million  was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. In the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets. 36 Table of Contents We expect our 2015 effective tax rate to be  29.5 percent , excluding any discrete items that may arise. The research tax credit expired December 31, 2014, and has not yet been renewed by Congress. If the research credit is reinstated during 2015, we would anticipate the 2015 effective tax rate to be reduced to 28.5 percent, consistent with the 2014 rate of  28.7 percent . Noncontrolling Interests Noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-Cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries  decrease d primarily due to a $23 million decline from the acquisition of the remaining interest in previously consolidated North American distributors since  December 31, 2012 . Net Income Attributable to Cummins Inc. and Diluted Earnings Per Share Attributable to Cummins Inc. Net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to Cummins Inc.  increase d primarily due to higher gross margin, mainly driven by improved volumes and improved Distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned North American distributors since December 31, 2012. These  increase s were partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and a higher effective tax rate of 28.7 percent in 2014 versus 25.1 percent in 2013.  Diluted earnings per share for 2014 benefited $0.16 from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program. 2013 vs. 2012   Net Sales Net sales decreased slightly versus 2012 and was primarily driven by the following: • Engine segment sales decreased by 7 percent due to lower demand in the power generation markets, weaker demand in the North American heavy-duty truck markets and continued weakness in industrial demand, primarily in off-high-way mining markets. • Power Generation segment sales decreased by 7 percent due to lower demand in the power solutions business, primarily in the U.K., and lower demand in the power systems and the alternators businesses in international markets, partially offset by improvements in the North American power product business. • Foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales by 1 percent. The decreases were partially offset by the following: • Distribution segment sales increased by 14 percent primarily due to incremental sales in 2013 related to the consolidation of partially-owned North American distributors since June 2012. • Components segment sales increased by 8 percent due to higher sales within the emission solutions business, mainly related to improved on-highway OEM and aftermarket demand in North America, a full year of sales from Hilite which was acquired in the third quarter of 2012, 2013 pre-buy activity in anticipation of the Euro VI emission standards and growth in the medium-duty Brazilian truck market resulting in improved aftertreatment demand.  A more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS" section. Sales to international markets (excluding the U.S. and Canada) were 48 percent of total net sales in 2013, compared with 49 percent of total net sales in 2012. Gross Margin Gross margin decreased by $125 million and as a percentage of sales by 0.7 percentage points. The decrease in gross margin as a percentage of sales was primarily due to a decline in demand for high-horsepower engines and gensets, partially offset by improved price realization, lower material and commodity costs and the absence of 2012 restructuring charges of $29 million. The provision for warranties issued, excluding campaigns, as a percentage of sales was 2.1 percent in both 2013 and 2012. A more detailed discussion of margin by segment is presented in the "OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS" section. 37 Table of Contents Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to incremental costs in 2013 related to the acquisition of partially owned North American distributors since June 2012. These costs primarily contributed to increased compensation and related expenses of $57 million, partially offset by lower consulting of $24 million, the absence of 2012 restructuring charges of $20 million and reduced discretionary spending. Higher compensation expense was primarily due to increased headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives. Compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. Overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 11.1 percent in 2013 from 11.0 percent in 2012. Research, Development and Engineering Expenses Research, development and engineering expenses decreased primarily due to lower consulting of $30 million and decreased engineering program spending of $23 million, partially offset by increases of $52 million in compensation related expenses. Higher compensation expense was primarily due to increased headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives. Compensation and related expenses include salaries and fringe benefits. Overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 4.1 percent in 2013 from 4.2 percent in 2012. Equity, Royalty and Interest Income From Investees Equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased primarily due to the following: In millions 2013 vs. 2012 Increase/(Decrease) North American distributors $ (18 ) Cummins Westport, Inc. (10 ) Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Heavy-duty) (8 ) Tata Cummins, Ltd. (6 ) Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. 11 Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Light-duty) 12 All other (3 ) Cummins share of net income (22 ) Royalty and interest income (1 ) Equity, royalty and interest income from investees $ (23 ) The decreases above were primarily due to the consolidation of the partially-owned North American distributors acquired in 2013, unfavorable warranty accruals at Cummins Westport, Inc., an impaired equity investment within Power Generation and additional start-up costs at Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Heavy-duty), partially offset by increased demand at Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd (Light-duty) and Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. Other Operating Income (Expense), Net Other operating income (expense), net was as follows:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2013   2012 Loss on write off of assets   $ (14 )   $ (6 ) Amortization of intangible assets   (11 )   (8 ) Royalty expense   (4 )   (3 ) Legal matters   (2 )   (20 ) Royalty income   20   18 Gain on sale of business   —   6 Other, net   1   3 Total other operating income (expense), net   $ (10 )   $ (10 ) Interest Income Interest income was relatively flat compared to 2012.  38 Table of Contents Interest Expense Interest expense increased primarily due to the $1 billion debt issuance in September 2013. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net was as follows:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2013   2012 Gain on marketable securities, net   $ 13   $ 3 Gain on fair value adjustment for consolidated investee  (1)   12   7 Change in cash surrender value of corporate owned life insurance   12   5 Dividend income   5   7 Gain on sale of equity investment   —   13 Bank charges   (10 )   (15 ) Foreign currency loss, net   (27 )   (14 ) Other, net   27   18 Total other income (expense), net   $ 32   $ 24          ____________________________________________________________     (1)   See Note 2, “ACQUISITIONS," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements  for more details. Income Tax Expense Our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent U.S. statutory income tax rate primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. Our effective tax rate for 2013 was 25.1 percent compared to 23.5 percent for 2012. As a result of a restructuring of our foreign operations in 2013, our 2013 effective tax rate was approximately 1 percent less than it would have been without restructuring. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law and reinstated the research tax credit back to 2012. As tax law changes are accounted for in the period of enactment, we recognized a $28 million discrete tax benefit in the first quarter of 2013. We also recognized a discrete tax expense of $17 million in the first quarter which primarily related to the write-off of a deferred tax asset deemed unrecoverable. Also included in 2013 was a third quarter discrete net tax expense of $7 million primarily related to U.S. federal tax return true-up adjustments and the third quarter enactment of U.K tax law changes. Additionally, our effective tax rate for 2013 also included a fourth quarter discrete net tax benefit of $21 million primarily due to the release of U.S. deferred tax liabilities related to prior years unremitted income of certain Indian and Mexican subsidiaries now considered to be permanently reinvested, as well as adjustments to our income tax accounts principally based on our 2012 state tax return filings. Our 2012 income tax provision included a one-time $134 million tax benefit which resulted from tax planning strategies and tax return elections made with respect to our U.K. operations.  We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2013, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $177 million. These assets included $187 million for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance of $101 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. In the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets. Noncontrolling Interests Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries increased reflecting our minority's share of higher profits of $7 million at Cummins Western Canada LP, $6 million at Wuxi Cummins Turbo Technologies Co. Ltd. and $4 million due to the acquisition of a majority interest in Cummins Central Power LLC (Central Power) in the third quarter of 2012. The increases were partially offset by a total decrease of $8 million at Cummins India Ltd. 39 Table of Contents Net Income Attributable to Cummins Inc. and Diluted Earnings Per Share Attributable to Cummins Inc. Net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to Cummins Inc. decreased primarily due to lower gross margin as a percentage of sales, mainly driven by unfavorable product mix and lower volumes, particularly in the Engine segment and Power Generation segment, a higher effective tax rate of 25.1 percent versus 23.5 percent in 2012, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees, mainly due to the acquisition of the North American distributors, and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. These decreases were partially offset by lower research, development and engineering expenses. Diluted earnings per share for 2013 benefited $0.06 from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program. OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS Our reportable operating segments, which consist of the Engine, Distribution, Components and Power Generation segments, use segment EBIT (defined as earnings before interest expense, taxes and noncontrolling interests) as a primary basis for the chief operating decision-maker to evaluate the performance of each of our operating segments. Segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. The accounting policies of our operating segments are the same as those applied in our  Consolidated Financial Statements . We prepared the financial results of our operating segments on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which we internally disaggregate financial information to assist in making internal operating decisions. We have allocated certain common costs and expenses, primarily corporate functions, among segments differently than we would for stand-alone financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). These include certain costs and expenses of shared services, such as information technology, human resources, legal and finance. We also do not allocate debt-related items, actuarial gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, changes in cash surrender value of corporate owned life insurance or income taxes to individual segments. Segment EBIT may not be consistent with measures used by other companies. Following is a discussion of operating results for each of our business segments. Engine Segment Results Financial data for the Engine segment was as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent External sales   $ 8,437   $ 8,270   $ 9,101   $ 167   2  %   $ (831 )   (9 )% Intersegment sales   2,525   1,743   1,632   782   45  %   111   7  % Total sales   10,962   10,013   10,733   949   9  %   (720 )   (7 )% Depreciation and amortization   207   205   192   (2 )   (1 )%   (13 )   (7 )% Research, development and engineering expenses   438   416   433   (22 )   (5 )%   17   4  % Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   147   136   127   11   8  %   9   7  % Interest income   12   16   11   (4 )   (25 )%   5   45  % Segment EBIT   1,225   1,041   1,248   184   18  %   (207 )   (17 )%                                               Percentage Points   Percentage Points Segment EBIT as a percentage of total sales   11.2 %   10.4 %   11.6 %       0.8       (1.2 ) 40 Table of Contents Engine segment sales by market were as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent Heavy-duty truck   $ 3,139   $ 2,705   $ 2,964   $ 434   16  %   $ (259 )   (9 )% Medium-duty truck and bus   2,530   2,185   2,091   345   16  %   94   4  % Light-duty automotive and RV   1,436   1,300   1,279   136   10  %   21   2  % Total on-highway   7,105   6,190   6,334   915   15  %   (144 )   (2 )% Industrial   3,040   2,996   3,233   44   1  %   (237 )   (7 )% Stationary power   817   827   1,166   (10 )   (1 )%   (339 )   (29 )% Total sales   $ 10,962 $ 10,013   $ 10,733   $ 949   9  %   $ (720 )   (7 )% Unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to Power Generation) were as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012     2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent Midrange   471,200   446,000   440,500   25,200   6 %   5,500   1  % Heavy-duty   122,100   105,400   119,100   16,700   16 %   (13,700 )   (12 )% High-horsepower   14,800   14,800   19,800   —   — %   (5,000 )   (25 )% Total unit shipments   608,100 566,200 579,400   41,900   7 %   (13,200 )   (2 )% 2014 vs. 2013   Sales Engine segment sales  increase d versus  2013 . The following are the primary drivers by market: • Heavy-duty truck engine sales  increase d due to improved demand in the North American heavy-duty truck market with higher engine shipments of 29 percent. • Medium-duty truck and bus sales  increase d primarily due to market share gains in the North American medium-duty truck and bus markets, partially offset by weaker international demand. • Light-duty automotive and RV sales  increase d primarily due to a 9 percent increase in units shipped to Chrysler.  The increases above were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in Brazil and India). Total on-highway-related sales for  2014  were  65 percent  of total engine segment sales, compared to  62 percent  in  2013 . Segment EBIT Engine segment EBIT  increase d versus  2013 , primarily due to higher gross margin and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses. Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows:     Year ended December 31, 2014 vs. 2013     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ 274   13  %   0.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses   (67 )   (8 )%   0.1 Research, development and engineering expenses   (22 )   (5 )%   0.2 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   11   8  %   (0.1 ) 41 Table of Contents The  increase  in gross margin versus  2013  was primarily due to higher volumes, favorable mix, decreased material and commodity costs and improved pricing. The  increase  in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased headcount and higher variable compensation expense. The  increase  in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower expense recovery, increased consulting, increased variable compensation and increased investment to support new product initiatives. The  increase  in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Light-duty).  2013 vs. 2012   Sales Engine segment sales decreased versus 2012 due to lower demand in stationary power, heavy-duty truck and industrial businesses, partially offset by the medium-duty truck business. The following are the primary drivers by market: • Stationary power engine sales decreased due to lower demand in power generation markets. • Heavy-duty truck engine sales decreased due to weaker demand in North American on-highway markets during the first half of the year compared to the recovery experienced in the first half of 2012 as trucking companies replaced aging fleets. • Industrial market sales decreased primarily due to a 36 percent reduction in global mining shipments as a result of lower commodity prices and a 37 percent decline in engine shipments to North American oil and gas markets, partially offset by increased shipments to the Western European construction markets as a result of the pre-buy activity in 2013 ahead of the Tier IV emission regulations beginning in the first quarter of 2014. • Foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales. The decreases above were partially offset by the following: • Medium-duty truck engine sales increased due to market share gains in the North American medium-duty truck market and improved demand in the Brazilian and European truck markets. The improved sales in Brazil were primarily due to lower sales in the first half of 2012 as the result of the implementation of the Euro V emission regulations beginning in the first quarter of 2012.  Total on-highway-related sales for 2013 were 62 percent of total engine segment sales, compared to 59 percent in 2012. Segment EBIT Engine segment EBIT decreased versus 2012, primarily due to lower gross margin, partially offset by lower research, development and engineering expenses and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. Engine segment EBIT for 2012 included restructuring and other charges of $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows:     Year ended December 31, 2013 vs. 2012     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ (237 )   (10 )%   (0.7 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses   1   —  %   (0.5 ) Research, development and engineering expenses   17   4  %   (0.2 ) Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   9   7  %   0.2 The decrease in gross margin versus 2012 was primarily due to unfavorable product mix and lower high-horsepower volumes, partially offset by improved price realization, decreased material and commodity costs and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower discretionary spending and the absence of restructuring charges incurred in 2012, partially offset by increased headcount. The decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower discretionary spending in 2013, partially offset by increases in new product development spending and increased headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives. The increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. within the light-duty business and Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd., partially offset by lower earnings at Beijing Foton Engine Company, Ltd. (Heavy-duty) in anticipation of production in the second quarter of 2014.   42 Table of Contents Distribution Segment Results Financial data for the Distribution segment was as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent External sales   $ 5,135   $ 3,726   $ 3,261   $ 1,409   38  %   $ 465   14  % Intersegment sales   39   23   16   16   70  %   7   44  % Total sales   5,174 3,749 3,277   1,425   38  %   472   14  % Depreciation and amortization   86   54   34   (32 )   (59 )%   (20 )   (59 )% Research, development and engineering expenses   9   6   6   (3 )   (50 )%   —   —  % Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   148   165   188   (17 )   (10 )%   (23 )   (12 )% Interest income   4   2   2   2   100  %   —   —  % Segment EBIT  (1)   491   388   369   103   27  %   19   5  %                                               Percentage Points   Percentage Points Segment EBIT as a percentage of total sales  (2)   9.5 %   10.3 %   11.3 %       (0.8 )       (1.0 ) _______________________________________________________________________________ (1)   Segment EBIT for 2014 and 2013 included gains of  $73 million  and  $12 million , respectively, resulting from acquisitions of controlling interests in North American distributors. See Note  2 , " ACQUISITIONS ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements  for further information. (2)   North American distributor acquisitions will increase Distribution segment EBIT, however the acquisitions will be dilutive to EBIT as a percentage of sales. Sales for our Distribution segment by region were as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent North & Central America   $ 2,765   $ 1,470   $ 901   $ 1,295   88  %   $ 569   63  % Europe, CIS and China   908   862   890   46   5  %   (28 )   (3 )% Asia Pacific   794   758   820   36   5  %   (62 )   (8 )% Middle East   208   198   193   10   5  %   5   3  % Africa   187   142   154   45   32  %   (12 )   (8 )% India   157   170   181   (13 )   (8 )%   (11 )   (6 )% South America   155   149   138   6   4  %   11   8  % Total sales   $ 5,174   $ 3,749   $ 3,277   $ 1,425   38  %   $ 472   14  % Sales for our Distribution segment by product were as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent Parts and filtration   $ 1,924   $ 1,465   $ 1,235   $ 459   31 %   $ 230   19 % Power generation   1,163   931   807   232   25 %   124   15 % Engines   1,061   713   665   348   49 %   48   7 % Service   1,026   640   570   386   60 %   70   12 % Total sales   $ 5,174 $ 3,749 $ 3,277   $ 1,425   38 %   $ 472   14 % 43 Table of Contents 2014 vs. 2013   Sales Distribution segment sales  increase d versus  2013  primarily due to $1.2 billion of segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned North American distributors since  December 31, 2012,  $290 million of organic sales growth primarily in North America, Asia Pacific, Africa, Europe and the Middle East and $56 million of segment sales related to the acquisition of international distributors. These increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations and decreased demand in India. Segment EBIT Distribution segment EBIT  increase d versus  2013 , primarily due to the acquisitions of North American distributors, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in Australia and Canada), higher selling, general and administrative expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. The acquisitions resulted in gains of  $73 million  and  $12 million  for  2014  and  2013 , respectively, related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interests in accordance with GAAP, which were partially offset by $36 million and $14 million of amortization of intangible assets in  2014  and  2013 , respectively, for acquisitions since December 31, 2012. The  decrease  in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisition of North American distributors since  December 31, 2012 . Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows:     Year ended December 31, 2014 vs. 2013     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change  as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ 208   31  %   (0.9 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses   (144 )   (32 )%   0.6 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   (17 )   (10 )%   (1.5 ) 2013 vs. 2012   Sales Distribution segment sales increased versus 2012 primarily due to $507 million of incremental sales in 2013 related to the acquisition of partially-owned North American distributors since June 2012. These increases were partially offset by decreased engine product sales, primarily due to a significant slowdown in the North American oil and gas markets, and by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding acquisition related sales, all other changes were relatively flat versus 2012. Segment EBIT Distribution segment EBIT increased versus 2012, primarily due to higher gross margin as a result of the acquisition and consolidation of partially owned North American distributors in 2013. This increase was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, higher selling, general and administrative expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees as a result of the acquisitions. Amortization of intangible assets related to these acquisitions also negatively impacted EBIT for 2013. These acquisitions resulted in a $12 million gain related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interest in 2013, compared to a $7 million gain related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing 35 percent ownership in Central Power in 2012. Distribution segment EBIT also included restructuring and other charges of $14 million in 2012. Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows:     Year ended December 31, 2013 vs. 2012     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change  as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ 75   13  %   (0.3 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses   (30 )   (7 )%   0.8 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   (23 )   (12 )%   (1.3 ) 44 Table of Contents Components Segment Results Financial data for the Components segment was as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent External sales   $ 3,791   $ 3,151   $ 2,809   $ 640   20  %   $ 342   12  % Intersegment sales   1,327   1,191   1,203   136   11  %   (12 )   (1 )% Total sales   5,118   4,342   4,012   776   18  %   330   8  % Depreciation and amortization   106   96   82   (10 )   (10 )%   (14 )   (17 )% Research, development and engineering expenses   230   218   213   (12 )   (6 )%   (5 )   (2 )% Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   36   28   29   8   29  %   (1 )   (3 )% Interest income   4   3   3   1   33  %   —   —  % Segment EBIT   684   527   426   157   30  %   101   24  %                                               Percentage Points   Percentage Points Segment EBIT as a percentage of total sales   13.4 %   12.1 %   10.6 %       1.3       1.5 Sales for our Components segment by business were as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent Emission solutions   $ 2,343   $ 1,791   $ 1,415   $ 552   31 %   $ 376   27  % Turbo technologies   1,222   1,115   1,106   107   10 %   9   1  % Filtration   1,075   1,028   1,048   47   5 %   (20 )   (2 )% Fuel systems   478   408   443   70   17 %   (35 )   (8 )% Total sales   $ 5,118 $ 4,342 $ 4,012   $ 776   18 %   $ 330   8  % 2014 vs. 2013   Sales Components segment sales  increase d versus  2013  in all lines of business and across most markets. The following were the primary drivers by business: • Emission solutions business sales  increase d primarily due to improved demand in the North American on-highway markets and increased demand for our products in Europe and China to meet new emission requirements. The increases were partially offset by lower demand in Brazil. • Turbo technologies business sales  increase d as a result of improved on-highway demand in North America and Europe, partially offset by lower demand in Brazil. • Fuel systems business sales  increase d due to improved demand in the North American on-highway markets, the new Beijing Foton ISG engine that went into production during the second quarter of  2014  in China and increased aftermarket demand. The increases above were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations primarily in Brazil and South Africa, partially offset by Europe. Segment EBIT Components segment EBIT  increase d versus  2013 , primarily due to higher gross margin and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses. Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows: 45 Table of Contents     Year ended December 31, 2014 vs. 2013     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ 191   19  %   0.3 Selling, general and administrative expenses   (51 )   (19 )%   — Research, development and engineering expenses   (12 )   (6 )%   0.5 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   8   29  %   0.1 The  increase  in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, mainly in the emission solutions business and lower material and commodity costs, partially offset by unfavorable pricing and unfavorable foreign currency adjustments (primarily in Europe). The  increase  in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support business growth. The  increase  in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives, partially offset by increased expense recovery. 2013 vs. 2012   Sales Components segment sales increased versus 2012 primarily due to increased sales within the emission solutions business, mainly related to the following: • Improved on-highway OEM and aftermarket demand in North America. • The impact of our 2012 acquisition of Hilite experienced in Western Europe, which resulted in $77 million of related incremental sales in 2013 compared to 2012. • Western European pre-buy activity in anticipation of the Euro VI emission standards beginning in the first quarter of 2014. • Growth in the medium-duty Brazilian truck market which resulted in improved aftertreatment demand. The increases above were partially offset by the following:  • Foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales results. • Fuel systems business sales decreased primarily due to lower demand in North American on-highway markets and lower demand in Europe, partially offset by increased aftermarket demand. Segment EBIT Components segment EBIT increased versus 2012, primarily due to higher gross margin. Components segment EBIT for 2012 included restructuring and other charges of $6 million in the fourth quarter. Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows:     Year ended December 31, 2013 vs. 2012     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ 112   13  %   0.9 Selling, general and administrative expenses   7   3  %   0.7 Research, development and engineering expenses   (5 )   (2 )%   0.3 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   (1 )   (3 )%   (0.1 ) The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes in the emission solutions business and lower material and commodity costs in several businesses, partially offset by increased warranty costs and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower discretionary spending in 2013, partially offset by increased compensation and variable compensation expense. The increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives and new product development spending, partially offset by lower consulting expenses. 46 Table of Contents Power Generation Segment Results Financial data for the Power Generation segment was as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent External sales   $ 1,858   $ 2,154   $ 2,163   $ (296 )   (14 )%   $ (9 )   —  % Intersegment sales   1,038   877   1,105   161   18  %   (228 )   (21 )% Total sales   2,896 3,031 3,268   (135 )   (4 )%   (237 )   (7 )% Depreciation and amortization   53   50   47   (3 )   (6 )%   (3 )   (6 )% Research, development and engineering expenses   77   73   76   (4 )   (5 )%   3   4  % Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   39   32   40   7   22  %   (8 )   (20 )% Interest income   3   6   9   (3 )   (50 )%   (3 )   (33 )% Segment EBIT   168   218   285   (50 )   (23 )%   (67 )   (24 )%                                               Percentage Points   Percentage Points Segment EBIT as a percentage of total sales   5.8 %   7.2 %   8.7 %       (1.4 )       (1.5 ) Sales for our Power Generation segment by business were as follows:                 Favorable/(Unfavorable)     Years ended December 31,   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 In millions   2014   2013   2012   Amount   Percent   Amount   Percent Power products   $ 1,669   $ 1,725   $ 1,654   $ (56 )   (3 )%   $ 71   4  % Power systems   631   656   757   (25 )   (4 )%   (101 )   (13 )% Alternators   449   496   566   (47 )   (9 )%   (70 )   (12 )% Power solutions   147   154   291   (7 )   (5 )%   (137 )   (47 )% Total sales   $ 2,896   $ 3,031   $ 3,268   $ (135 )   (4 )%   $ (237 )   (7 )% 2014 vs. 2013   Sales Power Generation segment sales  decrease d in all lines of business and across most markets versus  2013 , primarily due to lower industrial activity. The following are the primary drivers by business: • Power products sales  decrease d primarily due to lower demand in North America driven by declining military sales and lower demand in India, Mexico and Russia, partially offset by increases in China, Africa and Western Europe. • Alternators sales  decrease d due to lower demand in Western Europe, India and Asia, partially offset by increased demand in the U.K. and China. • Power systems sales  decrease d primarily due to reduced demand in North America and Western Europe, partially offset by higher demand in Latin America and Brazil. • Foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales (primarily in India and Brazil). Operating Actions Power Generation took multiple actions in the fourth quarter of 2014 to reduce its future cost structure.  Costs associated with these actions were $32 million and are primarily related to the closure of a plant in Germany. We also initiated other targeted actions throughout the business including various headcount reductions to better align capacity with the current levels of demand. These actions resulted in a Power Generation headcount reduction of approximately 250 employees and unfavorable impacts to gross margin of $22 million, selling, general and administrative expense of $6 million and research and development expenses of $4 million. The majority of these costs were accrued as of  December 31, 2014 , and will be paid in 2015. 47 Table of Contents Segment EBIT Power Generation segment EBIT  decrease d versus  2013 , primarily due to lower gross margin, higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses, partially offset by higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows:     Year ended December 31, 2014 vs. 2013     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ (32 )   (6 )%   (0.2 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses   (16 )   (5 )%   (1.0 ) Research, development and engineering expenses   (4 )   (5 )%   (0.3 ) Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   7   22  %   0.2 The  decrease  in gross margin versus  2013  was primarily due to lower volume, operating actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2014 and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in Europe), partially offset by higher warranty costs and favorable mix. The  increase  in selling, general and administrative expenses and research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to operating actions taken in the fourth quarter of  2014  and  higher compensation expenses . The favorable  increase  in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was due to an $8 million impairment charge of an equity method investment in 2013.  2013 vs. 2012   Sales Power Generation segment sales decreased versus 2012, primarily due to lower demand in the power solutions and power systems businesses. The following are the primary drivers by business: • Power solutions sales decreased primarily due to lower volumes in the U.K., partially offset by increased sales in Asia. • Power systems sales decreased primarily due to reduced demand in India, the Middle East, China, Asia and Russia, partially offset by increased sales in Western Europe. • Alternators sales decreased primarily due to demand reductions in Europe, the U.K. and India.  The decreases above were partially offset by power products as sales increased primarily due to higher volumes in North America and improved price realization. These increases were partially offset by demand reductions in India and Asia and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. Segment EBIT Power Generation segment EBIT decreased versus 2012, primarily due to lower gross margin, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses. Power Generation segment EBIT for 2013 included an $8 million legal settlement and an $8 million impairment charge for the write-off of an equity method investment, while segment EBIT for 2012 included restructuring and other charges of $12 million. Major components of EBIT and related changes to segment EBIT and EBIT as a percentage of sales were as follows:     Year ended December 31, 2013 vs. 2012     Favorable/(Unfavorable) Change In millions   Amount   Percent   Percentage point change as a percent of sales Gross margin   $ (70 )   (11 )%   (0.9 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses   14   4  %   (0.3 ) Research, development and engineering expenses   3   4  %   (0.1 ) Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   (8 )   (20 )%   (0.1 ) 48 Table of Contents The decrease in gross margin versus 2012 was due to lower volumes, partially offset by improved price realization and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. The decreases in selling, general and administrative expenses and research, development and engineering expenses were primarily due to the absence of restructuring charges incurred in the fourth quarter of 2013 and lower discretionary spending to align with slowing demand in key markets. The decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was due to an $8 million impairment charge of an equity method investment in 2013.  Reconciliation of Segment EBIT to Income Before Income Taxes The table below reconciles the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the  Consolidated Statements of Income.      Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Total segment EBIT   $ 2,568   $ 2,174   $ 2,328 Non-segment EBIT  (1)   (70 )   (14 )   (25 ) Total EBIT   2,498 2,160 2,303 Less: Interest expense   64   41   32 Income before income taxes   $ 2,434   $ 2,119   $ 2,271 _______________________________________________ (1)   Includes intersegment sales and profit in inventory eliminations and unallocated corporate expenses. The year ended December 31, 2012, included a $20 million charge ($12 million after-tax) related to legal matters. The gains and losses have been excluded from segment results as they were not considered in our evaluation of operating results for the year ended December 31, 2012. 49 Table of Contents LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Management's Assessment of Liquidity Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. We generate significant ongoing cash flow, which has been used, in part, to fund repurchases of common stock, capital expenditures, dividends on our common stock and acquisitions. Cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity. As of  December 31, 2014 , other sources of liquidity included: • cash and cash equivalents of  $2.3 billion , of which approximately  41 percent  was located in the U.S. and  59 percent  was located outside the U.S., primarily in the U.K., China, Singapore and Belgium, • revolving credit facility with  $1.73 billion  available, net of letters of credit, • international and other domestic short-term credit facilities with  $261 million  available and • marketable securities of  $93 million , of which  65 percent  is located in India,  29 percent  is located in the U.S., and  6 percent  is located in Brazil and the majority of which could be liquidated into cash within a few days. Our revolving credit agreement provides us with a  $1.75 billion  unsecured revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which are to be used for our general corporate purposes.  In the fourth quarter of 2014, we exercised our option to extend the maturity date of our revolving credit agreement by one year from November 9, 2017, to November 9, 2018.  See Note  9 , " DEBT ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements  for further information. The credit agreement includes one financial covenant: a leverage ratio. The required leverage ratio, which measures the sum of total debt plus securitization financing to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for the four fiscal quarters may not exceed 3.25 to 1.0. At  December 31, 2014 , our leverage ratio was 0.6 to 1.0. We have a current shelf registration filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under which we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.  We believe our liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, acquisitions of our North American distributors, projected pension obligations and debt service obligations. We continue to generate cash from operations in the U.S. and maintain access to  $1.7 billion  of our revolver as noted above.  A significant portion of our cash flow is generated outside the U.S. As of  December 31, 2014 , the total of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries was  $1.4 billion , the vast majority of which was located in the U.K., China, Singapore, Belgium and India.  The geographic location of our cash and marketable securities aligns well with our business growth strategy. We manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. As a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our targeted expansion or operating needs with local resources.   If we distribute our foreign cash balances to the U.S. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes. For example, we would be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we have asserted are permanently reinvested outside of the U.S. Foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the U.S. consist primarily of earnings of our China and U.K. domiciled subsidiaries. At present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings from these subsidiaries for which we have asserted permanent reinvestment. However, to help fund cash needs of the U.S. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so. Earnings generated after 2011 from our China operations are considered permanently reinvested, while earnings generated prior to 2012, for which U.S. deferred tax liabilities have been recorded, are expected to be repatriated in future years . The maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows in the intermediate term.   Required annual principal payments range from  $11 million  to  $28 million  over each of the next five years. 50 Table of Contents Working Capital Summary We fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings when necessary. Various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. As a result, working capital is a prime focus of management attention.             Change 2014 vs. 2013 In millions   2014   2013   Amount   Percent Cash and cash equivalents    $ 2,301   $ 2,699   $ (398 )   (15 )% Marketable securities   93   150   (57 )   (38 )% Accounts and notes receivable, net   2,946   2,649   297   11  % Inventories   2,866   2,381   485   20  % Prepaid expenses and other current assets   849   760   89   12  % Current assets   9,055   8,639   416   5  %                   Current maturity of long-term debt, accounts and loans payable   1,990   1,625   365   22  % Current portion of accrued product warranty   363   360   3   1  % Accrued compensation, benefits and retirement costs    508   433   75   17  % Taxes payable (including taxes on income)    70   99   (29 )   (29 )% Other accrued expenses    1,090   851   239   28  % Current liabilities    4,021   3,368   653   19  %                   Working capital   $ 5,034   $ 5,271                           Current ratio   2.25   2.57         Days’ sales in receivables   53   54         Inventory turnover   5.3   5.4         Current assets  increase d  5 percent  compared to  2013 , primarily due to increases in inventories and accounts and notes receivable principally due to the acquisitions of North American distributors in  2014 . The  increase s were partially offset by a decrease in cash and marketable securities, primarily due to lower proceeds from borrowings and  $670 million  of share repurchases in  2014 . Current liabilities  increase d  19 percent  compared to  2013 , primarily due to an increase in trade accounts payable and an increase in other accrued expenses. Inventory turnover  decrease d  0.1 turns  compared to  2013 . The  decrease  was primarily due to higher inventory balances related to the consolidation of six North American distributors in  2014 , which added $379 million of inventory at  December 31, 2014 .  Cash Flows Cash and cash equivalents  decrease d  $398 million  during  2014 , compared to an  increase  of  $1,330 million  during the comparable period in  2013 . The changes impacting cash and cash equivalents were as follows: 51 Table of Contents Operating Activities     Years ended December 31,   Change In millions   2014   2013   2012   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 Consolidated net income    $ 1,736   $ 1,588   $ 1,738   $ 148   $ (150 ) Depreciation and amortization   455   407   361   48   46 Gain on fair value adjustment for consolidated investees   (73 )   (12 )   (7 )   (61 )   (5 ) Deferred income taxes   31   100   116   (69 )   (16 ) Equity in income of investees, net of dividends   (100 )   (62 )   (15 )   (38 )   (47 ) Pension contributions in excess of expense   (148 )   (82 )   (68 )   (66 )   (14 ) Other post-retirement benefits payments in excess of expense   (27 )   (25 )   (21 )   (2 )   (4 ) Stock-based compensation expense   36   37   36   (1 )   1 Translation and hedging activities   (13 )   17   —   (30 )   17 Changes in current assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions                 Accounts and notes receivable   (89 )   (148 )   87   59   (235 ) Inventories   (256 )   (46 )   (32 )   (210 )   (14 ) Other current assets   1   212   (60 )   (211 )   272 Accounts payable   244   163   (256 )   81   419 Accrued expenses   168   (246 )   (514 )   414   268 Changes in other liabilities and deferred revenue   282   211   214   71   (3 ) Other, net   19   (25 )   (47 )   44   22 Net cash provided by operating activites   $ 2,266   $ 2,089   $ 1,532   $ 177   $ 557 2014  vs.  2013 Net cash  provided by  operating activities  increase d versus  2013  primarily due to higher consolidated net income and favorable working capital fluctuations, partially offset by unfavorable deferred income taxes and higher pension contributions in excess of expense. During  2014 , the  lower  working capital resulted in a cash  inflow  of  $68 million  compared to a cash  outflow  of  $65 million  in  2013 . This change of  $133 million  was primarily driven by an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in other current assets and inventories in  2014 , versus the comparable period in  2013 . The increase in accrued expenses was primarily due to higher income taxes payable, while the change in other current assets was largely due to the receipt of an income tax refund in  2013 . Pensions The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans.  In  2014 ,  the investment return on our U.S. pension trust was 13.3 percent while our U.K. pension trust return was 16.8 percent.   Approximately 78 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. The remaining 22 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity and insurance contracts.  We made  $205 million  of pension contributions in  2014 , including  $111 million  of voluntary contributions. Claims and premiums for other postretirement benefits approximated  $45 million , net of reimbursements, in  2014 .  These contributions and payments include transfers from our funds either to increase pension plan assets or to make direct payments to plan participants.  We anticipate making total contributions of  $175 million  to our defined benefit pension plans in  2015 . Expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in  2015  will meet or exceed the current funding requirements. 2013  vs.  2012   Net cash provided by operating activities increased versus 2012 primarily due to favorable working capital fluctuations, partially offset by lower consolidated net income and lower dividends received from equity investees. During 2013, the net increase in working capital resulted in a cash outflow of $65 million compared to a cash outflow of $775 million in 2012. This change of $710 million was primarily driven by an increase in accounts payable due to timing differences, lower net tax payments of $311 million due to the receipt of income tax refunds in 2013, which were partially offset by tax payments, and a smaller decrease in accrued expenses, partially offset by an increase in accounts and notes receivable in 2013 as a result of higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2013 versus 2012. 52 Table of Contents Investing Activities     Years ended December 31,   Change In millions   2014   2013   2012   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 Capital expenditures   $ (743 )   $ (676 )   $ (690 )   $ (67 )   $ 14 Investments in internal use software   (55 )   (64 )   (87 )   9   23 Investments in and advances to equity investees   (60 )   (42 )   (70 )   (18 )   28 Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired   (436 )   (147 )   (215 )   (289 )   68 Investments in marketable securities—acquisitions   (275 )   (418 )   (561 )   143   143 Investments in marketable securities—liquidations   336   525   585   (189 )   (60 ) Purchases of other investments   —   (40 )   —   40   (40 ) Cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges   (14 )   1   12   (15 )   (11 ) Other, net   13   15   44   (2 )   (29 ) Net cash used in investing activities   $ (1,234 )   $ (846 )   $ (982 )   $ (388 )   $ 136 2014  vs.  2013   Net cash used in investing activities  increase d versus  2013  primarily due to higher cash investment for the acquisition of businesses in 2014 and higher capital expenditures, partially offset by reduced purchases of corporate owned life insurance. In  2014 , we spent  $436 million , net of cash acquired, on acquisitions of businesses in the Distribution segment. We plan to spend an additional  $170 million to $210 million  on North American distributor acquisitions and related debt retirements in 2015. Capital expenditures were  $743 million  in  2014  compared to  $676 million  in  2013 .  Despite the challenging international economies, we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. We plan to spend between $750 million and $850 million in 2015 as we continue with product launches, facility improvements and prepare for future emission standards. Approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures are expected to be invested outside of the U.S. in 2015. 2013  vs.  2012   Net cash used in investing activities decreased versus 2012 primarily due to lower net investments in marketable securities, lower cash investments in acquisitions of businesses and lower investments in and advances to equity investees, partially offset by purchases of corporate owned life insurance. Financing Activities     Years ended December 31,   Change In millions   2014   2013   2012   2014 vs. 2013   2013 vs. 2012 Proceeds from borrowings   $ 55   $ 1,004   $ 64   $ (949 )   $ 940 Payments on borrowings and capital lease obligations   (94 )   (90 )   (145 )   (4 )   55 Distributions to noncontrolling interests   (83 )   (75 )   (62 )   (8 )   (13 ) Dividend payments on common stock   (512 )   (420 )   (340 )   (92 )   (80 ) Repurchases of common stock   (670 )   (381 )   (256 )   (289 )   (125 ) Other, net   (39 )   14   45   (53 )   (31 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities    $ (1,343 )   $ 52   $ (694 )   $ (1,395 )   $ 746 2014  vs.  2013   Net cash  used in  financing activities  increase d versus  2013  primarily due to lower proceeds from borrowings. In September 2013, we issued $1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.65% senior unsecured notes due in 2023 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior unsecured notes due in 2043. Net proceeds from the issuance were $979 million. Our total debt was  $1.7 billion  at  December 31, 2014 , compared with  $1.7 billion  at  December 31, 2013 . Total debt as a percent of our total capital (total capital defined as debt plus equity) was  17.3 percent  at  December 31, 2014 , compared with  18.1 percent  at  December 31, 2013 . 53 Table of Contents 2013  vs.  2012   Net cash provided by financing activities increased versus 2012 primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of senior notes and lower payments on borrowings and capital lease obligations, partially offset by higher repurchases of common stock and higher dividend payments. Our total debt was $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2013, compared with $775 million as of December 31, 2012. Total debt as a percent of our total capital was 18.1 percent at December 31, 2013, compared with 10.0 percent at December 31, 2012. Repurchase of Common Stock We repurchased  $670 million  of common stock under the 2012 Board of Directors authorized plan during  2014 . Quarterly purchases were as follows: In millions (except per share amounts) For each quarter ended   Shares Purchased   Average Cost Per Share   Total Cost of Repurchases   Remaining Authorized Capacity  (1) March 30   3.0   $ 139.70   $ 419   $ 425 June 29   0.1   148.11   11   415 September 28   1.2   139.76   175   240 December 31   0.5   132.66   65   174 Total   4.8   $ 139.12   $ 670   $ 174                ___________________________________________________________ (1)    The remaining authorized capacity is calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares, but excludes commission expenses according to the Board of Directors authorization.     In July 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2012 repurchase plan. Quarterly Dividends Total dividends paid to common shareholders in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  were  $512 million ,  $420 million  and  $340 million  respectively. Declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by our Board of Directors, who meet quarterly to consider our dividend payment. We expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations. In July 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a dividend increase of approximately 25 percent from $0.625 per share to $0.78 per share on a quarterly basis.  In July 2013, the Board of Directors authorized a 25 percent increase to our quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $0.50 per share to $0.625 per share. In July 2012, the Board of Directors authorized a 25 percent increase to our quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $0.40 per share to $0.50 per share. Cash dividends per share paid to common shareholders for the last three years were as follows:     Quarterly Dividends     2014   2013   2012 First quarter   $ 0.625   $ 0.50   $ 0.40 Second quarter   0.625   0.50   0.40 Third quarter   0.78   0.625   0.50 Fourth quarter   0.78   0.625   0.50 Total   $ 2.81   $ 2.25   $ 1.80 Credit Ratings A number of our contractual obligations and financing agreements, such as our revolving credit facility, have restrictive covenants and/or pricing modifications that may be triggered in the event of downward revisions to our corporate credit rating.  There were no downgrades of our credit ratings in  2014  that have impacted these covenants or pricing modifications.  In December 2014, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. raised our rating to 'A2' and confirmed our outlook as stable. In October 2014, Fitch Ratings reaffirmed our rating and outlook. In August 2014, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services raised our rating to 'A+' and confirmed our outlook as stable. 54 Table of Contents Credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. In addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Our ratings and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below.   Credit Rating Agency   Senior L-T Debt Rating   Outlook Standard & Poor’s Rating Services   A+   Stable Fitch Ratings   A   Stable Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.   A2   Stable CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS  A summary of payments due for our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, as of  December 31, 2014 , is as follows: Contractual Cash Obligations                     In millions   2015   2016-2017   2018-2019   After 2019   Total Loans payable   $ 86   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 86 Long-term debt and capital lease obligations (1)   121   225   194   3,010   3,550 Operating leases   152   223   152   105   632 Capital expenditures   218   53   —   —   271 Purchase commitments for inventory   644   —   —   —   644 Other purchase commitments   378   85   16   11   490 Pension funding (2)   87   —   —   —   87 Other postretirement benefits   40   74   64   230   408 Total   $ 1,726 $ 660 $ 426 $ 3,356   $ 6,168    ___________________________________________________________ (1)   Includes principal payments and expected interest payments based on the terms of the obligations .     (2)   We are contractually obligated in the U.K. to fund $87 million in 2015; however, our expected total pension contributions for 2015, including the U.K., are approximately $175 million.   The contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $174 million as of December 31,  2014 . We are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. See Note  4 , " INCOME TAXES ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements  for further details. Our other commercial commitments as of December 31,  2014 , are as follows Other Commercial Commitments                     In millions   2015   2016-2017   2018-2019   After 2019   Total Standby letters of credit under revolving credit agreements   $ 23   $ 1   $ —   $ —   $ 24 International and other domestic letters of credit   46   30   —   7   83 Performance and excise bonds   70   6   —   —   76 Guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments   4   1   —   —   5 Total   $ 143   $ 38   $ —   $ 7   $ 188 APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in Note  1 , " SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ," of our  Consolidated Financial Statements  which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives. Our  Consolidated Financial Statements  are prepared in accordance with GAAP which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. Management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. In any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our  Consolidated Financial Statements. 55 Table of Contents Critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. We believe our critical accounting estimates include those addressing the estimation of liabilities for warranty programs, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits. Warranty Programs We estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. Our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. As a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when it is announced. Our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. Future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. New product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. Product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. We generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. We then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters, and new product specific experience thereafter. Note  10 , " PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements  contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for  2014  and  2013  including adjustments to pre-existing warranties. Accounting for Income Taxes We determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Future tax benefits of tax loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets.  At  December 31, 2014 , we recorded net deferred tax assets of  $184 million . These assets included  $190 million  for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance of  $144 million  was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized.  In the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets. In addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. We accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions we have taken and we believe we have made adequate provision for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. A more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our tax loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in  Note  4 , " INCOME TAXES ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements . Pension Benefits We sponsor a number of pension plans primarily in the U.S. and the U.K. and to a lesser degree in various other countries. In the U.S. and the U.K. we have several major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. We account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans under GAAP. GAAP requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. As a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at December 31. These assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. The actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. These differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our  Consolidated Financial Statements  in the future. 56 Table of Contents The expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. We considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. The long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations and is generally applied to a five-year average market value of return. Projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management.  As of December 31, 2014, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our U.S. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 10-year projection period equal to or in excess of 7.5 percent approximately 20 percent of the time while returns of 8.0 percent or greater are anticipated 15 percent of the time.  We expect additional positive returns from active investment management.  The  2014  one-year return of  13.3 percent , combined with the very favorable returns since 2010, has resulted in approximately  $470 million  of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income over the past five years. Based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe an investment return assumption of  7.5 percent  per year in  2015  for U.S. pension assets is reasonable. The methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the U.K. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations.  As of December 31, 2014, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our U.K. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 5.2 percent approximately 50 percent of the time while returns of 6.1 percent or greater are anticipated 25 percent of the time.  We expect additional positive returns from active investment management.  The one-year return for our U.K. plan was  16.8 percent  for  2014 , and similar to our U.S. plan, the strong returns over the past five years have resulted in approximately  $285 million  of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income. Our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. Therefore, the risk and return balance of our asset portfolio should reflect a long-term horizon. Based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe an investment return assumption of  5.8 percent  in  2015  for U.K. pension assets is reasonable. Our pension plan asset allocations at December 31,  2014  and  2013  and target allocation for  2015  are as follows:     U.S. Plans   U.K. Plans     Target Allocation   Percentage of Plan Assets at December 31,   Target Allocation   Percentage of Plan Assets at December 31, Investment description   2015   2014   2013   2015 2014   2013 Fixed income   64.0 %   65.7 %   57.4 %   50.0 %   56.0 %   46.9 % Equity securities   22.0 %   22.9 %   30.5 %   25.5 %   32.0 %   39.5 % Real estate/other   14.0 %   11.4 %   12.1 %   24.5 %   12.0 %   13.6 % Total   100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0 % The differences between the actual return on plan assets and expected long-term return on plan assets are recognized in the asset value used to calculate net periodic cost over five years. The table below sets forth the expected return assumptions used to develop our pension cost for the period  2012 - 2014  and our expected rate of return for  2015 .     Long-term Expected Return Assumptions     2015   2014   2013   2012 U.S. plans   7.50 %   7.50 %   8.00 %   8.00 % U.K. plans   5.80 %   5.80 %   5.80 %   6.50 % A lower expected rate of return will increase our net periodic pension cost and reduce profitability. GAAP for pensions offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. It is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. Under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligation (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in comprehensive income and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. In addition to this approach, GAAP also allows immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. Immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. We have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. If we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $897 million ($614 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our U.S. and U.K. pension plans. 57 Table of Contents The difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and, under certain circumstances such as when the difference exceeds  10 percent  of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation (PBO), amortized over future years of service. This is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. As of December 31,  2014 , we had net pension actuarial losses of  $611 million  and  $286 million  for the U.S. and U.K. pension plans, respectively. Under GAAP, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $78 million (after-tax) in  2014 . The losses were due to liability losses from lower U.S. and U.K. discount rates, partially offset by improved plan asset performance for both the U.S. and U.K. plans. As these amounts exceed  10 percent  of our PBO, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. The table below sets forth the net periodic pension cost for the period  2012 - 2014  and our expected cost for  2015 . In millions   2015   2014   2013   2012 Net periodic pension cost   $ 58   $ 57   $ 87   $ 64 We expect  2015  net periodic pension cost to remain  flat  when compared to  2014 , due to lower discount rates in the U.S. and U.K. and unfavorable mortality demographics in the U.S., offset by favorable expected return on asset performance in both the U.S. and U.K. The  decrease  in periodic pension cost in  2014  compared to  2013  was due to reduced loss amortizations resulting from improved U.S. asset performance and a higher discount rate.  The increase in periodic pension cost in 2013 compared to 2012 was due to unfavorable impacts of higher service cost due to increased headcount, decreased discount rates and lower expected asset returns for our U.K. plan as we de-risk plan trust assets moving toward more conservative investments.  Another key assumption used in the development of the net periodic pension cost is the discount rate. The weighted average discount rates used to develop our net periodic pension cost are set forth in the table below.     Discount Rates     2015   2014   2013   2012 U.S. plans   4.07 %   4.83 %   3.97 %   4.82 % U.K. plans   3.80 %   4.60 %   4.70 %   5.20 % Changes in the discount rate assumptions will impact the interest cost component of the net periodic pension cost calculation. The discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. The guidelines for setting this rate are discussed in GAAP which suggests the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. We used bond information provided by Moody's Investor Services, Inc. and Standard & Poor's Rating Services. All bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the U.S. and U.K. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (Aa or better) as of December 31,  2014 , by at least one of the bond rating agencies. The average yield of this hypothetical bond portfolio was used as the benchmark for determining the discount rate to be used to value the obligations of the plans subject to GAAP for pensions and other postretirement benefits. Our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the U.S. and the U.K. For both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. A single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. The resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics. The table below sets forth the estimated impact on our  2015  net periodic pension cost relative to a change in the discount rate and a change in the expected rate of return on plan assets. In millions Impact on Pension Cost Increase/(Decrease) Discount rate used to value liabilities   0.25 percent increase $ (13 ) 0.25 percent decrease 13 Expected rate of return on assets   1 percent increase (41 ) 1 percent decrease 41 58 Table of Contents The above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. A higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. A lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. It should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. Note  11 , " PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements  provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our  Consolidated Financial Statements . RECENTLY ADOPTED AND RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) amended its standards on comprehensive income by requiring disclosure in the footnotes of information about amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. Specifically, the amendment requires disclosure of the line items on net income in which the item was reclassified only if it is reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. The new rules became effective for us beginning January 1, 2013 and were adopted prospectively in accordance with the standard. The standard resulted in new disclosures in   NOTE 15 , " ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ." Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Yet Effective In May 2014, the FASB amended its standards related to revenue recognition. This amendment replaces all existing revenue recognition guidance and provides a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers. The standard contains principles that we will apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized. The underlying principle is that we will recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows either full or modified retrospective adoption. Early adoption is not permitted. The guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. Other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of time value of money in the transaction price and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. The amendment also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. The new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning January 1, 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our  Consolidated Financial Statements , and we are further considering the impact of each method of adoption. ITEM 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to financial risk resulting from volatility in foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. This risk is closely monitored and managed through the use of financial derivative instruments including foreign currency forward contracts, commodity zero-cost collars and interest rate swaps. These instruments, as further described below, are accounted for as cash flow or fair value hedges or as economic hedges not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Financial derivatives are used expressly for hedging purposes and under no circumstances are they used for speculative purposes. When material, we adjust the estimated fair value of our derivative contracts for counter-party or our credit risk. None of our derivative instruments are subject to collateral requirements. Substantially all of our derivative contracts are subject to master netting arrangements which provide us with the option to settle certain contracts on a net basis when they settle on the same day with the same currency. In addition, these arrangements provide for a net settlement of all contracts with a given counterparty in the event that the arrangement is terminated due to the occurrence of default or a termination event.   The following describes our risk exposures and provides the results of a sensitivity analysis performed as of December 31,  2014 . The sensitivity analysis assumes instantaneous, parallel shifts in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Foreign Exchange Rates As a result of our international business presence, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risks. We transact business in foreign currencies and, as a result, our income experiences some volatility related to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. To help manage our exposure to exchange rate volatility, we use foreign currency forward contracts on a regular basis to hedge forecasted intercompany and third-party sales and purchases denominated in non-functional currencies. Our internal policy allows for managing anticipated foreign currency cash flows for up to  one year .  These foreign currency forward contracts are designated and qualify as foreign currency cash flow hedges under GAAP.  For the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 ,  there were no circumstances that would have resulted in the discontinuance of a foreign currency cash flow hedge.   59 Table of Contents To minimize the income volatility resulting from the remeasurement of net monetary assets and payables denominated in a currency other than the functional currency, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, which are considered economic hedges. The objective is to offset the gain or loss from remeasurement with the gain or loss from the fair market valuation of the forward contract. These derivative instruments are not designated as hedges under GAAP.   As of December 31, 2014, the potential gain or loss in the fair value of our outstanding foreign currency contracts, assuming a hypothetical  10  percent fluctuation in the currencies of such contracts, would be approximately  $21 million . The sensitivity analysis of the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates assumes the notional value to remain constant for the next 12 months. The analysis ignores the impact of foreign exchange movements on our competitive position and potential changes in sales levels. Any change in the value of the contracts, real or hypothetical, would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the value of the underlying hedged items . Interest Rate Risk   We are exposed to market risk from fluctuations in interest rates. We manage our exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the use of interest rate swaps. The objective of the swaps is to more effectively balance our borrowing costs and interest rate risk.   In February 2014, we settled our November 2005 interest rate swap which previously converted our  $250 million  debt issue, due in 2028, from a fixed rate  of  7.125 percent  to a floating rate based on  LIBOR   plus a spread.   Also, in February 2014, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert our September 2013,  $500 million  debt issue, due in 2023, from a fixed rate of  3.65 percent  to a floating rate equal to the  one-month LIBOR   plus a spread.  The terms of the swaps mirror those of the debt, with interest paid semi-annually. The swaps were designated, and will be accounted for, as fair value hedges under GAAP. The gain or loss on these derivative instruments, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in current income as “Interest expense.” The net swap settlements that accrue each period are also reported in interest expense. The following table summarizes these gains and losses for the years presented below:       Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Income Statement Classification   Gain/(Loss) on Swaps   Gain/(Loss) on Borrowings   Gain/(Loss) on Swaps   Gain/(Loss) on Borrowings   Gain/(Loss) on Swaps   Gain/(Loss) on Borrowings Interest expense  (1)   $ 23   $ (19 )   $ (39 )   $ 39   $ 6   $ (6 ) ___________________________________________________________ (1)   The difference between the gain/(loss) on swaps and borrowings represents hedge ineffectiveness. Commodity Price Risk   We are exposed to fluctuations in commodity prices due to contractual agreements with component suppliers. In order to protect ourselves against future price volatility and, consequently, fluctuations in gross margins, we periodically enter into commodity zero-cost collar contracts with designated banks to fix the cost of certain raw material purchases with the objective of minimizing changes in inventory cost due to market price fluctuations. We have commodity zero-cost collar contracts that represent an economic hedge, but are not designated for hedge accounting and are marked to market through earnings. Our internal policy allows for managing our cash flow hedges for up to three years.     As of December 31, 2014, the potential gain or loss related to the outstanding commodity zero-cost collar contracts, assuming a hypothetical  10  percent fluctuation in the price of such commodities, was   $2 million . The sensitivity analysis of the effects of changes in commodity prices assumes the notional value to remain constant for the next 12 months. The analysis ignores the impact of commodity price movements on our competitive position and potential changes in sales levels. Any change in the value of the zero-cost collar contracts, real or hypothetical, would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the value of the underlying hedged items.   60 Table of Contents ITEM 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Financial Statements • Management's Report to Shareholders • Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm • Consolidated Statements of Income   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012   • Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012   • Consolidated Balance Sheets   at December 31,  2014  and  2013   • Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012   • Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012   • Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES NOTE 2   ACQUISITIONS NOTE 3   INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES NOTE 4   INCOME TAXES NOTE 5   MARKETABLE SECURITIES NOTE 6   INVENTORIES NOTE 7   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT NOTE 8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS NOTE 9   DEBT NOTE 10   PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY NOTE 11   PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS NOTE 12   OTHER LIABILITIES AND DEFERRED REVENUE NOTE 13   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES NOTE 14   SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY NOTE 15   ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) NOTE 16   STOCK INCENTIVE AND STOCK OPTION PLANS NOTE 17   NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS NOTE 18   EARNINGS PER SHARE NOTE 19   OPERATING SEGMENTS • Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 61 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT'S REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS Management's Report on Financial Statements and Practices The accompanying  Consolidated Financial Statements  of Cummins Inc. were prepared by management, which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity. The statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and include amounts that are based on management's best judgments and estimates. The other financial information included in the annual report is consistent with that in the financial statements. Management also recognizes its responsibility for conducting our affairs according to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct. This responsibility is characterized and reflected in key policy statements issued from time to time regarding, among other things, conduct of its business activities within the laws of the host countries in which we operate, within The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and potentially conflicting interests of its employees. We maintain a systematic program to assess compliance with these policies. To comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we designed and implemented a structured and comprehensive compliance process to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting across the enterprise. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of Cummins Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of our  Consolidated Financial Statements  for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and concluded it was effective as of  December 31, 2014 . In making its assessment, management utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013). The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014 , has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. Officer Certifications Please refer to Exhibits 31(a) and 31(b) attached to this report for certifications required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. /s/ N. THOMAS LINEBARGER   /s/ PATRICK J. WARD Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 62 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Cummins Inc.: In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cummins Inc. and its subsidiaries at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2014  in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting."  Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Indianapolis, Indiana February 17,  2015   63 Table of Contents CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME     Years ended December 31, In millions, except per share amounts    2014   2013   2012 NET SALES  (a)   $ 19,221   $ 17,301   $ 17,334 Cost of sales (Note 1)   14,360   13,021   12,918 GROSS MARGIN    4,861   4,280   4,416               OPERATING EXPENSES AND INCOME              Selling, general and administrative expenses (Note 1)   2,095   1,817   1,808 Research, development and engineering expenses    754   713   728 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees (Note 3)   370   361   384 Other operating income (expense), net    (17 )   (10 )   (10 ) OPERATING INCOME    2,365   2,101   2,254               Interest income    23   27   25 Interest expense (Note 9)   64   41   32 Other income (expense), net    110   32   24 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES    2,434   2,119   2,271               Income tax expense (Note 4)   698   531   533 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME    1,736   1,588   1,738               Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests    85   105   93 NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC.    $ 1,651   $ 1,483   $ 1,645               EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC. (Note 18)             Basic    $ 9.04   $ 7.93   $ 8.69 Diluted    $ 9.02   $ 7.91   $ 8.67 ____________________________________ (a)   Includes sales to nonconsolidated equity investees of  $2,063 million ,  $2,319 million  and  $2,427 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The accompanying notes are an integral part of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 64 Table of Contents CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME    $ 1,736   $ 1,588   $ 1,738 Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax (Note 15)             Foreign currency translation adjustments    (234 )   (46 )   29 Unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives    (1 )   (1 )   20 Change in pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans    (58 )   183   (70 ) Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities    (12 )   1   2 Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax    (305 )   137   (19 ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    1,431   1,725   1,719 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests    74   76   86 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC.    $ 1,357   $ 1,649   $ 1,633 The accompanying notes are an integral part of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 65 Table of Contents CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     December 31, In millions, except par value   2014   2013 ASSETS         Current assets          Cash and cash equivalents    $ 2,301   $ 2,699 Marketable securities (Note 5)   93   150 Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities    2,394   2,849 Accounts and notes receivable, net          Trade and other    2,744   2,362 Nonconsolidated equity investees    202   287 Inventories (Note 6)   2,866   2,381 Prepaid expenses and other current assets    849   760 Total current assets    9,055   8,639 Long-term assets          Property, plant and equipment, net (Note 7)   3,686   3,156 Investments and advances related to equity method investees (Note 3)   981   931 Goodwill (Note 8)   479   461 Other intangible assets, net (Note 8)   343   357 Prepaid pensions (Note 11)   637   514 Other assets    595   670 Total assets    $ 15,776 $ 14,728           LIABILITIES         Current liabilities          Loans payable (Note 9)   $ 86   $ 17 Accounts payable (principally trade)    1,881   1,557 Current maturities of long-term debt (Note 9)   23   51 Current portion of accrued product warranty (Note 10)   363   360 Accrued compensation, benefits and retirement costs    508   433 Deferred revenue    401   285 Taxes payable (including taxes on income)    70   99 Other accrued expenses    689   566 Total current liabilities    4,021   3,368 Long-term liabilities          Long-term debt (Note 9)   1,589   1,672 Pensions (Note 11)   289   232 Postretirement benefits other than pensions (Note 11)   369   356 Other liabilities and deferred revenue (Note 12)   1,415   1,230 Total liabilities    $ 7,683   $ 6,858 Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)               EQUITY         Cummins Inc. shareholders’ equity (Note 14)         Common stock, $2.50 par value, 500 shares authorized, 222.3 and 222.3 shares issued    $ 2,139   $ 2,099 Retained earnings    9,545   8,406 Treasury stock, at cost, 40.1 and 35.6 shares    (2,844 )   (2,195 ) Common stock held by employee benefits trust, at cost, 1.1 and 1.3 shares    (13 )   (16 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 15)         Defined benefit postretirement plans    (669 )   (611 ) Other    (409 )   (173 ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss    (1,078 )   (784 ) Total Cummins Inc. shareholders’ equity    7,749   7,510 Noncontrolling interests (Note 17)   344   360 Total equity    $ 8,093   $ 7,870 Total liabilities and equity    $ 15,776   $ 14,728 The accompanying notes are an integral part of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 66 Table of Contents CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES              Consolidated net income    $ 1,736   $ 1,588   $ 1,738 Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash provided by operating activities              Depreciation and amortization   455   407   361 Gain on fair value adjustment for consolidated investees (Note 2)   (73 )   (12 )   (7 ) Deferred income taxes (Note 4)   31   100   116 Equity in income of investees, net of dividends    (100 )   (62 )   (15 ) Pension contributions in excess of expense (Note 11)   (148 )   (82 )   (68 ) Other post-retirement benefits payments in excess of expense (Note 11)   (28 )   (25 )   (21 ) Stock-based compensation expense    36   37   36 Translation and hedging activities    (13 )   17   — Changes in current assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions              Accounts and notes receivable    (89 )   (148 )   87 Inventories    (256 )   (46 )   (32 ) Other current assets    1   212   (60 ) Accounts payable    244   163   (256 ) Accrued expenses    168   (246 )   (514 ) Changes in other liabilities and deferred revenue    282   211   214 Other, net    20   (25 )   (47 ) Net cash provided by operating activites    2,266   2,089   1,532 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES              Capital expenditures    (743 )   (676 )   (690 ) Investments in internal use software    (55 )   (64 )   (87 ) Investments in and advances to equity investees    (60 )   (42 )   (70 ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (Note 2)   (436 )   (147 )   (215 ) Investments in marketable securities—acquisitions (Note 5)   (275 )   (418 )   (561 ) Investments in marketable securities—liquidations (Note 5)   336   525   585 Purchases of other investments    —   (40 )   — Cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges    (14 )   1   12 Other, net    13   15   44 Net cash used in investing activities    (1,234 )   (846 )   (982 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES              Proceeds from borrowings (Note 9)   55   1,004   64 Payments on borrowings and capital lease obligations    (94 )   (90 )   (145 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests    (83 )   (75 )   (62 ) Dividend payments on common stock (Note 14)   (512 )   (420 )   (340 ) Repurchases of common stock (Note 15)   (670 )   (381 )   (256 ) Other, net    (39 )   14   45 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities    (1,343 )   52   (694 ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS    (87 )   35   29 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents    (398 )   1,330 (115 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year    2,699   1,369   1,484 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD    $ 2,301   $ 2,699   $ 1,369 The accompanying notes are an integral part of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 67 Table of Contents  CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY In millions Common Stock   Additional  paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   Treasury Stock   Common Stock Held in Trust   Total Cummins Inc. Shareholders’ Equity   Noncontrolling Interests   Total Equity BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2011 $ 555   $ 1,446   $ 6,038   $ (938 )   $ (1,587 )   $ (22 )   $ 5,492   $ 339   $ 5,831 Net income         1,645               1,645   93   1,738 Other comprehensive income (loss)             (12 )           (12 )   (7 )   (19 ) Issuance of shares 1   6                   7   —   7 Employee benefits trust activity     27               4   31   —   31 Acquisition of shares                 (256 )       (256 )   —   (256 ) Cash dividends on common stock         (340 )               (340 )   —   (340 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests                         —   (76 )   (76 ) Stock based awards                 13       13   —   13 Other shareholder transactions   23                 23   22   45 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2012 $ 556   $ 1,502   $ 7,343   $ (950 )   $ (1,830 )   $ (18 )   $ 6,603   $ 371   $ 6,974 Net income         1,483               1,483   105   1,588 Other comprehensive income (loss)             166           166   (29 )   137 Issuance of shares     8                   8   —   8 Employee benefits trust activity     24               2   26   —   26 Acquisition of shares                 (381 )       (381 )   —   (381 ) Cash dividends on common stock         (420 )               (420 )   —   (420 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests                         —   (75 )   (75 ) Stock based awards     1           16       17   —   17 Other shareholder transactions     8                   8   (12 )   (4 ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2013 $ 556   $ 1,543   $ 8,406   $ (784 )   $ (2,195 )   $ (16 )   $ 7,510   $ 360   $ 7,870 Net income         1,651               1,651   85   1,736 Other comprehensive income (loss)             (294 )           (294 )   (11 )   (305 ) Issuance of shares   9                   9   —   9 Employee benefits trust activity     24               3   27   —   27 Acquisition of shares                 (670 )       (670 )   —   (670 ) Cash dividends on common stock         (512 )               (512 )   —   (512 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests                         —   (83 )   (83 ) Stock based awards     (5 )           21       16   —   16 Other shareholder transactions     12                   12   (7 )   5 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2014 $ 556   $ 1,583   $ 9,545   $ (1,078 )   $ (2,844 )   $ (13 )   $ 7,749   $ 344   $ 8,093 The accompanying notes are an integral part of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 68 CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Nature of Operations Cummins Inc. was founded in 1919 as a corporation in Columbus, Indiana, as one of the first diesel engine manufacturers.   We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products, including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems and electric power generation systems. We sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), distributors and other customers worldwide.   We serve our customers through a network of approximately   600  company-owned and independent distributor locations and approximately   7,200   dealer locations in more than  190  countries and territories.   Principles of Consolidation Our  Consolidated Financial Statements  include the accounts of all wholly-owned and majority-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries where our ownership is more than 50 percent of outstanding equity interests except for majority-owned subsidiaries that are considered variable interest entities (VIEs) where we are not deemed to have a controlling financial interest. In addition, we also consolidate, regardless of our ownership percentage, VIEs for which we are deemed to have a controlling financial interest. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Where our ownership interest is less than 100 percent, the noncontrolling ownership interests are reported in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets . The noncontrolling ownership interest in our income, net of tax, is classified as "Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests" in our  Consolidated Statements of Income . Certain amounts for  2013  and  2012  have been reclassified to conform to the current classifications. We have variable interests in several businesses accounted for under the equity method of accounting that are deemed to be VIEs and are subject to the provisions of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for variable interest entities. Most of these VIEs are unconsolidated. Reclassification Adjustments We revised the classification of certain amounts for "Cost of sales" and "Selling, general and administrative expenses" for 2013 and 2012. In connection with the integration of recently acquired North American distributors and anticipating the future acquisition and integration of the entire North American channel, our Distribution segment has developed a framework against which Distribution management intends to measure the performance of the distribution channel. The segment EBIT (defined as earnings before interest expense, taxes and noncontrolling interests) performance measure is unchanged, however, certain activities that were previously classified in "Selling, general and administrative expenses" are now classified as "Cost of sales" to align with the new framework and allow for consistent treatment across the channel. We revised the expense presentation of our  Consolidated Statements of Income  for the periods presented   to follow the new cost framework. The reclassifications for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, were   $103 million  and  $92 million , respectively. The revision had no impact on reported net income, cash flows or the balance sheet.  Investments in Equity Investees We use the equity method to account for our investments in joint ventures, affiliated companies and alliances in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, generally represented by equity ownership or partnership equity of at least  20 percent  but not more than  50 percent . Generally, under the equity method, original investments in these entities are recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted by our share of equity in income or losses after the date of acquisition. Investment amounts in excess of our share of an investee's net assets are amortized over the life of the related asset creating the excess. If the excess is goodwill, then it is not amortized. Equity in income or losses of each investee is recorded according to our level of ownership; if losses accumulate, we record our share of losses until our investment has been fully depleted. If our investment has been fully depleted, we recognize additional losses only when we are the primary funding source. We eliminate (to the extent of our ownership percentage) in our  Consolidated Financial Statements  the profit in inventory held by our equity method investees that has not yet been sold to a third-party. Our investments are classified as "Investments and advances related to equity method investees" in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Our share of the results from joint ventures, affiliated companies and alliances is reported in our  Consolidated Statements of Income  as "Equity, royalty and interest income from investees," and is reported net of all applicable income taxes. 69 Table of Contents Our foreign equity investees are presented net of applicable foreign income taxes in our  Consolidated Statements of Income . Our remaining United States (U.S.) equity investees are partnerships (non-taxable), thus there is no difference between gross or net of tax presentation as the investees are not taxed. See  NOTE 3 , " INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES ," for additional information. Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Financial Statements Preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts presented and disclosed in our  Consolidated Financial Statements . Significant estimates and assumptions in these  Consolidated Financial Statements  require the exercise of judgment and are used for, but not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, estimates of future cash flows and other assumptions associated with goodwill and long-lived asset impairment tests, useful lives for depreciation and amortization, warranty programs, determination of discount and other assumptions for pension and other postretirement benefit costs, restructuring costs, income taxes and deferred tax valuation allowances, lease classification and contingencies. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be different from these estimates. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue, net of estimated costs of returns, allowances and sales incentives, when it is realized or realizable, which generally occurs when: • Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; • The product has been shipped and legal title and all risks of ownership have been transferred; • The sales price is fixed or determinable; and • Payment is reasonably assured. Products are generally sold on open account under credit terms customary to the geographic region of distribution. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral to secure our accounts receivable. For engines, service parts, service tools and other items sold to independent distributors and to partially-owned distributors accounted for under the equity method, revenues are recorded when title and risk of ownership transfers. This transfer is based on the agreement in effect with the respective distributor, which in the U.S. and most international locations, generally occurs when the products are shipped. To the extent of our ownership percentage, margins on sales to distributors accounted for under the equity method are deferred until the distributor sells the product to unrelated parties. We provide various sales incentives to both our distribution network and our OEM customers. These programs are designed to promote the sale of our product in the channel or encourage the usage of our products by OEM customers. Sales incentives primarily fall into  three  categories: • Volume rebates; • Market share rebates; and • Aftermarket rebates. For volume rebates, we provide certain customers with rebate opportunities for attaining specified volumes during a particular quarter or year. We accrue for the expected amount of these rebates at the time of the original sale and update our accruals quarterly based on our best estimate of the volume levels the customer will reach during the measurement period. For market share rebates, we provide certain customers with rebate opportunities based on the percentage of their production that utilizes our product. These rebates are typically measured either quarterly or annually and are accrued at the time of the original sale based on the current market shares, with adjustments made as the level changes. For aftermarket rebates we provide incentives to promote sales to certain dealers and end-markets. These rebates are typically paid on a quarterly, or more frequent, basis and estimates are made at the end of each quarter as to the amount yet to be paid. These estimates are based on historical experience with the particular program. The incentives are classified as a reduction in sales in our  Consolidated Statements of Income . Rights of return do not exist for the majority of our sales, other than for quality issues. We do offer certain return rights in our aftermarket business, where some aftermarket customers are permitted to return small amounts of parts and filters each year and in our power generation business, which sells portable generators to retail customers. An estimate of future returns is accrued at the time of sale based on historical return rates. 70 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation We translate assets and liabilities of foreign entities to U.S. dollars, where the local currency is the functional currency, at year-end exchange rates. We translate income and expenses to U.S. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates for the year. We record adjustments resulting from translation in a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and include the adjustments in net income only upon sale, loss of controlling financial interest or liquidation of the underlying foreign investment.   Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in current net income. For foreign entities where the U.S. dollar is the functional currency, including those operating in highly inflationary economies when applicable, we remeasure non-monetary balances and the related income statement using historical exchange rates. We include in income the resulting gains and losses, including the effect of derivatives in our  Consolidated Statements of Income , which combined with transaction gains and losses amounted to a net   loss  of  $6 million  in  2014 , net  loss  of  $27 million  in  2013  and net  loss  of  $14 million  in  2012 . Derivative Instruments We make use of derivative instruments in foreign exchange, commodity price and interest rate hedging programs. Derivatives currently in use are foreign currency forward contracts, commodity zero-cost collars and interest rate swaps. These contracts are used strictly for hedging and not for speculative purposes.  We are exposed to market risk from fluctuations in interest rates. We manage our exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the use of interest rate swaps. The objective of the swaps is to more effectively balance our borrowing costs and interest rate risk. The gain or loss on these derivative instruments as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in current income as “Interest expense." For more detail on our interest rate swaps see  NOTE 9 , " DEBT ."   Due to our international business presence, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. We transact in foreign currencies and have assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Consequently, our income experiences some volatility related to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. In order to benefit from global diversification and after considering naturally offsetting currency positions, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize our existing exposures (recognized assets and liabilities) and hedge forecasted transactions. Foreign currency forward contracts are designated and qualify as foreign currency cash flow hedges under GAAP. The effective portion of the unrealized gain or loss on the forward contract is deferred and reported as a component of “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” (AOCL). When the hedged forecasted transaction (sale or purchase) occurs, the unrealized gain or loss is reclassified into income in the same line item associated with the hedged transaction in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects income. Foreign currency contracts have been deemed immaterial for additional disclosure. We are exposed to fluctuations in commodity prices due to contractual agreements with component suppliers. In order to protect ourselves against future price volatility and, consequently, fluctuations in gross margins, we periodically enter into commodity zero-cost collar contracts with designated banks to fix the cost of certain raw material purchases with the objective of minimizing changes in inventory cost due to market price fluctuations. We have commodity zero-cost collar contracts that represent an economic hedge, but are not designated for hedge accounting and are marked to market through earnings. Commodity swap contracts have been deemed immaterial for additional disclosure. Income Tax Accounting We determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Future tax benefits of tax loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets.  A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believes is more likely than not to be realized.  In the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets. In addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. We accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions we have taken and we believe we have made adequate provision for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. A more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our tax loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in   NOTE 4 , " INCOME TAXES ." 71 Table of Contents Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents are defined as short-term, highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. The carrying amounts reflected in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets  for cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these investments.     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Cash payments for income taxes, net of refunds   $ 659   $ 380   $ 691 Cash payments for interest, net of capitalized interest   65   30   32 Marketable Securities We account for marketable securities in accordance with GAAP for investments in debt and equity securities. We determine the appropriate classification of all marketable securities as "held-to-maturity, "available-for-sale" or "trading" at the time of purchase, and re-evaluate such classifications at each balance sheet date. At December 31,  2014  and  2013 , all of our investments were classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale (AFS) securities are carried at fair value with the unrealized gain or loss, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive income. Unrealized losses considered to be "other-than-temporary" are recognized currently in income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. The fair value of most investment securities is determined by currently available market prices. Where quoted market prices are not available, we use the market price of similar types of securities that are traded in the market to estimate fair value. See  NOTE 5 , " MARKETABLE SECURITIES ," for a detailed description of our investments in marketable securities. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, which approximates net realizable value, and generally do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance based on our historical collection experience and by performing an analysis of our accounts receivable in light of the current economic environment. We review our allowance for doubtful accounts on a regular basis. In addition, when necessary, we provide an allowance for the full amount of specific accounts deemed to be uncollectible. Account balances are charged off against the allowance in the period in which we determine that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The allowance for doubtful accounts balances for the years ended December 31,   2014  and  2013  were  $12 million  and  $14 million , respectively. Inventories Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. For the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 , approximately  14 percent  and  14 percent , respectively,  of our consolidated inventories (primarily heavy-duty and high-horsepower engines and parts) were valued using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost method. The cost of other inventories is generally valued using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost method. Our inventories at interim and year-end reporting dates include estimates for adjustments related to annual physical inventory results and for inventory cost changes under the LIFO cost method. Due to significant movements of partially-manufactured components and parts between manufacturing plants, we do not internally measure, nor do our accounting systems provide, a meaningful segregation between raw materials and work-in-process.  See  NOTE 6 , " INVENTORIES ," for additional information. Property, Plant and Equipment We record property, plant and equipment, inclusive of assets under capital leases, at cost. We depreciate the cost of the majority of our equipment using the straight-line method with depreciable lives ranging from   20  to  40 years  for buildings and  3  to  20 years  for machinery, equipment and fixtures.  Capital lease amortization is recorded in depreciation expense. We expense normal maintenance and repair costs as incurred. Depreciation expense totaled   $351 million ,  $318 million  and  $287 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. See  NOTE 7 , " PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT ," for additional information.  72 Table of Contents Long-Lived Assets We review our long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of the carrying value of the long-lived assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. An impairment of a long-lived asset or asset group exists when the expected future pre-tax cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) estimated to be generated by the asset or asset group is less than its carrying value. If these cash flows are less than the carrying value of such asset or asset group, an impairment loss is measured based on the difference between the estimated fair value and carrying value of the asset or asset group. Assumptions and estimates used to estimate cash flows in the evaluation of impairment and the fair values used to determine the impairment are subject to a degree of judgment and complexity. Any changes to the assumptions and estimates resulting from changes in actual results or market conditions from those anticipated may affect the carrying value of long-lived assets and could result in a future impairment charge. Goodwill Under GAAP for goodwill, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform an annual two-step goodwill impairment test. We have elected this option on certain reporting units.The two-step impairment test is now only required if an entity determines through this qualitative analysis that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. In addition, the carrying value of goodwill must be tested for impairment on an interim basis in certain circumstances where impairment may be indicated. When we are required or opt to perform the two-step impairment test, the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated by discounting the after tax future cash flows less requirements for working capital and fixed asset additions. Our reporting units are generally defined as one level below an operating segment. However, there are two situations where we have aggregated two or more components which share similar economic characteristics and thus are aggregated into a single reporting unit for testing purposes. These two situations are described further below. This analysis has resulted in the following reporting units for our goodwill testing:   • Within our Components segment, our emission solutions and filtration businesses have been aggregated into a single reporting unit.   • Also within our Components segment, our turbo technologies business is considered a separate reporting unit. • Within our Power Generation segment, our alternators business is considered a separate reporting unit.   • Within our Engine segment, our new and recon parts business is considered a separate reporting unit. This reporting unit is in the business of selling new parts and remanufacturing and reconditioning engines and certain engine components.   • Our Distribution segment is considered a single reporting unit as it is managed geographically and all regions share similar economic characteristics and provide similar products and services.   No other reporting units have goodwill. Our valuation method requires us to make projections of revenue, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions for the reporting units over a multi-year period. Additionally, management must estimate a weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects a market rate, for each reporting unit for use as a discount rate. The discounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit and, if less than the carrying value, a separate valuation of the goodwill is required to determine if an impairment loss has occurred. In addition, we also perform a sensitivity analysis to determine how much our forecasts can fluctuate before the fair value of a reporting unit would be lower than its carrying amount. We performed the required procedures as of the end of our fiscal third quarter and determined that our goodwill was not impaired.  At December 31,  2014 , our recorded goodwill was  $479 million , approximately  82 percent   of which resided in the emission solutions plus filtration reporting unit. For this reporting unit, the fair value exceeded its carrying value by a substantial margin when we performed step one of the two-step impairment test in the current year. Changes in our projections or estimates, a deterioration of our operating results and the related cash flow effect or a significant increase in the discount rate could decrease the estimated fair value of our reporting units and result in a future impairment of goodwill.  See  NOTE 8 , " GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS ,"for additional information. 73 Table of Contents Software We capitalize certain costs for software that are developed or obtained for internal use. Software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives generally ranging from  3  to  12  years. Software assets are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable over the remaining lives of the assets. Upgrades and enhancements are capitalized if they result in significant modifications that enable the software to perform tasks it was previously incapable of performing. Software maintenance, training, data conversion and business process reengineering costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. See  NOTE 8 , " GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS ," for additional information. Warranty We charge the estimated costs of warranty programs, other than product recalls, to cost of sales at the time products are sold and revenue is recognized. We use historical experience to develop the estimated liability for our various warranty programs. As a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when it is announced. The liability for these programs is reflected in the provision for warranties issued. We review and assess the liability for these programs on a quarterly basis. We also assess our ability to recover certain costs from our suppliers and record a receivable when we believe a recovery is probable. In addition to costs incurred on warranty and recall programs, from time to time we also incur costs related to customer satisfaction programs for items not covered by warranty. We accrue for these costs when agreement is reached with a specific customer. These costs are not included in the provision for warranties but are included in cost of sales. In addition, we sell extended warranty coverage on most of our engines. The revenue collected is initially deferred and is recognized as revenue in proportion to the costs expected to be incurred in performing services over the contract period. We compare the remaining deferred revenue balance quarterly to the estimated amount of future claims under extended warranty programs and provide an additional accrual when the deferred revenue balance is less than expected future costs. See  NOTE 10 , " PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY ," for additional information. Research and Development Our research and development program is focused on product improvements, innovations and cost reductions for our customers. Research and development expenditures include salaries, contractor fees, building costs, utilities, administrative expenses and allocation of corporate costs and are expensed, net of contract reimbursements, when incurred. From time to time, we enter into agreements with customers to fund a portion of the research and development costs of a particular project. We generally account for these reimbursements as an offset to the related research and development expenditure. Research and development expenses, net of contract reimbursements, were  $737 million  in  2014 ,  $700 million  in  2013  and  $721 million  in  2012 .  Contract reimbursements were  $121 million  in  2014 ,  $76 million  in  2013  and  $86 million  in  2012 . Related Party Transactions In accordance with the provisions of various joint venture agreements, we may purchase products and components from our joint ventures, sell products and components to our joint ventures and our joint ventures may sell products and components to unrelated parties. Joint venture transfer prices may differ from normal selling prices. Certain joint venture agreements transfer product at cost, some transfer product on a cost-plus basis, and others transfer product at market value. Our related party sales are presented on the face of our  Consolidated Statements of Income . Our related party purchases were not material to our financial position or results of operations. RECENTLY ADOPTED AND RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) amended its standards on comprehensive income by requiring disclosure in the footnotes of information about amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. Specifically, the amendment requires disclosure of the line items on net income in which the item was reclassified only if it is reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. The new rules became effective for us beginning January 1, 2013 and were adopted prospectively in accordance with the standard. The standard resulted in new disclosures in   NOTE 15 , " ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ." 74 Table of Contents Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Yet Effective In May 2014, the FASB amended its standards related to revenue recognition. This amendment replaces all existing revenue recognition guidance and provides a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers. The standard contains principles that we will apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized. The underlying principle is that we will recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows either full or modified retrospective adoption. Early adoption is not permitted. The guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. Other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of time value of money in the transaction price and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. The amendment also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. The new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning January 1, 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our  Consolidated Financial Statements , and we are further considering the impact of each method of adoption. 75 Table of Contents NOTE 2.  ACQUISITIONS   In September 2013, we announced our intention to acquire the equity that we do not already own in most of our partially-owned United States and Canadian distributors over the next  three  to  five years . The Distribution segment joint venture acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows: Entity Acquired (Dollars in millions)   Date of Acquisition   Additional Percent Interest Acquired   Payments to Former Owners   Acquisition Related Debt Retirements   Total Purchase Consideration   Type of Acquisition (1)   Gain Recognized (1)   Goodwill Acquired   Intangibles Recognized (2)   Net Sales Previous      Fiscal Year Ended (3) 2014                                         Cummins Bridgeway LLC (Bridgeway) (4)   11/03/14   54%   $ 22   $ 45   $ 77 (5)   COMB   $ 13   $ 4   $ 15   $ 331 Cummins Npower LLC (Npower)   09/29/14   50%   33   34   73 (5)   COMB   15   7   8   374 Cummins Power South LLC (Power South)   09/29/14   50%   17   16   35 (5)   COMB   7   8   1   239 Cummins Eastern Canada LP (Eastern Canada)   08/04/14   50%   29   32   62 (5)   COMB   18   5   4   228 Cummins Power Systems LLC (Power Systems)   05/05/14   30%   14   —   14   EQUITY   —   —   —   — Cummins Southern Plains LLC (Southern Plains)   03/31/14   50%   43   48   92 (5)   COMB   13   1   11   433 Cummins Mid-South LLC (Mid-South)   02/14/14   62.2%   55   61   118 (5)   COMB   7   4   8   368 2013                                         Cummins Western Canada LP (Western Canada)   12/31/13   35%   $ 32   $ —   $ 32   EQUITY   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ — Cummins Rocky Mountain LLC (Rocky Mountain)   05/06/13   67%   62   74   136   COMB   5   10   8   384 Cummins Northwest LLC (Northwest)   07/01/13   20.01%   4   —   4   EQUITY   —   —   —   — Cummins Northwest LLC (Northwest) (6)   01/31/13   50%   18   —   18   COMB   7   3   2   137 2012                                         Cummins Central Power LLC (Central Power) (7)   07/02/12   45%   $ 26   $ —   $ 26   COMB   $ 7   $ —   $ 4   $ 209 ____________________________________________________ (1)   All results from acquired entities were included in Distribution segment results subsequent to the acquisition date. Previously consolidated entities were accounted for as equity transactions (EQUITY). Newly consolidated entities were accounted for as business combinations (COMB) with gains recognized based on the requirement to remeasure our pre-existing ownership to fair value in accordance with GAAP and are included in the  Consolidated Statements of Income  as "Other income (expense), net." (2)       Intangible assets acquired in business combinations were mostly customer related, the majority of which will be amortized over a period of up to  five years  from the date of the acquisition.  (3)     Sales amounts are not fully incremental to our consolidated sales as the amount would be reduced by the elimination of sales to the previously unconsolidated entity. (4)       Purchase accounting for this acquisition is preliminary awaiting customary adjustment to purchase price in accordance with the purchase agreements. (5)   The "Total Purchase Consideration" represents the total amount that will or is estimated to be paid to complete the acquisition. In some instances a portion of the acquisition payment has not yet been made and will be paid in future periods in accordance with the purchase contract. The total outstanding consideration at December 31, 2014, was  $22 million . (6)     Prior to our decision to acquire the remaining interest in our North American and Canadian distributors, we acquired the remaining ownership interest in Northwest and immediately formed a new partnership with a new distributor principal and sold  20.01 percent  to the new distributor principal. We retained a new ownership in Northwest of  79.99 percent . We subsequently repurchased the remaining outstanding interest under the new contract in July 2013. (7)   After the acquisition, Cummins owned a  79.99 percent  interest in Central Power. 76 Table of Contents The final purchase allocations for the largest acquisitions for 2014 and 2013 were as follows:   In millions   Southern Plains   Mid-South   Rocky Mountain Accounts receivable   $ 63   $ 71   $ 48 Inventory   59   70   100 Fixed assets   47   37   34 Intangible assets   11   8   8 Goodwill   1   4   10 Other current assets   8   10   8 Current liabilities   (53 )   (43 )   (41 ) Other long-term liability   —   (4 )   — Total business valuation   136   153   167 Fair value of pre-existing interest   (44 )   (35 )   (31 ) Total purchase consideration   $ 92   $ 118   $ 136 North American distributor acquisitions excluded from the table were deemed immaterial individually and in the aggregate for additional disclosure. Hilite Germany GmbH In July 2012, we purchased the doser technology and business assets from Hilite Germany GmbH (Hilite) in a cash transaction. Dosers are products that enable compliance with emission standards in certain aftertreatment systems and complement our current product offerings. The purchase price was  $176 million  and is summarized below. There was no contingent consideration associated with this transaction. During 2012, we expensed approximately  $4 million  of acquisition related costs. The acquisition of Hilite was accounted for as a business combination with the results of the acquired entity and the goodwill included in the Components operating segment beginning in the third quarter of 2012. The majority of the purchase price was allocated to technology and customer related intangible assets and goodwill. Intangible assets by asset class, including weighted average amortization life, were as follows: Dollars in millions   Purchase price allocation   Weighted average amortization life in years Technology   $ 52   10.6 Customer   23   4.5 License arrangements   8   6.0 Total intangible assets   $ 83   8.5 The purchase allocation was as follows: In millions     Inventory   $ 5 Fixed assets   5 Intangible assets   83 Goodwill   91 Liabilities   (8 ) Total purchase consideration   $ 176 Net sales for Hilite were  $104 million  for 2012, of which  $46 million  was included in our  Consolidated Statements of Income.  77 Table of Contents NOTE 3.  INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES   Investments in and advances to equity investees and our ownership percentage was as follows:         December 31, In millions   Ownership %   2014   2013 Komatsu alliances   20-50%   $ 160   $ 132 Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd.   50%   136   135 Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd.  (1)   50%   117   103 Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd.   50%   92   67 Cummins-Scania XPI Manufacturing, LLC   50%   85   71 Tata Cummins, Ltd.   50%   57   50 North American distributors  (2)   49-50%   41   114 Other   Various   293   259 Total       $ 981   $ 931 _______________________________________________________________ (1)   Includes both the light-duty and the heavy-duty businesses. (2)  Current ownership percentage of North American distributor investments as of December 31, 2014. Equity, royalty and interest income from investees, net of applicable taxes, was as follows:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Distribution Entities             North American distributors   $ 107   $ 129   $ 147 Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda.   29   25   26 All other distributors   4   1   4 Manufacturing Entities             Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd.   67   63   52 Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd.   51   58   61 Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Light-duty)   28   17   5 Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (Heavy-duty)   (30 )   (21 )   (13 ) All other manufacturers   74   53   65 Cummins share of net income   330   325   347 Royalty and interest income   40   36   37 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   $ 370   $ 361   $ 384 Distribution Entities We have an extensive worldwide distributor and dealer network through which we sell and distribute our products and services. Generally, our distributors are divided by geographic region with some of our distributors being wholly-owned by Cummins, some partially-owned and the majority independently owned. We consolidate all wholly-owned distributors and partially-owned distributors where we are the primary beneficiary and account for other partially-owned distributors using the equity method of accounting. • North American Distributors -  As of December 31, 2014, our distribution channel in North America included   three   unconsolidated partially-owned distributors. Our equity interests in these nonconsolidated entities ranged from   49 percent  to  50 percent . We also had more than a   50 percent  ownership interest in  two   partially owned distributors which we consolidate. While each distributor is a separate legal entity, the business of each is substantially the same as that of our wholly-owned distributors based in other parts of the world. All of our distributors, irrespective of their legal structure or ownership, offer the full range of our products and services to customers and end-users in their respective markets.   • Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. -  Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. is a joint venture with Komatsu America Corporation. The joint venture is a distributor that offers the full range of our products and services to customers and end-users in the Chilean and Peruvian markets.   We also have   50 percent  equity interests in   five  other international distributors.   78 Table of Contents We are contractually obligated to repurchase new engines, parts and components, special tools and signage from our North American distributors following an ownership transfer or termination of the distributor. In addition, in certain cases where we own a partial interest in a distributor, we are obligated to purchase the other equity holders' interests if certain events occur (such as the death or resignation of the distributor principal or a change in control of Cummins Inc.). The purchase consideration of the equity interests is determined based on the fair value of the distributor's assets. Outside of North America, repurchase obligations and practices vary by region. All distributors that are partially-owned are considered to be related parties in our  Consolidated Financial Statements . Manufacturing Entities Our manufacturing joint ventures have generally been formed with customers and generally are intended to allow us to increase our market penetration in geographic regions, reduce capital spending, streamline our supply chain management and develop technologies. Our largest manufacturing joint ventures are based in China and are included in the list below. Our engine manufacturing joint ventures are supplied by our Components segment in the same manner as it supplies our wholly-owned Engine segment and Power Generation segment manufacturing facilities. Our Components segment joint ventures and wholly owned entities provide fuel systems, filtration, aftertreatment systems and turbocharger products that are used in our engines as well as some competitors' products. The results and investments in our joint ventures in which we have  50 percent  or less ownership interest are included in “Equity, royalty and interest income from investees” and “Investments and advances related to equity method investees” in our  Consolidated Statements of Income   and   Consolidated Balance Sheets , respectively.   • Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. -  Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (DCEC) is a joint venture in China with Dongfeng Automotive Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of Dongfeng Motor Corporation (Dongfeng), one of the largest medium-duty and heavy-duty truck manufacturers in China. DCEC produces Cummins  4 - to   13 -liter mechanical engines, full-electric diesel engines, with a power range from  125   to   545   horsepower, and natural gas engines. • Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. -  Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (CCEC) is a joint venture in China with Chongqing Machinery and Electric Co. Ltd. This joint venture manufactures several models of our heavy-duty and high-horsepower diesel engines, primarily serving the industrial and stationary power markets in China. • Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. -  Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. is a joint venture in China with Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd., a commercial vehicle manufacturer, which consists of two distinct lines of business, a light-duty business and a heavy-duty business. The light-duty business produces ISF   2.8 liter   and ISF   3.8 liter  families of our high performance light-duty diesel engines in Beijing. These engines are used in light-duty commercial trucks, pickup trucks, buses, multipurpose and sport utility vehicles with main markets in China, Brazil and Russia. Certain types of marine, small construction equipment and industrial applications are also served by these engine families. The heavy-duty business has been in the development stage for the past several years but started production of ISG  10.5 liter   and ISG   11.8 liter  families of our high performance heavy-duty diesel engines in the second quarter of 2014 in Beijing. These engines are used in heavy-duty commercial trucks in China and will be used in world wide markets. Certain types of construction equipment and industrial applications will also be served by these engine families in the future. 79 Table of Contents Equity Investee Financial Summary We have approximately  $489 million  in our investment account at December 31,  2014 , that represents cumulative undistributed income in our equity investees. Dividends received from our unconsolidated equity investees were  $227 million ,  $271 million  and  $329 million  in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. Summary financial information for our equity investees was as follows:     As of and for the years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Net sales   $ 7,426   $ 7,799   $ 8,296 Gross margin   1,539   1,719   1,870 Net income   630   690   747               Cummins share of net income   $ 330   $ 325   $ 347 Royalty and interest income   40   36   37 Total equity, royalty and interest from investees   $ 370   $ 361   $ 384               Current assets   $ 2,476   $ 2,742     Non-current assets   1,667   1,794     Current liabilities   (1,875 )   (2,090 )     Non-current liabilities   (420 )   (541 )     Net assets   $ 1,848   $ 1,905                   Cummins share of net assets   $ 956   $ 967     NOTE 4.  INCOME TAXES       Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Income before income taxes             U.S. income   $ 1,407   $ 1,058   $ 998 Foreign income   1,027   1,061   1,273 Total   $ 2,434   $ 2,119   $ 2,271 Income tax expense consists of the following:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Current             U.S. federal and state   $ 470   $ 239   $ 118 Foreign   197   192   299 Total current   667   431   417 Deferred             U.S. federal and state   39   67   108 Foreign   (8 )   33   8 Total deferred   31   100   116 Income tax expense   $ 698   $ 531   $ 533 80 Table of Contents A reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective tax rate was as follows:     Years ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012 Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate   35.0  %   35.0  %   35.0  % State income tax, net of federal effect   1.1   0.2   1.0 Differences in rates and taxability of foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures   (5.7 )   (6.0 )   (12.1 ) Research tax credits   (1.5 )   (3.7 )   (0.4 ) Other, net   (0.2 )   (0.4 )   — Effective tax rate   28.7  %   25.1  %   23.5  % Our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent U.S. statutory income tax rate primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. Our effective tax rate for 2014 was  28.7 percent  compared to  25.1 percent  for 2013. The  3.6 percent  increase in the effective tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is partially due to a  1.2 percent  net tax benefit for one-time items in 2013 that did not repeat in 2014. These 2013 one-time items consisted primarily of the 2012 federal research tax credit that was reinstated during 2013. The additional  2.4 percent  increase in tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is attributable primarily to the following unfavorable items that occurred in 2014: a tax law change in the United Kingdom (U.K.) resulting in a higher limitation on the deductibility of interest; unfavorable changes in the jurisdictional mix of pretax income; and increases in state valuation allowances.   Retained earnings of our U.K. domiciled subsidiaries and certain Singapore, German, Indian and Mexican subsidiaries are considered to be permanently reinvested. During 2013, we released  $12 million  of U.S. deferred tax liabilities related to prior years unremitted income of certain Indian and Mexican subsidiaries considered to be permanently reinvested starting in 2013. In addition, earnings of our China operations generated after December 31, 2011, are considered to be permanently reinvested. U.S. deferred tax is not provided on these permanently reinvested earnings. Our permanently reinvested foreign earnings are expected to be used for items such as capital expenditures and to fund joint ventures outside of the U.S. The total permanently reinvested retained earnings and related cumulative translation adjustment balances for these entities were  $3.8 billion ,  $3.1 billion  and  $2.3 billion  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively. These amounts were determined primarily based on book retained earnings balances for these subsidiaries translated at historical rates. The determination of the deferred tax liability related to these retained earnings and cumulative translation adjustment balances which are considered to be permanently reinvested outside the U.S. is not practicable. For our remaining subsidiary companies and joint ventures outside the U.S., we provide for the additional taxes that would be due upon the dividend distribution of the income of those foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures assuming the full utilization of foreign tax credits. Deferred tax liabilities on unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures, including those in China generated in years prior to 2012, were  $204 million  and  $201 million  at December 31,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. We have  $661 million  of retained earnings and related cumulative translation adjustments in our China operations generated prior to December 31, 2011, for which we have provided a U.S. deferred tax liability of  $155 million . We anticipate that these earnings will be distributed to the U.S. within the next  five  years. Income before income taxes included equity income of foreign joint ventures of  $212 million ,  $203 million  and  $192 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. This equity income is recorded net of foreign taxes. Additional U.S. income taxes of  $14 million ,  $13 million  and  $9 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, were provided for the additional U.S. taxes that will ultimately be due upon the distribution of the foreign joint venture equity income. 81 Table of Contents Carryforward tax benefits and the tax effect of temporary differences between financial and tax reporting that give rise to net deferred tax assets were as follows:     December 31, In millions   2014   2013 Deferred tax assets         U.S. state carryforward benefits   $ 124   $ 124 Foreign carryforward benefits   66   63 Employee benefit plans   367   328 Warranty expenses   354   332 Accrued expenses   89   70 Other   45   51 Gross deferred tax assets   1,045   968 Valuation allowance   (144 )   (101 ) Total deferred tax assets   901   867 Deferred tax liabilities         Property, plant and equipment   (329 )   (304 ) Unremitted income of foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures   (204 )   (201 ) Employee benefit plans   (161 )   (158 ) Other   (23 )   (27 ) Total deferred tax liabilities   (717 )   (690 ) Net deferred tax assets   $ 184   $ 177 Our  2014  U.S. carryforward benefits include  $124 million  of state credit and net operating loss carryforward benefits that begin to expire in 2015. Our foreign carryforward benefits include  $66 million  of net operating loss carryforwards that begin to expire in 2015. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the gross deferred tax assets to an amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. The valuation allowance  increase d in  2014  by a net  $43 million  and  increase d in  2013  by a net  $6 million . The valuation allowance is primarily attributable to the uncertainty regarding the realization of a portion of the U.S. state and foreign net operating loss and tax credit carryforward benefits. Prepaid and other current assets include deferred tax assets of  $274 million  and  $232 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. In addition, prepaid and other current assets include refundable income taxes of  $170 million  and  $152 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. Other assets include deferred tax assets of  $40 million  and  $61 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. In addition, other assets include  $24 million  and  $59 million  of long-term refundable income taxes for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. Other liabilities and deferred revenue included deferred tax liabilities of  $130 million  and  $116 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. 82 Table of Contents A reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended  December 31, 2014,   2013  and  2012  was as follows: In millions     Balance at December 31, 2011   $ 86 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year   4 Additions based on tax positions related to the prior years   57 Reductions for tax positions related to prior years   (2 ) Balance at December 31, 2012   145 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year   10 Additions based on tax positions related to the prior years   21 Reductions for tax positions related to prior years   (6 ) Reductions for tax positions relating to lapse of statute of limitations   (1 ) Balance at December 31, 2013   169 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year   8 Additions based on tax positions related to the prior years   5 Reductions for tax positions related to prior years   (2 ) Reductions for tax positions relating to settlements with taxing authorities   (5 ) Reductions for tax positions relating to lapse of statute of limitations   (1 ) Balance at December 31, 2014   $ 174 Included in the December 31,  2014  and  2013 , balances are  $114 million  and  $107 million  related to tax positions that, if recognized, would favorably impact the effective tax rate in future periods. Also, we had accrued interest expense related to the unrecognized tax benefits of  $7 million ,  $3 million  and  $2 million  as of December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. We recognize potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. For the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , we recognized  $4 million ,  $1 million  and  $(3) million  in net interest expense, respectively.  Audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements are subject to significant uncertainty. Although we believe that adequate provision has been made for such issues, there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution of such issues could have an adverse effect on our earnings. Conversely, if these issues are resolved favorably in the future, the related provision would be reduced, thus having a positive impact on earnings. In January  2015 , we resolved tax matters related primarily to certain tax credits that were under examination. We estimate that unrecognized tax benefits will decrease in an amount ranging from  $60 million  to  $70 million  in the first quarter of  2015  due to the resolution of these issues. We expect this resolution to result in a tax benefit ranging from  $10 million  to  $20 million  in the first quarter of  2015 . We do not expect any other significant changes in our unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. As a result of our global operations, we file income tax returns in various jurisdictions including U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. We are routinely subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, France, India, Mexico, the U.K. and the U.S. With few exceptions, our U.S. federal, major state and foreign jurisdictions are no longer subject to income tax assessments for years before  2011 . The U.S. examinations related to tax years 2011-2012 commenced during 2014. 83 Table of Contents NOTE 5.  MARKETABLE SECURITIES   A summary of marketable securities, all of which are classified as current, was as follows:     December 31,     2014   2013 In millions   Cost   Gross unrealized gains/(losses)   Estimated fair value   Cost   Gross unrealized gains/(losses)   Estimated fair value Available-for-sale                         Level 1 (1) (2)                         Equity securities (3)   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 10   $ 13   $ 23 Total Level 1   —   —   —   10   13   23 Level 2 (2) (4)                         Debt mutual funds   75   1   76   99   2   101 Equity mutual funds   9   —   9   —   —   — Bank debentures   6   —   6   2   —   2 Certificates of deposit   —   —   —   22   —   22 Government debt securities   2   —   2   3   (1 )   2 Total Level 2   92   1   93   126   1   127 Total marketable securities   $ 92   $ 1   $ 93   $ 136   $ 14   $ 150 ______________________________________________________ (1)   The fair value of Level 1 securities is estimated primarily by referencing quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.     (2)  We revised 2013 balances to classify  $72 million  as Level 2 assets instead of Level 1. (3)   In the first quarter of 2013, we realized a $9 million gain on the sale of equity securities. (4)   The fair value of Level 2 securities is  estimated primarily using actively quoted prices for similar instruments from brokers and observable inputs, including market transactions and third-party pricing services.  We do not currently have any Level 3 securities, and there were no transfers between Level 2 or 3 during 2014 and 2013.     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). We utilize market data or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. These inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or generally unobservable. We primarily apply the market approach for recurring fair value measurements and utilize the best available information. Accordingly, we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. We are able to classify fair value balances based on the observability of those inputs. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value giving the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). At  December 31, 2014 , we did not have any Level 1 or Level 3 financial assets or liabilities. A description of the valuation techniques and inputs used for our Level 2 fair value measures was as follows:   • Debt mutual funds — Assets in Level 2 consist of exchange traded mutual funds that lack sufficient trading volume to be classified at Level 1. The fair value measure for these investments is the daily net asset value published on a regulated governmental website. Daily quoted prices are available from the issuing brokerage and are used on a test basis to corroborate this Level 2 input.   • Bank debentures and Certificates of deposit — These investments provide us with a fixed rate of return and generally range in maturity from   six months  to  five years . The counter-parties to these investments are reputable financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. Since these instruments are not tradable and must be settled directly by us with the respective financial institution, our fair value measure is the financial institutions’ month-end statement. • Government debt securities-non-U.S. and Corporate debt securities — The fair value measure for these securities are broker quotes received from reputable firms. These securities are infrequently traded on a national stock exchange and these values are used on a test basis to corroborate our Level 2 input measure.   84 Table of Contents The proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities and gross realized gains from the sale of AFS securities were as follows:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities   $ 336   $ 525   $ 585 Gross realized gains from the sale of available-for-sale securities (1)   14   14   3            ____________________________________________________ (1)  Gross realized losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities were immaterial. At  December 31, 2014 , the fair value of available-for-sale investments in debt securities that utilize a Level 2 fair value measure is shown by contractual maturity below: Maturity date (in millions) 1 year or less $ 77 1 - 5 years 6 5 - 10 years 1 Total $ 84 NOTE 6.  INVENTORIES   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Inventories included the following:   December 31, In millions 2014   2013 Finished products $ 1,859   $ 1,487 Work-in-process and raw materials 1,129   1,005 Inventories at FIFO cost 2,988   2,492 Excess of FIFO over LIFO (122 )   (111 ) Total inventories $ 2,866   $ 2,381 NOTE 7.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   Details of our property, plant and equipment balance were as follows:   December 31, In millions 2014   2013 Land and buildings $ 1,822   $ 1,427 Machinery, equipment and fixtures 4,722   4,174 Construction in process  (1) 579   809 Property, plant and equipment, gross 7,123   6,410 Less:  Accumulated depreciation (3,437 )   (3,254 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 3,686   $ 3,156 _______________________________________________ (1)   Construction in process included   $14 million  in  2014  and  $188 million  in  2013   related to our light-duty diesel engine platform.   85 Table of Contents NOTE 8.  GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS   The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31,  2014  and  2013 : In millions Components   Distribution   Power Generation   Engine   Total Balance at December 31, 2012 $ 408   $ 19   $ 12   $ 6   $ 445 Acquisitions —   13   —   —   13 Translation and other 3   (1 )   1   —   3 Balance at December 31, 2013 411   31   13   6   461 Acquisitions —   31   —   —   31 Translation and other (11 )   —   (2 )   —   (13 ) Balance at December 31, 2014 $ 400   $ 62   $ 11   $ 6   $ 479 Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The following table summarizes our other intangible assets with finite useful lives that are subject to amortization:   December 31, In millions 2014   2013 Software $ 472   $ 494 Less:  Accumulated amortization (218 )   (218 ) Net software 254   276 Trademarks, patents and other 164   135 Less:  Accumulated amortization (75 )   (54 ) Net trademarks, patents and other 89   81 Total $ 343   $ 357 Amortization expense for software and other intangibles totaled  $99 million ,  $86 million  and  $64 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. Internal and external software costs (excluding those related to research, re-engineering and training), trademarks and patents are amortized generally over a  3  to  12  year period. The projected amortization expense of our intangible assets, assuming no further acquisitions or dispositions, is as follows: In millions 2015   2016   2017   2018   2019 Projected amortization expense $ 86   $ 75   $ 56   $ 36   $ 25 NOTE 9.  DEBT   Loans Payable Loans payable at December 31,  2014  and  2013  were  $86 million  and  $17 million , respectively, and consisted primarily of notes payable to financial institutions. The weighted-average interest rate for notes payable, bank overdrafts and current maturities of long-term debt at December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , was as follows:   2014   2013   2012 Weighted average interest rate 3.70 %   2.59 %   3.21 % Interest For the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , total interest incurred was  $71 million ,  $48 million  and  $39 million , respectively, and interest capitalized was  $7 million ,  $7 million  and  $7 million , respectively. Revolving Credit Facility On November 9, 2012, we entered into a  five -year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders. The credit agreement provides us with a  $1.75 billion  senior unsecured revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which are to be used for working capital or other general corporate purposes.  In the fourth quarter of 2014, we exercised our option to extend the maturity date of our revolving credit agreement by one year from November 9, 2017, to November 9, 2018.   86 Table of Contents Amounts payable under our revolving credit facility will rank pro rata with all of our unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness. Up to  $200 million  under our credit facility is available for swingline loans denominated in U.S. dollars. Advances under the facility bear interest at (i) a base rate or (ii) a rate equal to the  LIBOR  rate plus an applicable margin based on the credit ratings of our outstanding senior unsecured long-term debt. Based on our current long-term debt ratings, the applicable margin on  LIBOR  rate loans was  0.875 percent  per annum as of December 31,  2014 . Advances under the facility may be prepaid without premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs. The credit agreement includes various covenants, including, among others, maintaining a leverage ratio of no more than  3.25  to 1.0. As of December 31,  2014 , we were in compliance with the covenants. There were no outstanding borrowings under this facility at December 31,  2014 . A reconciliation of the maximum capacity of our revolver to the amount available under the facility was as follows: In millions December 31, 2014 Maximum credit capacity of the revolving credit facility $ 1,750 Less:  Letters of credit against revolving credit facility 24 Amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility $ 1,726 As of December 31,  2014 , we also had  $261 million  available for borrowings under our international and other domestic credit facilities. Borrowings against the other domestic and international short-term facilities were  $86 million  as of December 31,  2014  and  $17 million  at the end of  2013 . Long-term Debt   December 31, In millions 2014   2013 Long-term debt       Senior notes, 3.65%, due 2023 $ 500   $ 500 Debentures, 6.75%, due 2027 58   58 Debentures, 7.125%, due 2028 250   250 Senior notes, 4.875%, due 2043 500   500 Debentures, 5.65%, due 2098 (effective interest rate 7.48%) 165   165 Credit facilities related to consolidated joint ventures 3   92 Other debt 31   65 Unamortized discount (47 )   (48 ) Fair value adjustments due to hedge on indebtedness 65   49 Capital leases 87   92 Total long-term debt 1,612   1,723 Less: Current maturities of long-term debt (23 )   (51 ) Long-term debt $ 1,589   $ 1,672 Principal payments required on long-term debt during the next five years are as follows: In millions 2015   2016   2017   2018   2019 Principal payments $ 23   $ 28   $ 12   $ 16   $ 11 As a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2013. Under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.  87 Table of Contents In September 2013, we issued  $1 billion  aggregate principal amount of senior notes consisting of  $500 million   aggregate principal amount  of  3.65%  senior unsecured notes due in 2023 and  $500 million   aggregate principal amount  of  4.875%  senior unsecured notes due in 2043.   We received net proceeds of  $979 million .  The senior notes pay interest semi-annually on April 1 and October 1, commencing on April 1, 2014. The indenture governing the senior notes contains covenants that, among other matters, limit (i) our ability to consolidate or merge into, or sell, assign, convey, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our and our subsidiaries' assets to another person, (ii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to create or assume liens and (iii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions. Interest on the  6.75%  debentures is payable on February 15 and August 15 each year. Interest on the  $250 million   7.125%  debentures and  $165 million   5.65%  debentures is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year. The debentures are unsecured and are not subject to any sinking fund requirements. We can redeem the  7.125%  debentures and the  5.65%  debentures at any time prior to maturity at the greater of par plus accrued interest or an amount designed to ensure that the debenture holders are not penalized by the early redemption. Our debt agreements contain several restrictive covenants. The most restrictive of these covenants applies to our revolving credit facility which will upon default, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional debt or issue preferred stock, enter into sale-leaseback transactions, sell or create liens on our assets, make investments and merge or consolidate with any other person. In addition, we are subject to a maximum debt-to-EBITDA ratio financial covenant. As of December 31,  2014 , we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our borrowing agreements. Interest Rate Risk   We are exposed to market risk from fluctuations in interest rates. We manage our exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the use of interest rate swaps. The objective of the swaps is to more effectively balance our borrowing costs and interest rate risk.   In February 2014, we settled our November 2005 interest rate swap which previously converted our  $250 million  debt issue, due in 2028, from a fixed rate  to a floating rate based on  LIBOR   spread. We are amortizing the  $52 million  gain realized upon settlement over the remaining  14 -year term of related debt.   Also, in February 2014, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert our September 2013,  $500 million  debt issue, due in 2023, from a fixed rate of  3.65 percent  to a floating rate equal to the  one-month LIBOR   plus a spread.  The terms of the swaps mirror those of the debt, with interest paid semi-annually. The swaps were designated, and will be accounted for, as fair value hedges under GAAP. The gain or loss on these derivative instruments, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in current income as “Interest expense.” The net swap settlements that accrue each period are also reported in interest expense. The following table summarizes these gains and losses for the years presented below:       Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Income Statement Classification   Gain/(Loss) on Swaps   Gain/(Loss) on Borrowings   Gain/(Loss) on Swaps   Gain/(Loss) on Borrowings   Gain/(Loss) on Swaps   Gain/(Loss) on Borrowings Interest expense  (1)   $ 23   $ (19 )   $ (39 )   $ 39   $ 6   $ (6 )  ___________________________________________   (1)   The difference between the gain/(loss) on swaps and borrowings represents hedge ineffectiveness.   Fair Value of Debt     Based on borrowing rates currently available to us for bank loans with similar terms and average maturities, considering our risk premium, the fair value and carrying value of total debt, including current maturities, was as follows:     In millions   December 31, 2014   December 31, 2013 Fair value of total debt (1)   $ 1,993   $ 1,877 Carrying value of total debt   1,698   1,740 ___________________________________________ (1)   The fair value of debt is derived from Level 2 inputs.   88 Table of Contents NOTE 10.  PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY A tabular reconciliation of the product warranty liability, including the deferred revenue related to our extended warranty coverage and accrued recall programs was as follows:       December 31, In millions    2014   2013 Balance, beginning of year   $ 1,129   $ 1,088 Provision for warranties issued   411   431 Deferred revenue on extended warranty contracts sold   263   189 Payments   (404 )   (427 ) Amortization of deferred revenue on extended warranty contracts   (148 )   (115 ) Changes in estimates for pre-existing warranties   41   (35 ) Foreign currency translation   (9 )   (2 ) Balance, end of year   $ 1,283   $ 1,129 Warranty related deferred revenue, supplier recovery receivables and the long-term portion of the warranty liability on our  Consolidated Balance Sheets  were as follows:     December 31,     In millions   2014   2013   Balance Sheet Location Deferred revenue related to extended coverage programs             Current portion   $ 170   $ 145   Deferred revenue Long-term portion   438   349   Other liabilities and deferred revenue Total   $ 608   $ 494     Receivables related to estimated supplier recoveries             Current portion   $ 12   $ 5   Trade and other receivables Long-term portion   4   5   Other assets Total   $ 16   $ 10     Long-term portion of warranty liability   $ 312   $ 275   Other liabilities and deferred revenue NOTE 11.  PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS Pension Plans We sponsor several contributory and noncontributory pension plans covering substantially all employees. Generally, hourly employee pension benefits are earned based on years of service and compensation during active employment while future benefits for salaried employees are determined using a cash balance formula. However, the level of benefits and terms of vesting may vary among plans. Pension plan assets are administered by trustees and are principally invested in fixed income securities and equity securities. It is our policy to make contributions to our various qualified plans in accordance with statutory and contractual funding requirements and any additional contributions we determine are appropriate. Obligations, Assets and Funded Status Benefit obligation balances presented below reflect the projected benefit obligation (PBO) for our pension plans. The changes in the benefit obligations, the various plan assets, the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets  for our significant pension plans were as follows: 89 Table of Contents     Qualified and Non-Qualified Pension Plans     U.S. Plans   U.K. Plans In millions   2014   2013   2014   2013 Change in benefit obligation                 Benefit obligation at the beginning of the year   $ 2,261   $ 2,454   $ 1,429   $ 1,269 Service cost   66   70   24   21 Interest cost   105   93   63   57 Actuarial loss (gain)   301   (193 )   139   96 Benefits paid from fund   (143 )   (150 )   (48 )   (50 ) Benefits paid directly by employer   (11 )   (13 )   —   — Exchange rate changes   —   —   (85 )   37 Other   —   —   —   (1 ) Benefit obligation at end of year   $ 2,579   $ 2,261   $ 1,522   $ 1,429 Change in plan assets                 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year   $ 2,445   $ 2,327   $ 1,516   $ 1,324 Actual return on plan assets   311   168   254   142 Employer contributions   100   100   94   56 Benefits paid   (143 )   (150 )   (48 )   (50 ) Exchange rate changes   —   —   (92 )   44 Fair value of plan assets at end of year   $ 2,713   $ 2,445   $ 1,724   $ 1,516 Funded status (including underfunded and nonfunded plans) at end of year   $ 134   $ 184   $ 202   $ 87 Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets                 Prepaid pensions - long-term assets   $ 435   $ 427   $ 202   $ 87 Accrued compensation, benefits and retirement costs - current liabilities   (12 )   (11 )   —   — Pensions - long-term liabilities   (289 )   (232 )   —   — Net amount recognized   $ 134   $ 184   $ 202   $ 87 Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of:                 Net actuarial loss   $ 611   $ 478   $ 286   $ 361 Prior service credit   (1 )   (1 )   —   — Net amount recognized   $ 610   $ 477   $ 286   $ 361 In addition to the pension plans in the above table, we also maintain less significant defined benefit pension plans primarily in   14   other countries outside of the U.S. and the U.K. that comprise approximately   3 percent  and  5 percent   of our pension plan assets and obligations, respectively.  These plans are reflected in "Other liabilities and deferred revenue" on our  Consolidated Balance Sheets . The following table presents information regarding total accumulated benefit obligation, PBO's and underfunded pension plans that are included in the preceding table:     Qualified and Non-Qualified Pension Plans     U.S. Plans   U.K. Plans In millions   2014   2013   2014   2013 Total accumulated benefit obligation   $ 2,539   $ 2,231   $ 1,402   $ 1,309 Plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets                 Accumulated benefit obligation   261   212   —   — Plans with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets                 Projected benefit obligation   301   243   —   — 90 Table of Contents Components of Net Periodic Pension Cost The following table presents the net periodic pension cost under our plans:     Qualified and Non-Qualified Pension Plans     U.S. Plans   U.K. Plans In millions   2014   2013   2012   2014   2013   2012 Service cost   $ 66   $ 70   $ 58   $ 24   $ 21   $ 21 Interest cost   105   93   103   63   57   59 Expected return on plan assets   (173 )   (167 )   (157 )   (84 )   (72 )   (81 ) Amortization of prior service (credit) cost   (1 )   (1 )   (1 )   —   —   1 Recognized net actuarial loss   31   62   47   26   24   14 Net periodic pension cost   $ 28   $ 57   $ 50   $ 29   $ 30   $ 14 Other changes in benefit obligations and plan assets recognized in other comprehensive income in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  were as follows: In millions   2014   2013   2012 Amortization of prior service (cost) credit   $ 1   $ 1   $ (1 ) Recognized actuarial loss   (57 )   (86 )   (61 ) Incurred prior service cost   —   —   1 Incurred actuarial (gain) loss   133   (168 )   124 Foreign exchange translation adjustments   (18 )   10   16 Total recognized in other comprehensive income   $ 59   $ (243 )   $ 79               Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive income   $ 116   $ (156 )   $ 143 The amount in accumulated other comprehensive loss expected to be recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost during the next fiscal year is a net actuarial loss of  $71 million . Assumptions The table below presents various assumptions used in determining the pension benefit obligation for each year and reflects weighted-average percentages for the various plans as follows:     Qualified and Non-Qualified Pension Plans     U.S. Plans   U.K. Plans     2014   2013   2014   2013 Discount rate   4.07 %   4.83 %   3.80 %   4.60 % Compensation increase rate   4.88 %   4.91 %   4.25 %   4.50 % The table below presents various assumptions used in determining the net periodic pension cost and reflects weighted-average percentages for the various plans as follows:     Qualified and Non-Qualified Pension Plans     U.S. Plans   U.K. Plans     2014   2013   2012   2014   2013   2012 Discount rate   4.83 %   3.97 %   4.82 %   4.60 %   4.70 %   5.20 % Expected return on plan assets   7.50 %   8.00 %   8.00 %   5.80 %   5.80 %   6.50 % Compensation increase rate   4.91 %   4.91 %   4.00 %   4.50 %   4.00 %   4.25 % 91 Table of Contents Plan Assets Our investment policies in the U.S. and U.K. provide for the rebalancing of assets to maintain our long-term strategic asset allocation. We are committed to its long-term strategy and do not attempt to time the market given empirical evidence that asset allocation is more critical than individual asset or investment manager selection. Rebalancing of the assets has and continues to occur. The rebalancing is critical to having the proper weighting of assets to achieve the expected total portfolio returns. We believe that our portfolio is highly diversified and does not have any significant exposure to concentration risk. The plan assets for our defined benefit pension plans do not include any of our common stock. U.S. Plan Assets For the U.S. qualified pension plans, our assumption for the expected return on assets was  7.5 percent  in  2014 . Projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded equity and fixed income indices and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management. We expect additional positive returns from this active investment management. Based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we have elected to continue using our assumption of  7.5 percent  in  2015 . The primary investment objective is to exceed, on a net-of-fee basis, the rate of return of a policy portfolio comprised of the following: Asset Class   Target   Range U.S. equities   9.0 %   +/-5.0% Non-U.S. equities   3.0 %   +/-3.0% Global equities   10.0 %   +/-3.0% Total equities   22.0 %     Real estate   7.0 %   +3.0/-7.0% Private equity   7.0 %   +3.0/-7.0% Fixed income   64.0 %   +/-5.0% Total   100.0 %     The fixed income component is structured to represent a custom bond benchmark that will closely hedge the change in the value of our liabilities. This component is structured in such a way that its benchmark covers approximately  95 percent  of the plan's exposure to changes in its discount rate (AA corporate bond yields). In order to achieve a hedge on more than the targeted  64 percent  of plan assets invested in fixed income securities, our Benefits Policy Committee (BPC) permits the fixed income managers, other managers or the custodian/trustee to utilize derivative securities, as part of a liability driven investment strategy to further reduce the plan's risk of declining interest rates. However, all managers hired to manage assets for the trust are prohibited from using leverage unless specifically discussed with the BPC and approved in their guidelines. U.K. Plan Assets For the U.K. qualified pension plans, our assumption for the expected return on assets was  5.8 percent  in  2014 . The methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the U.K. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. Our strategy with respect to our investments in these assets is to be invested in a suitable mixture of return-seeking assets (equities and real estate) and liability matching assets (bonds) with a long-term outlook. Therefore, the risk and return balance of our U.K. asset portfolio should reflect a long-term horizon. To achieve these objectives we have established the following targets: Asset Class   Target Global equities   25.5 % Real estate   7.5 % Re-insurance   5.0 % Private equity   7.5 % Corporate credit instruments   4.5 % Fixed income   50.0 % Total   100.0 % As part of our strategy in the U.K. we have not prohibited the use of any financial instrument, including derivatives. Based on the above discussion, we have elected to continue using our assumption of  5.8 percent  in  2015 . 92 Table of Contents Fair Value of U.S. Plan Assets The fair values of U.S. pension plan assets by asset category were as follows:     Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2014 In millions   Quoted prices in active  markets for identical assets (Level 1)   Significant other  observable inputs (Level 2)   Significant  unobservable inputs (Level 3)   Total Equities                 U.S.   $ 103   $ 297   $ —   $ 400 Non-U.S.   137   82   —   219 Fixed Income               Government debt   —   886   —   886 Corporate debt               U.S.   —   724   —   724 Non-U.S.   —   87   —   87 Asset/mortgaged backed securities   —   45   —   45 Net cash equivalents (1)   28   2   —   30 Derivative instruments (2)   —   2   —   2 Private equity and real estate (3)   —   —   306   306 Total   $ 268   $ 2,125   $ 306   $ 2,699 Pending trade/purchases/sales               5 Accruals (4)               9 Total               $ 2,713     Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2013 In millions   Quoted prices in active  markets for identical assets (Level 1)  (5)   Significant other  observable inputs (Level 2)  (5)   Significant  unobservable inputs (Level 3)   Total Equities                 U.S.   $ 96   $ 387   $ —   $ 483 Non-U.S.   143   126   —   269 Fixed Income               Government debt   —   780   —   780 Corporate debt               U.S.   —   523   —   523 Non-U.S.   —   64   —   64 Asset/mortgaged backed securities   —   12   —   12 Net cash equivalents (1)   33   3   —   36 Derivative instruments  (2)   —   2   —   2 Private equity and real estate  (3)   —   —   296   296 Total   $ 272   $ 1,897   $ 296   $ 2,465 Pending trade/purchases/sales               (28 ) Accruals (4)               8 Total               $ 2,445 ____________________________________________________ (1) Cash equivalents include commercial paper, short-term government/agency, mortgage and credit instruments.   (2) Derivative instruments include interest rate swaps and credit default swaps.   (3) The instruments in private equity and real estate funds, for which quoted market prices are not available, are valued at their estimated fair value as determined by applicable investment managers or by audited financial statement of the funds.   (4) Interest or dividends that had not been settled as of the year ended December 31.   (5)   We revised 2013 balances to classify  $683 million  as Level 2 assets instead of Level 1. 93 Table of Contents The reconciliation of Level 3 assets was as follows:     Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions   Private Equity   Real Estate   Total Balance at December 31, 2012   $ 156   $ 130   $ 286 Actual return on plan assets             Unrealized (losses) gains on assets still held at the reporting date   20   10   30 Purchases, sales and settlements, net   (23 )   3   (20 ) Balance at December 31, 2013   153   143   296 Actual return on plan assets             Unrealized (losses) gains on assets still held at the reporting date   22   11   33 Purchases, sales and settlements, net   (27 )   4   (23 ) Balance at December 31, 2014   $ 148   $ 158   $ 306 Fair Value of U.K. Plan Assets In July 2012, the U.K. pension plan purchased an insurance contract that will guarantee payment of specified pension liabilities. The contract defers payment for  10 years . This is included in the table below in Level 3 for years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013  at a value of  $462 million  and  $440 million , respectively. The fair values of U.K. pension plan assets by asset category were as follows:     Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2014 In millions   Quoted prices in active  markets for identical assets (Level 1)   Significant other  observable inputs (Level 2)   Significant  unobservable inputs (Level 3)   Total Equities                 U.S.   $ —   $ 153   $ —   $ 153 Non-U.S.   —   399   —   399 Fixed Income                 Corporate debt                 U.S.    —   321   —   321 Non-U.S.   —   158   —   158 Net cash equivalents (1)   24   —   —   24 Re-insurance   —   65   —   65 Private equity, real estate & insurance (2)   —   —   604   604 Total   $ 24   $ 1,096   $ 604   $ 1,724     Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2013 In millions   Quoted prices in active  markets for identical assets (Level 1)   Significant other  observable inputs (Level 2)   Significant  unobservable inputs (Level 3)   Total Equities                 U.S.   $ —   $ 270   $ —   $ 270 Non-U.S.   —   328   —   328 Fixed Income               Government debt   —   120   —   120 Corporate debt non-U.S.    —   138   —   138 Net cash equivalents (1)   13   —   —   13 Derivative instruments (3)   —   24   —   24 Re-insurance   —   66   —   66 Private equity, real estate & insurance (2)   —   —   557   557 Total   $ 13   $ 946   $ 557   $ 1,516 _____________________________________________________ (1)   Cash equivalents include commercial paper, short-term government/agency, mortgage and credit instruments.   94 Table of Contents (2)   The instruments in private equity and real estate funds, for which quoted market prices are not available, are valued at their estimated fair value as determined by applicable investment managers or by audited financial statement of the funds. (3)   Derivative instruments consist of interest rate swaps. The reconciliation of Level 3 assets was as follows:     Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) In millions   Insurance   Real Estate   Private Equity   Total Balance at December 31, 2012   $ 424   $ 34   $ 28   $ 486 Actual return on plan assets                 Unrealized (losses) gains on assets still held at the reporting date   29   2   5   36 Purchases, sales and settlements, net   (13 )   33   15   35 Balance at December 31, 2013   440   69   48   557 Actual return on plan assets                 Unrealized (losses) gains on assets still held at the reporting date   42   (3 )   11   50 Purchases, sales and settlements, net   (20 )   (5 )   22   (3 ) Balance at December 31, 2014   $ 462   $ 61   $ 81   $ 604 Level 3 Assets The investments in an insurance contract, private equity and real estate funds, for which quoted market prices are not available, are valued at their estimated fair value as determined by applicable investment managers or by quarterly financial statements of the funds. These financial statements are audited at least annually. In conjunction with our investment consultant, we monitor the fair value of the insurance contract as periodically reported by our insurer and their counterparty risk. The fair value of all real estate properties, held in the partnerships, are valued at least once per year by an independent professional real estate valuation firm. Fair value generally represents the fund's proportionate share of the net assets of the investment partnerships as reported by the general partners of the underlying partnerships. Some securities with no readily available market are initially valued at cost, utilizing independent professional valuation firms as well as market comparisons with subsequent adjustments to values which reflect either the basis of meaningful third-party transactions in the private market or the fair value deemed appropriate by the general partners of the underlying investment partnerships. In such instances, consideration is also given to the financial condition and operating results of the issuer, the amount that the investment partnerships can reasonably expect to realize upon the sale of the securities and any other factors deemed relevant. The estimated fair values are subject to uncertainty and therefore may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for such investments existed and such differences could be material. Estimated Future Contributions and Benefit Payments We plan to contribute approximately  $175 million  to our defined benefit pension plans in  2015 . The table below presents expected future benefit payments under our pension plans:     Qualified and Non-Qualified Pension Plans In millions   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2020 - 2024 Expected benefit payments   $ 231   $ 232   $ 238   $ 243   $ 247   $ 1,283 Other Pension Plans We also sponsor defined contribution plans for certain hourly and salaried employees. Our contributions to these plans were  $73 million ,  $66 million  and  $74 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . Other Postretirement Benefits Our other postretirement benefit plans provide various health care and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, who retire and satisfy certain age and service requirements, and their dependents. The plans are contributory and contain cost-sharing features such as caps, deductibles, coinsurance and spousal contributions. Employer contributions are limited by formulas in each plan. Retiree contributions for health care benefits are adjusted annually and we reserve the right to change benefits covered under these plans. There were no plan assets for the postretirement benefit plans as our policy is to fund benefits and expenses for these plans as claims and premiums are incurred. 95 Table of Contents Obligations and Funded Status Benefit obligation balances presented below reflect the accumulated postretirement benefit obligations (APBO) for our other postretirement benefit plans. The changes in the benefit obligations, the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets  for our significant other postretirement benefit plans were as follows:  In millions   2014   2013 Change in benefit obligation         Benefit obligation at the beginning of the year   $ 398   $ 478 Interest cost   17   17 Plan participants' contributions   10   10 Actuarial loss (gain)   38   (49 ) Benefits paid directly by employer   (55 )   (58 ) Benefit obligation at end of year   $ 408   $ 398           Funded status at end of year   $ (408 )   $ (398 )           Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets         Accrued compensation, benefits and retirement costs - current liabilities   $ (39 )   $ (42 ) Postretirement benefits other than pensions-long-term liabilities   (369 )   (356 ) Net amount recognized   $ (408 )   $ (398 )           Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of:         Net actuarial loss   $ 65   $ 27 Prior service credit   (5 )   (5 ) Net amount recognized   $ 60   $ 22 In addition to the other postretirement plans in the above table, we also maintain less significant postretirement plans in  four  other countries outside the U.S. that comprise less than  7 percent  of our postretirement obligations. These plans are reflected in "Other liabilities and deferred revenue" in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets . Components of Net Periodic Other Postretirement Benefits Cost The following table presents the net periodic other postretirement benefits cost under our plans: In millions   2014   2013   2012 Interest cost   $ 17   $ 17   $ 21 Amortization of prior service credit   —   —   (5 ) Recognized net actuarial loss   —   6   3 Other   —   —   1 Net periodic other postretirement benefit cost   $ 17   $ 23   $ 20 Other changes in benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  were as follows: In millions   2014   2013   2012 Amortization of prior service credit   $ —   $ —   $ 5 Recognized actuarial loss   —   (6 )   (3 ) Incurred actuarial (gain) loss   38   (49 )   20 Incurred prior service credit   —   —   (4 ) Other   —   —   (1 ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income   $ 38   $ (55 )   $ 17               Total recognized in net periodic other postretirement benefit cost and other comprehensive income   $ 55   $ (32 )   $ 37 96 Table of Contents The amount in accumulated other comprehensive loss expected to be recognized as a component of net periodic other postretirement benefit cost during the next fiscal year is  $5 million . Assumptions The table below presents assumptions used in determining the other postretirement benefit obligation for each year and reflects weighted-average percentages for our other postretirement plans as follows:     2014   2013 Discount rate   3.90 %   4.55 % The table below presents assumptions used in determining the net periodic other postretirement benefits cost and reflects weighted-average percentages for the various plans as follows:     2014   2013   2012 Discount rate   4.55 %   3.70 %   4.70 % Our consolidated other postretirement benefit obligation is determined by application of the terms of health care and life insurance plans, together with relevant actuarial assumptions and health care cost trend rates. For measurement purposes, a  7.00 percent  annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed in  2014 . The rate is assumed to decrease on a linear basis to  5.00 percent  through 2019 and remain at that level thereafter. An increase in the health care cost trends of 1 percent would increase our APBO by  $22 million  as of December 31,  2014  and the net periodic other postretirement benefit cost for  2015  by  $1 million . A decrease in the health care cost trends of 1 percent would decrease our APBO by  $18 million  as of December 31,  2014  and the net periodic other postretirement benefit cost for  2015  by  $1 million . Estimated Benefit Payments The table below presents expected benefit payments under our other postretirement benefit plans: In millions   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2020 - 2024 Expected benefit payments   $ 40   $ 38   $ 36   $ 33   $ 31   $ 134 NOTE 12.  OTHER LIABILITIES AND DEFERRED REVENUE   Other liabilities and deferred revenue included the following:     December 31, In millions   2014   2013 Deferred revenue   $ 513   $ 414 Accrued warranty   312   275 Accrued compensation   215   184 Other long-term liabilities   375   357 Other liabilities and deferred revenue   $ 1,415   $ 1,230 NOTE 13.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES We are subject to numerous lawsuits and claims arising out of the ordinary course of our business, including actions related to product liability; personal injury; the use and performance of our products; warranty matters; patent, trademark or other intellectual property infringement; contractual liability; the conduct of our business; tax reporting in foreign jurisdictions; distributor termination; workplace safety; and environmental matters. We also have been identified as a potentially responsible party at multiple waste disposal sites under U.S. federal and related state environmental statutes and regulations and may have joint and several liability for any investigation and remediation costs incurred with respect to such sites. We have denied liability with respect to many of these lawsuits, claims and proceedings and are vigorously defending such lawsuits, claims and proceedings. We carry various forms of commercial, property and casualty, product liability and other forms of insurance; however, such insurance may not be applicable or adequate to cover the costs associated with a judgment against us with respect to these lawsuits, claims and proceedings. We do not believe that these lawsuits are material individually or in the aggregate. While we believe we have also established adequate accruals for our expected future liability with respect to pending lawsuits, claims and proceedings, where the nature and extent of any such liability can be reasonably estimated based upon then presently available information, there can be no assurance that the final resolution of any existing or future lawsuits,  97 Table of Contents claims or proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.   We conduct significant business operations in Brazil that are subject to the Brazilian federal, state and local labor, social security, tax and customs laws. While we believe we comply with such laws, they are complex, subject to varying interpretations and we are often engaged in litigation regarding the application of these laws to particular circumstances. U.S. Distributor Commitments   Our distribution agreements with independent and partially-owned distributors generally have a renewable   three -year term and are restricted to specified territories. Our distributors develop and maintain a network of dealers with which we have no direct relationship. Our distributors are permitted to sell other, noncompetitive products only with our consent. We license all of our distributors to use our name and logo in connection with the sale and service of our products, with no right to assign or sublicense the trademarks, except to authorized dealers, without our consent. Products are sold to the distributors at standard domestic or international distributor net prices, as applicable. Net prices are wholesale prices we establish to permit our distributors an adequate margin on their sales. Subject to local laws, we can generally refuse to renew these agreements upon expiration or terminate them upon written notice for inadequate sales, change in principal ownership and certain other reasons. Distributors also have the right to terminate the agreements upon   60 -day notice without cause, or  30 -day notice for cause. Upon termination or failure to renew, we are required to purchase the distributor’s current inventory, signage and special tools and may, at our option purchase other assets of the distributor, but are under no obligation to do so. Other Guarantees and Commitments   In addition to the matters discussed above, from time to time we enter into other guarantee arrangements, including guarantees of non-U.S. distributor financings, residual value guarantees on equipment under operating leases and other miscellaneous guarantees of third-party obligations. As of December 31, 2014, the maximum potential loss related to these other guarantees  was  $5 million .     We have arrangements with certain suppliers that require us to purchase minimum volumes or be subject to monetary penalties. The penalty amounts are less than our purchase commitments and essentially allow the supplier to recover their tooling costs in most instances. As of December 31, 2014, if we were to stop purchasing from each of these suppliers, the aggregate amount of the penalty would be approximately  $79 million , of which  $41 million  relates to a contract with an engine parts supplier that extends to 2016. These arrangements enable us to secure critical components. We do not currently anticipate paying any penalties under these contracts. During the second quarter of 2014, we began entering into physical forward contracts with suppliers of platinum and palladium to purchase minimum volumes of the commodities at contractually stated prices for various periods, not to exceed   two  years. As of December 31, 2014, the total commitments under these contracts were  $96 million . These arrangements enable us to fix the prices of these commodities, which otherwise are subject to market volatility.   We have guarantees with certain customers that require us to satisfactorily honor contractual or regulatory obligations, or compensate for monetary losses related to nonperformance. These performance bonds and other performance-related guarantees were   $76 million  and  $66 million  as of December 31,  2014  and  2013 , respectively. Indemnifications Periodically, we enter into various contractual arrangements where we agree to indemnify a third-party against certain types of losses. Common types of indemnities include:   • product liability and license, patent or trademark indemnifications;   • asset sale agreements where we agree to indemnify the purchaser against future environmental exposures related to the asset sold; and   • any contractual agreement where we agree to indemnify the counter-party for losses suffered as a result of a misrepresentation in the contract.   We regularly evaluate the probability of having to incur costs associated with these indemnities and accrue for expected losses that are probable. Because the indemnifications are not related to specified known liabilities and due to their uncertain nature, we are unable to estimate the maximum amount of the potential loss associated with these indemnifications. 98 Table of Contents Leases We lease certain manufacturing equipment, facilities, warehouses, office space and equipment, aircraft and automobiles for varying periods under lease agreements. Most of the leases are non-cancelable operating leases with fixed rental payments, expire over the next  10 years  and contain renewal provisions. Rent expense under these leases was as follows:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Rent expense   $ 195   $ 186   $ 176 The following is a summary of the leased property under capital leases by major classes:     December 31, In millions   2014   2013 Building   $ 105   $ 103 Equipment   98   97 Other   15   16 Less:  Accumulated depreciation   (105 )   (96 ) Total   $ 113   $ 120 Following is a summary of the future minimum lease payments due under capital and operating leases, including leases in our rental business, with terms of more than one year at December 31,  2014 , together with the net present value of the minimum payments due under capital leases: In millions   Capital Leases   Operating Leases 2015   $ 23   $ 152 2016   22   119 2017   13   104 2018   11   81 2019   8   71 After 2019   41   105 Total minimum lease payments   $ 118   $ 632 Interest   (31 )     Present value of net minimum lease payments   $ 87     In addition, we have subleased certain facilities under operating leases to third parties. The future minimum lease payments due from lessees under those arrangements are less than   $2 million   per year for the years 2015 through  2018 . NOTE 14.  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY   Preferred and Preference Stock We are authorized to issue  one million  shares each of zero par value preferred and preference stock with preferred shares being senior to preference shares. We can determine the number of shares of each series, and the rights, preferences and limitations of each series. At December 31,  2014 , there was no preferred or preference stock outstanding. 99 Table of Contents Common Stock Changes in shares of common stock, treasury stock and common stock held in trust for employee benefit plans are as follows: In millions   Common Stock   Treasury Stock   Common Stock Held in Trust Balance at December 31, 2011   222.2   30.2   1.8 Shares acquired   —   2.6   — Shares issued   0.4   (0.2 )   (0.3 ) Other shareholder transactions   (0.2 )   —   — Balance at December 31, 2012   222.4   32.6   1.5 Shares acquired   —   3.3   — Shares issued   0.1   (0.3 )   (0.2 ) Other shareholder transactions   (0.2 )   —   — Balance at December 31, 2013   222.3   35.6   1.3 Shares acquired   —   4.8   — Shares issued   0.1   (0.3 )   (0.2 ) Other shareholder transactions   (0.1 )   —   — Balance at December 31, 2014   222.3   40.1   1.1 Treasury Stock Shares of common stock repurchased by us are recorded at cost as treasury stock and result in a reduction of shareholders' equity in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets . Treasury shares may be reissued as part of our stock-based compensation programs. When shares are reissued, we use the weighted-average cost method for determining cost. The gains between the cost of the shares and the issuance price are added to additional paid-in-capital. The losses are deducted from additional paid-in capital to the extent of the gains. Thereafter, the losses are deducted from retained earnings. Treasury stock activity for the three-year period ended December 31,  2014 , consisting of shares issued and repurchased is presented in our  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity . In December 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the acquisition of up to  $1 billion  of our common stock upon completion of the 2011 repurchase program. In  2014 , quarterly purchases under the repurchase program were as follows: In millions (except per share amounts) For each quarter ended   2014 Shares Purchased   Average Cost Per Share   Total Cost of Repurchases   Remaining Authorized Capacity  (1) December 2012, $1 billion repurchase program                 March 30   3.0   $ 139.70   $ 419   $ 425 June 29   0.1   148.11   11   415 September 28   1.2   139.76   175   240 December 31   0.5   132.66   65   174 Total   4.8   139.12   $ 670   174       ___________________________________________         (1)    The remaining authorized capacity is calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares, but excludes commission expenses according to the Board of Directors authorization.     In July 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2012 repurchase plan. Quarterly Dividends Total dividends paid to common shareholders in  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  were  $512 million ,  $420 million  and  $340 million , respectively. Declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by our Board of Directors, who meet quarterly to consider our dividend payment. We expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations. 100 Table of Contents In July  2014 , the Board of Directors authorized a dividend increase of  25 percent  from  $0.625  per share to  $0.78  per share on a quarterly basis effective in the third quarter. In July  2013 , the Board of Directors authorized a  25 percent  increase to our quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from  $0.50  per share to  $0.625  per share. In July  2012 , the Board of Directors approved a  25 percent  increase to our quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from  $0.40  per share to  $0.50  per share. Cash dividends per share paid to common shareholders for the last three years were as follows:     Quarterly Dividends     2014   2013   2012 First quarter   $ 0.625   $ 0.50   $ 0.40 Second quarter   0.625   0.50   0.40 Third quarter   0.78   0.625   0.50 Fourth quarter   0.78   0.625   0.50 Total   $ 2.81   $ 2.25   $ 1.80 Employee Benefits Trust In 1997, we established the Employee Benefits Trust (EBT) funded with common stock for use in meeting our future obligations under employee benefit and compensation plans. The primary sources of cash for the EBT are dividends received on unallocated shares of our common stock held by the EBT. The EBT may be used to fund matching contributions to employee accounts in the 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (RSP) made in proportion to employee contributions under the terms of the RSP. In addition, we may direct the trustee to sell shares of the EBT on the open market to fund other non-qualified employee benefit plans. Matching contributions charged to income for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  were  $24 million ,  $24 million  and  $27 million , respectively.  101 Table of Contents NOTE 15.  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   Following are the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component: In millions   Change in pensions and other postretirement defined benefit plans   Foreign currency translation adjustment   Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities   Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives   Total attributable to Cummins Inc.   Noncontrolling interests   Total Balance at December 31, 2011   $ (724 )   $ (198 )   $ 4   $ (20 )   $ (938 )         Other comprehensive income before reclassifications                             Before tax amount   (164 )   51   6   16   (91 )   $ (8 )   $ (99 ) Tax (expense) benefit   54   (14 )   (2 )   (4 )   34   —   34 After tax amount   (110 )   37   4   12   (57 )   (8 )   (65 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (1)   40   —   (3 )   8   45   1   46 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)   (70 )   37   1   20   (12 )   $ (7 )   $ (19 ) Balance at December 31, 2012   $ (794 )   $ (161 )   $ 5   $ —   $ (950 )         Other comprehensive income before reclassifications                             Before tax amount   206   (31 )   16   (6 )   185   $ (28 )   $ 157 Tax (expense) benefit   (87 )   13   (9 )   3   (80 )   —   (80 ) After tax amount   119   (18 )   7   (3 )   105   (28 )   77 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (1)(2)   64   —   (5 )   2   61   (1 )   60 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)   183   (18 )   2   (1 )   166   $ (29 )   $ 137 Balance at December 31, 2013   $ (611 )   $ (179 )   $ 7   $ (1 )   $ (784 )         Other comprehensive income before reclassifications                             Before tax amount   (196 )   (241 )   2   2   (433 )   $ (7 )   $ (440 ) Tax (expense) benefit   92   14   (1 )   (1 )   104   —   104 After tax amount   (104 )   (227 )   1   1   (329 )   (7 )   (336 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (1)(2)   46   —   (9 )   (2 )   35   (4 )   31 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss)   (58 )   (227 )   (8 )   (1 )   (294 )   $ (11 )   $ (305 ) Balance at December 31, 2014   $ (669 )   $ (406 )   $ (1 )   $ (2 )   $ (1,078 )         _______________________________________________________________________ (1)   Amounts are net of tax.     (2)   See reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) disclosure below for further details.     102 Table of Contents Following are the items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax effects:   In millions   Years ended December 31,     (Gain)/Loss Components   2014   2013   Statement of Income Location Realized (gain) loss on marketable securities   $ (14 )   $ (13 )   Other income (expense), net Income tax expense   1   7   Income tax expense Net realized (gain) loss on marketable securities   $ (13 )   $ (6 )                   Realized (gain) loss on derivatives             Foreign currency forward contracts   $ (5 )   $ 2   Net sales Commodity swap contracts   2   1   Cost of sales Total before taxes   (3 )   3     Income tax expense (benefit)   1   (1 )   Income tax expense Net realized (gain) loss on derivatives   $ (2 )   $ 2                   Change in pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans             Recognized actuarial loss   $ 63   $ 95   (1)   Total before taxes   63   95     Income tax expense (benefit)   (17 )   (31 )   Income tax expense Net change in pensions and other postretirement defined benefit plans   $ 46   $ 64                   Total reclassifications for the period   $ 31   $ 60     _______________________________________________________________________ (1)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 11, ''PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS'').     NOTE 16.  STOCK INCENTIVE AND STOCK OPTION PLANS In May 2012, our shareholders approved the 2012 Omnibus Plan (the Plan), which replaced and succeeded the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan. The Plan allows for the granting of equity awards covering up to  3.5 million  shares to executives, employees and non-employee directors. Awards available for grant under the Plan include, but are not limited to, stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares and other stock awards. Shares issued under the Plan may be newly issued shares or reissued treasury shares. Stock options are generally granted with a strike price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant and a life of  10  years. Stock options granted in  2014  have a  three -year vesting period whereas stock options granted prior to 2014 had a  two -year vesting period. The strike price may be higher than the fair value of the stock on the date of the grant, but cannot be lower. Compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the vesting period beginning on the grant date. The compensation expense is based on the fair value of each option grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Options granted to employees eligible for retirement under our retirement plan are fully expensed as of the grant date. Stock options are also awarded through the Key Employee Stock Investment Plan (KESIP) which allows certain employees, other than officers, to purchase shares of common stock on an installment basis up to an established credit limit. For every even block of  100  KESIP shares purchased by the employee  50  stock options are granted. The options granted through the KESIP program are considered awards under the Plan and are vested immediately. Compensation expense for stock options granted through the KESIP program is recorded based on the fair value of each option grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Performance shares are granted as target awards and are earned based on our return on equity (ROE) performance. A payout factor has been established ranging from  0  to  200 percent  of the target award based on our actual ROE performance. Shares have a  three -year performance period. Employees leaving the company prior to the end of the  three -year performance period forfeit shares granted to them. The fair value of the award is equal to the average market price, adjusted for the present value of dividends over the vesting period, of our stock on the grant date. Compensation expense is recorded ratably over the period beginning on the grant date until the shares become unrestricted and is based on the amount of the award that is expected to be earned under the plan formula, adjusted each reporting period based on current information. 103 Table of Contents Restricted common stock is awarded from time to time at no cost to certain employees. Participants are entitled to cash dividends and voting rights. Restrictions limit the sale or transfer of the shares during a defined period. Generally,  one-third  of the shares become vested and free from restrictions after  two  years and  one-third  of the shares issued become vested and free from restrictions each year thereafter on the anniversary of the grant date, provided the participant remains an employee. The fair value of the award is equal to the average market price of our stock on the grant date. Compensation expense is determined at the grant date and is recognized over the  four -year restriction period on a straight-line basis. Employee compensation expense (net of estimated forfeitures) related to our share-based plans for the year ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, was approximately  $35 million ,  $34 million  and  $35 million , respectively. The excess tax benefit associated with our share-based plans for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , was  $5 million ,  $13 million  and  $14 million , respectively. The total unrecognized compensation expense (net of estimated forfeitures) related to nonvested awards was approximately  $32 million  at December 31,  2014 , and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of less than  two years . The tables below summarize the activity in the Plan:     Options   Weighted-average Exercise Price   Weighted-average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)   Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions) Balance at December 31, 2011   1,243,037   $ 59.02         Granted   321,945   119.34         Exercised   (241,815 )   31.73         Forfeited   (13,999 )   67.86         Balance at December 31, 2012   1,309,168   78.80         Granted   432,370   112.07         Exercised   (265,528 )   40.48         Forfeited   (13,674 )   105.19         Balance at December 31, 2013   1,462,336   95.35         Granted   350,630   148.98         Exercised   (175,526 )   82.06         Forfeited   (10,716 )   102.56         Balance at December 31, 2014   1,626,724   $ 108.30   7.22   $ 62                   Exercisable, December 31, 2012   785,869   $ 51.40   6.26   $ 44 Exercisable, December 31, 2013   758,936   $ 76.85   5.94   $ 48 Exercisable, December 31, 2014   903,059   $ 92.18   6.05   $ 48 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , was  $49.16 ,  $48.00  and  $54.25 , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , was approximately  $12 million ,  $22 million  and  $19 million , respectively.  104 Table of Contents The weighted-average grant date fair value of performance and restricted shares was as follows:     Performance Shares   Restricted Shares Nonvested   Shares   Weighted-average Fair Value   Shares   Weighted-average Fair Value Balance at December 31, 2011   525,391   $ 62.05   81,845   $ 61.49 Granted   325,590   89.92   3,150   91.68 Vested   (194,484 )   25.46   (22,766 )   52.16 Forfeited   (26,413 )   91.94   —   — Balance at December 31, 2012   630,084   86.49   62,229   66.43 Granted   176,649   106.40   7,506   114.56 Vested   (303,882 )   61.48   (26,901 )   62.03 Forfeited   (26,938 )   85.07   (10,293 )   65.41 Balance at December 31, 2013   475,913   109.93   32,541   81.49 Granted   206,031   130.38   —   — Vested   (207,093 )   107.64   (21,266 )   65.88 Forfeited   (8,158 )   121.18   —   — Balance at December 31, 2014   466,693   $ 119.78   11,275   $ 110.94 The total vesting date fair value of performance shares vested during the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  was  $30 million ,  $35 million  and  $24 million , respectively. The total fair value of restricted shares vested was  $3 million ,  $3 million  and  $3 million  for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:     2014   2013   2012 Expected life (years)   5   5   5 Risk-free interest rate   1.80 %   0.79 %   1.05 % Expected volatility   41.17 %   56.59 %   58.98 % Dividend yield   1.61 %   1.55 %   1.30 % Expected life —The expected life of employee stock options represents the weighted-average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding based upon our historical data. Risk-free interest rate —The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon the observed U.S. treasury security rate appropriate for the expected life of our employee stock options. Expected volatility —The expected volatility assumption is based upon the weighted-average historical daily price changes of our common stock over the most recent period equal to the expected option life of the grant, adjusted for activity which is not expected to occur in the future. Dividend yield —The dividend yield assumption is based on our history and expectation of dividend payouts. NOTE  17 .   NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS   Noncontrolling interests in the equity of consolidated subsidiaries were as follows:     December 31, In millions   2014   2013 Cummins India Ltd.   $ 252   $ 252 Wuxi Cummins Turbo Technologies Co. Ltd.   67   81 Other   25   27 Total   $ 344   $ 360 105 Table of Contents NOTE 18.  EARNINGS PER SHARE   We calculate basic earnings per share (EPS) of common stock by dividing net income attributable to Cummins Inc. by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The calculation of diluted EPS assumes the issuance of common stock for all potentially dilutive share equivalents outstanding. We exclude shares of common stock held in the EBT (see Note  14 , " SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY ") from the calculation of the weighted-average common shares outstanding until those shares are distributed from the EBT to the RSP. Following are the computations for basic and diluted earnings per share:     Years ended December 31, Dollars in millions, except per share amounts   2014   2013   2012 Net income attributable to Cummins Inc.    $ 1,651   $ 1,483   $ 1,645               Weighted-average common shares outstanding             Basic   182,637,568   186,994,382   189,286,821 Dilutive effect of stock compensation awards   441,727   423,459   381,883 Diluted   183,079,295   187,417,841   189,668,704 Earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc.             Basic   $ 9.04   $ 7.93   $ 8.69 Diluted   9.02   7.91   8.67 The weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding for  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  excludes the effect of  165,840 ,  359,641  and  453,893  weighted-average shares, respectively, of common stock options, since such options had an exercise price in excess of the monthly average market value of our common stock during that year. NOTE 19.  OPERATING SEGMENTS Operating segments under GAAP are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Cummins' chief operating decision-maker (CODM) is the Chief Executive Officer.   Our reportable operating segments consist of the following: Engine, Distribution, Components and Power Generation. This reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves . The Engine segment produces engines and parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various industrial markets. Our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, mining, agriculture, marine, oil and gas, rail and military equipment. The Distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various OEMs throughout the world. The Components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers and fuel systems. The Power Generation segment is an integrated provider of power systems, which sells engines, generator sets and alternators. We use segment EBIT (defined as earnings before interest expense, taxes and noncontrolling interests) as a primary basis for the CODM to evaluate the performance of each of our operating segments. Segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments.   The accounting policies of our operating segments are the same as those applied in our  Consolidated Financial Statements .  We prepared the financial results of our operating segments on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which we internally disaggregate financial information to assist in making internal operating decisions. We have allocated certain common costs and expenses, primarily corporate functions, among segments differently than we would for stand-alone financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These include certain costs and expenses of shared services, such as information technology, human resources, legal and finance. We also do not allocate debt-related items, actuarial gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, changes in cash surrender value of corporate owned life insurance or income taxes to individual segments.  Segment EBIT may not be consistent with measures used by other companies. 106 Table of Contents Summarized financial information regarding our reportable operating segments at December 31, is shown in the table below: In millions   Engine   Distribution   Components   Power Generation   Non-segment Items (1)   Total 2014                         External sales   $ 8,437   $ 5,135   $ 3,791   $ 1,858   $ —   $ 19,221 Intersegment sales   2,525   39   1,327   1,038   (4,929 )   — Total sales   10,962   5,174   5,118   2,896   (4,929 )   19,221 Depreciation and amortization (2)   207   86   106   53   —   452 Research, development and engineering expenses   438   9   230   77   —   754 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   147   148   36   39   —   370 Interest income   12   4   4   3   —   23 Segment EBIT   1,225   491 (3)   684   168   (70 )   2,498 Net assets   3,450   2,441   2,152   1,694   —   9,737 Investments and advances to equity investees   468   209   164   140   —   981 Capital expenditures   395   89   162   97   —   743 2013                         External sales   $ 8,270   $ 3,726   $ 3,151   $ 2,154   $ —   $ 17,301 Intersegment sales   1,743   23   1,191   877   (3,834 )   — Total sales   10,013   3,749   4,342   3,031   (3,834 )   17,301 Depreciation and amortization (2)   205   54   96   50   —   405 Research, development and engineering expenses   416   6   218   73   —   713 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   136   165   28   32   —   361 Interest income   16   2   3   6   —   27 Segment EBIT (3)   1,041   388 (3)   527   218   (14 )   2,160 Net assets   4,323   1,637   1,885   1,801   —   9,646 Investments and advances to equity investees   419   262   140   110   —   931 Capital expenditures   372   57   141   106   —   676 2012                         External sales   $ 9,101   $ 3,261   $ 2,809   $ 2,163   $ —   $ 17,334 Intersegment sales   1,632   16   1,203   1,105   (3,956 )   — Total sales   10,733   3,277   4,012   3,268   (3,956 )   17,334 Depreciation and amortization (2)   192   34   82   47   —   355 Research, development and engineering expenses   433   6   213   76   —   728 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees   127   188   29   40   —   384 Interest income   11   2   3   9   —   25 Segment EBIT   1,248   369 (3)   426   285   (25 )   2,303 Net assets   3,373   1,392   1,830   1,582   —   8,177 Investments and advances to equity investees   401   281   127   88   —   897 Capital expenditures   399   62   134   95   —   690 ____________________________________________________ (1)   Includes intersegment sales and profit in inventory eliminations and unallocated corporate expenses. There were no significant unallocated corporate expenses for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and 2013. The year ended December 31, 2012, included a  $20 million  charge ( $12 million  after-tax) related to legal matters. The charge was excluded from segment results as it was not considered in our evaluation of operating results for the year ended December 31, 2012. (2)   Depreciation and amortization as shown on a segment basis excludes the amortization of debt discount and deferred costs that are included in the  Consolidated Statements of Income  as "Interest expense."  The amortization of debt discount and deferred costs were  $3 million ,  $2 million  and  $6 million  for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.   (3)   Distribution segment EBIT included gains on the fair value adjustment resulting from the acquisition of controlling interests in North American distributors of  $73 million ,  $12 million  and  $7 million  for the periods ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively. See Note  2 , " ACQUISITIONS ," for additional information. 107 Table of Contents A reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in the  Consolidated Statements of Income  is shown in the table below:     Years ended December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Total EBIT   $ 2,498   $ 2,160   $ 2,303 Less:  Interest expense   64   41   32 Income before income taxes   $ 2,434   $ 2,119   $ 2,271     December 31, In millions   2014   2013   2012 Net assets for operating segments   $ 9,737   $ 9,646   $ 8,177 Liabilities deducted in arriving at net assets   6,009   5,103   4,913 Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments excluded from net assets   (319 )   (346 )   (977 ) Deferred tax assets not allocated to segments   314   292   410 Debt-related costs not allocated to segments   35   33   25 Total assets   $ 15,776   $ 14,728   $ 12,548 The tables below present certain segment information by geographic area. Net sales attributed to geographic areas were based on the location of the customer. Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, net of depreciation, investments and advances to equity investees and other assets, excluding deferred tax assets, refundable taxes and deferred debt expenses. In millions   Years ended December 31, Net Sales   2014   2013   2012 United States   $ 10,058   $ 8,382   $ 8,107 China   1,446   1,194   1,056 Canada   771   655   642 Brazil   730   882   798 India   546   630   757 Mexico   561   556   692 United Kingdom   479   453   660 Other foreign countries   4,630   4,549   4,622 Total net sales   $ 19,221   $ 17,301   $ 17,334 In millions   December 31, Long-lived assets   2014   2013   2012 United States   $ 2,949   $ 2,606   $ 2,440 China   692   646   589 India   391   330   243 United Kingdom   339   319   339 Brazil   161   172   170 Netherlands   156   138   130 Canada   126   68   69 Mexico   96   87   77 Germany   79   69   49 Korea   34   37   37 Romania   31   27   15 Turkey   30   28   29 Australia   17   18   25 United Arab Emirates   16   15   16 Singapore   13   17   16 France   12   13   13 Other foreign countries   42   34   33 Total long-lived assets   $ 5,184   $ 4,624   $ 4,290 108 Table of Contents Our largest customer is PACCAR Inc. Worldwide sales to this customer were  $2,706 million  in  2014 ,  $2,085 million  in  2013  and  $2,232 million  in  2012 , representing  14 percent ,  12 percent  and  13 percent , respectively, of our consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of consolidated net sales. 109 Table of Contents SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA UNAUDITED     First Quarter   Second Quarter   Third Quarter   Fourth Quarter In millions, except per share amounts   2014 Net sales   $ 4,406   $ 4,835   $ 4,890   $ 5,090 Gross margin  (1)   1,099   1,205   1,284   1,273 Net income attributable to Cummins Inc.   338   446   423   444 Earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc.—basic   $ 1.83   $ 2.44   $ 2.32   $ 2.45 Earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc.—diluted   1.83   2.43   2.32   2.44 Cash dividends per share   0.625   0.625   0.78   0.78 Stock price per share                 High   $ 148.60   $ 161.03   $ 158.25   $ 151.25 Low   122.64   139.01   132.63   124.30     2013 Net sales   $ 3,922   $ 4,525   $ 4,266   $ 4,588 Gross margin  (1)   934   1,128   1,081   1,137 Net income attributable to Cummins Inc.   282   414   355   432 Earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc.—basic  (2)   $ 1.50   $ 2.20   $ 1.91   $ 2.33 Earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc.—diluted   1.49   2.20   1.90   2.32 Cash dividends per share   0.50   0.50   0.625   0.625 Stock price per share                 High   $ 122.54   $ 122.32   $ 136.50   $ 141.39 Low   109.19   103.41   107.51   122.52 ___________________________________________________ (1)   We revised the classification of certain amounts for "Cost of sales" and "Selling, general and administrative expenses" for the first and second quarters of 2014 and all four quarters in 2013. The segment EBIT performance measure is unchanged, however, certain activities that were previously classified in "Selling, general and administrative expenses" are now classified as "Cost of sales". The reclassifications for 2014 were $17 million and $22 million for the first and second quarters, respectively, while the reclassifications for 2013 were $23 million, $25 million, $28 million and $27 million for each sequential quarter, respectively. The revision had no impact on reported net income, cash flows or the balance sheet. See  NOTE 1 , " SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ," to our  Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional detail.     (2)   Earnings per share in each quarter is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during that quarter while earnings per share for the full year is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the year. Thus, the sum of the four quarters earnings per share may not equal the full year earnings per share. At December 31,  2014 , there were approximately  3,731  holders of record of Cummins Inc.'s $2.50 par value common stock. 110 Table of Contents ITEM 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None.  ITEM 9A.    Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31,  2014 , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The information required by Item 9A relating to Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the captions "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" and "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm," respectively, under Item 8. ITEM 9B.    Other Information None. PART III ITEM 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the relevant information under the captions "Corporate Governance," "Election of Directors" and "Other Information—Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in our  2015  Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the end of  2014 . Information regarding our executive officers may be found in Part 1 of this annual report under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant." Except as otherwise specifically incorporated by reference, our Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this annual report. ITEM 11.    Executive Compensation The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the relevant information under the caption "Executive Compensation" in our  2015  Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the end of  2014 . 111 Table of Contents ITEM 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information concerning our equity compensation plans at December 31,  2014 , was as follows: Plan Category   Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1)   Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2)   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders   2,104,692   $ 108.30   2,434,746 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders   —   —   — Total   2,104,692   $ 108.30   2,434,746    ________________________________________________ (1)   The number is comprised of  1,626,724  stock options,  466,693  performance shares and  11,275  restricted shares. Refer to  NOTE 16 , " STOCK INCENTIVE AND STOCK OPTION PLANS ," to the  Consolidated Financial Statements  for a description of how options and shares are awarded. (2)   The weighted-average exercise price relates only to the  1,626,724  stock options. Performance and restricted shares do not have an exercise price and, therefore, are not included in this calculation. The remaining information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the relevant information under the caption "Stock Ownership of Directors, Management and Others" in our  2015  Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the end of  2014 . ITEM 13.    Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the relevant information under the captions "Corporate Governance" and "Other Information—Related Party Transactions" in our  2015  Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the end of  2014 . ITEM 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the relevant information under the caption "Selection of Independent Public Accountants" in our  2015  Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after the end of  2014 . PART IV ITEM 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following  Consolidated Financial Statements  and schedules filed as part of this report can be found in Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data": • Management's Report to Shareholders    • Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    • Consolidated Statements of Income   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012    • Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012    • Consolidated Balance Sheets   at December 31,  2014  and  2013    • Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012    • Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   for the years ended December 31,  2014 ,  2013  and  2012    • Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements • Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) (b) See Exhibit Index at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 112 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. CUMMINS INC. By:   /s/ PATRICK J. WARD   By:   /s/ MARSHA L. HUNT     Patrick J. Ward   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)       Marsha L. Hunt   Vice President—Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)               Date:   February 17, 2015         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signatures   Title   Date /s/ N. THOMAS LINEBARGER   Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   February 17, 2015 N. Thomas Linebarger     /s/ PATRICK J. WARD   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial Officer)   February 17, 2015 Patrick J. Ward     /s/ MARSHA L. HUNT   Vice President—Corporate Controller  (Principal Accounting Officer)   February 17, 2015 Marsha L. Hunt     *       February 17, 2015 Robert J. Bernhard   Director   *       February 17, 2015 Franklin R. Chang-Diaz   Director   *       February 17, 2015 Stephen B. Dobbs   Director   *       February 17, 2015 Robert K. Herdman   Director   *       February 17, 2015 Alexis M. Herman   Director   *       February 17, 2015 William I. Miller   Director   *       February 17, 2015 Georgia R. Nelson   Director   *By: /s/ PATRICK J. WARD   Patrick J. Ward   Attorney-in-fact 113 Table of Contents CUMMINS INC. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No.   Description of Exhibit 3 (a)   Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to Cummins Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 28, 2009). 3 (b)   By-laws, as amended and restated effective as of May 8, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Cummins Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2012). 4 (a)   Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2013, by and between Cummins Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 26, 2013 (Registration Statement No. 333-191189)). 4 (b)   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2013, between Cummins Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on 8-K, filed by Cummins Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2013 (File No. 001-04949)). 4 (c)   Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2013, between Cummins Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on 8-K, filed by Cummins Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2013 (File No. 001-04949)). 10 (a)#   2003 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10 (b)#   Target Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10 (c)#   Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Cummins Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2014). 10 (d)#   Supplemental Life Insurance and Deferred Income Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011). 10 (e)#   Credit Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2012, by and among Cummins Inc., Cummins Ltd., Cummins Power Generation Ltd., Cummins Generator Technologies Limited, certain other subsidiaries referred to therein and the Lenders party thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cummins Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2012). 10 (f)#   Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2014, among Cummins Inc., Cummins Ltd., Cummins Power Generation Ltd., Cummins Generator Technologies Limited, certain other subsidiaries referred to therein, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cummins Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4, 2014). 10 (g)#   Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 10 (h)#   Excess Benefit Retirement Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to Cummins Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2014). 10 (i)#   Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Annex B to Cummins Inc.'s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Schedule 14A on March 27, 2012 (File No. 001-04949)). 10 (j)#   Longer Term Performance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10 (k)#   2006 Executive Retention Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011). 10 (l)#   Senior Executive Target Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(k) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10 (m)#   Senior Executive Longer Term Performance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(l) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10 (n)#   Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10 (o)#   Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(n) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10 (p)#   2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Cummins Inc.'s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Schedule 14A on March 27, 2012 (File No. 001-04949)). 10 (q)#   Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(p) to Cummins Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 10 (r)#   Key Employee Stock Investment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(q) to Cummins Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2014). 12     Calculation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges (filed herewith). 21     Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith). 23     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (filed herewith). 24     Powers of Attorney (filed herewith). 31 (a)   Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31 (b)   Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32     Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 101 .INS   XBRL Instance Document. 114 Table of Contents CUMMINS INC. EXHIBIT INDEX 101 .SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101 .CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101 .DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101 .LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101 .PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. _______________________________________________ #    A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 115 	 
 
 
 
