
 10-K
 1
 afl12311610k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) ý ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2016   or ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the transition period from                to               Commission File Number: 001-07434 Aflac Incorporated (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Georgia   58-1167100 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)       1932 Wynnton Road, Columbus, Georgia   31999 (Address of principal executive offices)   (ZIP Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 706.323.3431 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $.10 Par Value   New York Stock Exchange     Tokyo Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     þ   Yes     ¨   No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.     ¨   Yes     þ   No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.             þ   Yes   ¨   No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     þ   Yes   ¨   No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   Large accelerated filer  þ     Accelerated filer   ¨   Non-accelerated filer  ¨ (Do not check if smaller reporting company   Smaller reporting company   ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   ¨   Yes     þ   No The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of  June 30, 2016 , was  $29,327,044,586 .  The number of shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding at  February 15, 2017 , with $.10 par value, was  401,426,860 .     Documents Incorporated By Reference Certain information contained in the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Company’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on  May 1, 2017 , is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.   Aflac Incorporated Annual Report on Form 10-K For the Year Ended  December 31, 2016   Table of Contents     Page       PART I           Item 1. Business 1       Item 1A. Risk Factors 13       Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27       Item 2. Properties 27       Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28       PART II           Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29       Item 6. Selected Financial Data 32       Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34       Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 70       Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 77       Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 164       Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 164       Item 9B. Other Information 164       PART III           Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 165       Item 11. Executive Compensation 165       Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 165       Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 165       Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 165       PART IV           Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 166     i As used in this report, “we,” “our,” “us” and “Registrant” refer to Aflac Incorporated. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). This report includes certain forward-looking information that is based on current expectations and is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. For details on forward-looking information, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A), Part II, Item 7, of this report. Aflac Incorporated qualifies as a large accelerated filer within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the Exchange Act). Our Internet address is aflac.com. The information on the Company's website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on the Investors portion of our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments thereto as soon as reasonably practicable after those forms have been electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). General Description Aflac Incorporated (the Parent Company) was incorporated in 1973 under the laws of the state of Georgia. Aflac Incorporated is a general business holding company and acts as a management company, overseeing the operations of its subsidiaries by providing management services and making capital available. Its principal business is voluntary supplemental and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac), which operates in the United States (Aflac U.S.) and as a branch in Japan (Aflac Japan). Most of Aflac's policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. Aflac U.S. markets and administers group products through Continental American Insurance Company (CAIC), branded as Aflac Group Insurance. Our insurance operations in the United States and our branch in Japan service the two markets for our insurance business.  On December 2, 2016, we publicly announced that we will pursue the conversion of Aflac Japan from a branch structure to a subsidiary structure, with the subsidiary incorporated as a “Kabushiki Kaisha.” While the branch structure remains an acceptable legal form, the subsidiary structure has emerged as the more prevalent structure for both domestic and foreign companies operating in Japan. In addition, emerging global regulatory standards generally favor the subsidiary structure for foreign insurance and financial service companies. The adoption of this new organizational framework is expected to be tax-neutral and not to have a material impact on the daily operations of either Aflac Japan or Aflac U.S. as a result of this conversion. In addition, we expect to obtain enhanced flexibility in capital management and business development as a result of the conversion. We anticipate completion of the conversion in mid-2018. Aflac offers voluntary insurance policies in Japan and the United States that provide a layer of financial protection against income and asset loss. We continue to diversify our product offerings in both Japan and the United States. Aflac Japan sells voluntary supplemental insurance products, including cancer plans, general medical indemnity plans, medical/sickness riders, care plans, living benefit life plans, ordinary life insurance plans and annuities. Aflac U.S. sells voluntary supplemental insurance products including products designed to protect individuals from depletion of assets (accident, cancer, critical illness/care, hospital indemnity, fixed-benefit dental, and vision care plans) and loss-of-income products (life and short-term disability plans). We are authorized to conduct insurance business in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, several U.S. territories and Japan. Aflac Japan's revenues, including realized gains and losses on its investment portfolio, accounted for  71%  of the Company's total revenues in  2016 , compared with  70%  in  2015  and  72%  in  2014 . The percentage of the Company's total assets attributable to Aflac Japan was  83%  at both  December 31, 2016  and  2015 . Reporting Segments Aflac's insurance business consists of two reporting segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Aflac Japan, which currently operates as a branch of Aflac, is the principal contributor to the Parent Company’s consolidated earnings. The conversion of Aflac Japan to a subsidiary structure is not expected to affect our segment reporting structure. For information on our results of operations and financial information by segment, see MD&A and Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 1 Foreign Currency Translation Aflac Japan’s premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. Claims and most expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and U.S. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. These and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. For information regarding the effect of currency fluctuations on our business, see the Foreign Currency Translation and Market Risks of Financial Instruments - Currency Risk subsections of MD&A and Notes 1 and 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Insurance Premiums The growth of earned premiums is directly affected by the change in premiums in force and by the change in weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rates. Consolidated earned premiums were  $19.2 billion  in  2016 ,  $17.6  billion in  2015 , and  $19.1  billion in  2014 . For additional information on the composition of earned premiums by segment, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. The following table presents the changes in annualized premiums in force for Aflac's insurance business for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Annualized premiums in force, beginning of year $ 19,173   $ 18,894   $ 20,440 New sales, including conversions 2,527   2,484   2,513 Change in unprocessed new sales (46 )   (41 )   13 Premiums lapsed and surrendered (2,102 )   (2,104 )   (2,146 ) Other (351 )   (56 )   (29 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 483   (4 )   (1,897 ) Annualized premiums in force, end of year $ 19,684   $ 19,173   $ 18,894 Japan We translate Aflac Japan's annualized premiums in force into dollars at the respective end-of-period exchange rates. Changes in annualized premiums in force are translated at weighted-average exchange rates. The following table presents the changes in annualized premiums in force for Aflac Japan for the years ended December 31.    In Dollars   In Yen (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 Annualized premiums in force, beginning of year $ 13,413   $ 13,226   $ 14,870   1,617   1,594   1,567 New sales, including conversions 1,045   997   1,080   114   121   115 Change in unprocessed new sales (46 )   (41 )   13   (5 )   (5 )   1 Premiums lapsed and surrendered (623 )   (578 )   (695 )   (68 )   (70 )   (74 ) Other (484 )   (187 )   (145 )   (52 )   (23 )   (15 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 483   (4 )   (1,897 )   0   0   0 Annualized premiums in force, end of year $ 13,788   $ 13,413   $ 13,226   1,606   1,617   1,594 For further information regarding Aflac Japan's financial results and sales, see the Aflac Japan Segment subsection of MD&A in this report. U.S. The following table presents the changes in annualized premiums in force for Aflac U.S. for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Annualized premiums in force, beginning of year   $ 5,760       $ 5,668       $ 5,570   New sales, including conversions   1,482       1,487       1,433   Premiums lapsed   (1,479 )       (1,526 )       (1,451 )   Other   133       131       116   Annualized premiums in force, end of year   $ 5,896       $ 5,760       $ 5,668   2 For further information regarding Aflac's U.S. financial results and sales, see the Aflac U.S. Segment subsection of MD&A in this report. Insurance Products     Aflac Japan   Aflac U.S.     Third Sector Insurance       Cancer       Cancer       Accident       Medical       Short-Term Disability       Income Support       Critical Illness     First Sector Insurance       Hospital Indemnity       Life       Dental         Protection       Vision           Term       Life (Term, Whole)           Whole                 Savings                   Hybrid (WAYS)                   Child Endowment           Japan Aflac Japan's insurance products are designed to help consumers pay for medical and nonmedical costs that are not reimbursed under Japan's national health insurance system. Changes in Japan's economy and an aging population have put increasing pressure on Japan's national health care system. As a result, more costs have been shifted to Japanese consumers, who in turn have become increasingly interested in insurance products that help them manage those costs. Aflac Japan has responded to this consumer need by enhancing existing products and developing new products. The foundation of Aflac Japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, our third sector cancer and medical insurance products. Aflac pioneered the cancer insurance market in Japan in 1974, and we remain the number one provider of cancer insurance in Japan today. Over the years, we’ve customized our cancer insurance product to respond to, and anticipate, the needs of our consumers and the advances in medical treatments. The cancer insurance plans we offer in Japan provide a lump-sum benefit upon initial diagnosis of internal cancer and benefits for treatment received due to internal cancer such as fixed daily benefits for hospitalization, outpatient services and convalescent care, and surgical and terminal care benefits. In September 2014, Aflac Japan introduced New Cancer DAYS, a new cancer insurance product which provides enhanced coverage, including outpatient treatments and multiple cancer occurrence benefits. At the same time, premiums for this product have been lowered for most ages compared to prior plans. In October 2014, Aflac Japan introduced a unique Aflac-branded cancer insurance product for Japan's postal system, Japan Post (see the Distribution - Japan section for background information).  In March 2016, we launched a cancer insurance product that offers protection to customers who have survived cancer. As the number one provider of cancer insurance in Japan, we believe these products further strengthen our brand, and most importantly, provide valuable benefits to consumers who are looking for solutions to manage cancer-related costs.  In early 2002, we introduced EVER, a stand-alone, whole-life medical insurance product which offers a basic level of hospitalization coverage with an affordable premium. Since its initial introduction, we have expanded our suite of EVER product offerings to appeal to specific types of Japanese consumers and achieve greater market penetration. In June 2015, we upgraded our EVER insurance product to include riders to be associated with three critical illnesses (cancer, heart attack, and stroke) to better respond to consumer’s needs for coverage of serious illnesses. These riders provide policyholders with a benefit upon the diagnosis for those three critical illnesses, waiver of premium payment thereafter and unlimited hospital days for such critical illnesses. Gentle EVER, our non-standard medical insurance product, is designed to meet the needs of certain consumers who cannot qualify for our base EVER plan. An upgrade to our Gentle EVER insurance product, released in July 2012, included expanded benefits and an attached advanced medical care rider.   In March 2016, we made revisions to our Gentle EVER insurance product to enhance its alignment with changing customer needs.  3 We believe that the affordable cancer and medical insurance products Aflac Japan provides will continue to be an important part of our product portfolio. Nevertheless, as we continue our long history of product innovation, Aflac Japan's product portfolio has expanded beyond traditional health-related products.  In July 2016, we launched a new third sector product called Income Support Insurance. This product provides fixed-benefit amounts in the event that a policyholder is unable to work due to significant illness or injury and was developed to supplement the disability coverage within Japan’s social security system. This product targets young to middle-aged consumers, and by focusing our efforts on this demographic, we believe we are building relationships that lay the groundwork for the sale of our cancer and medical insurance later in life to the Income Support policyholders. While Aflac Japan continues to offer life insurance and other first sector products, we have decreased sales of first sector savings products, such as WAYS, child endowment and annuities, in 2016 in light of the negative interest-rate environment in Japan. We continue to monitor interest rates and their effects on our first sector business. We believe that the measures taken to date, including lowering assumed interest rates or increasing premiums, are appropriate in response to interest rates and that life insurance continues to provide cross-selling opportunities for our third sector products such as cancer and medical insurance. Some of the life insurance products that we offer in Japan provide death benefits and cash surrender values. These products are available as stand-alone policies and riders, providing a mix of term and whole life coverage. Our WAYS insurance product has features that allow policyholders to convert a portion of their life insurance to medical, nursing care, or fixed annuity benefits at a predetermined age. In November 2016, we lowered the assumed interest rate for WAYS reflecting the continued low interest rate environment, consistent with our desire to de-emphasize first-sector sales and bolster profitability. Also in November 2016, Aflac Japan halted the offering of traditional fixed-income annuities. Aflac Japan's child endowment insurance product offers a death benefit until a child reaches age 18. It also pays a lump-sum benefit at the time of the child's entry into high school, as well as an educational annuity for each of the four years during his or her college education. In January 2017, we increased the premium level of this product reflecting the continued low interest rate environment.  For additional information on Aflac Japan's products and composition of sales, see the Aflac Japan Segment subsection of MD&A in this report. U.S. We design our U.S. insurance products to provide supplemental coverage for people who already have major medical or primary insurance coverage. Most of our U.S. policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. Additionally, we started to market and administer group insurance products in 2009. Our individually issued policies are portable and pay benefits regardless of other insurance. Most products' benefits are paid in cash directly to policyholders; therefore, our customers have the opportunity to use this cash to help with expenses of their choosing. Our individually issued health insurance plans are typically guaranteed-renewable for the lifetime of the policyholder (to age 75 for short-term disability policies).  Aflac U.S. offers short-term disability benefits on both an individual and group basis. In 2013 and 2014, we introduced a completely redesigned group short-term disability product with enhanced benefit options and higher income replacement amounts.  Aflac U.S. offers accident coverage on both an individual and group basis. These policies are designed to protect against losses resulting from accidents. The accident portion of the policy includes lump-sum benefits for accidental death, dismemberment and specific injuries as well as fixed benefits for hospital confinement. In 2015 ,  we introduced a new individual accident plan with new benefits for home modifications, improved wellness benefits and a new benefit that provides an additional payout for injuries related to participations in an organized sporting activity. Aflac U.S. offers coverage for critical care on both an individual and group basis. These policies are designed to protect against losses resulting from critical illnesses such as heart attack, stroke, or cancer. On an individually underwritten basis we offer cancer plans, critical illness plans, and critical care and recovery plans (formerly called specified health event). On a group basis we offer critical illness plans. In 2015, an updated group critical illness plan was introduced that provides benefits for 30 additional conditions in addition to more consumer options.    Aflac U.S. offers hospital indemnity coverage on both an individual and group basis. Our hospital indemnity products provide policyholders fixed dollar benefits triggered by hospitalization due to accident or sickness, or just sickness alone. Indemnity benefits for inpatient and outpatient surgeries, as well as various other diagnostic events, are also available. We also offer a lump sum rider than can be added to our individual accident, short-term disability and hospital indemnity  4 products. This rider, where available, provides a lump sum payment for a range of critical illness events including traumatic brain injury, Type 1 diabetes, advanced Alzheimer’s disease and many more. In January 2016, a new group hospital indemnity plan was introduced that includes 11 new benefits, including telemedicine and health screening. This plan provides flexibility, allowing our clients to personalize their plan designs to complement the underlying medical coverage that is offered to employees.  Aflac U.S. offers additional coverages to those listed above, including dental, vision and life policies. Aflac U.S. offers fixed-benefit dental coverage on both an individual and group basis. Aflac U.S. offers Vision Now SM , an individually issued policy which provides benefits for serious eye health conditions and loss of sight as well as coverage for corrective eye materials and exam benefits. Aflac U.S. also offers term- and whole-life policies on both an individual and group basis.  For additional information on Aflac's U.S. products and composition of sales, see the Aflac U.S. Segment subsection of MD&A in this report. Distribution Channels   Aflac Japan   Aflac U.S.     Individual/ Independent Corporate Agencies   Independent Associates      Affiliated Corporate Agencies   Brokers     Banks       Japan The traditional channels through which we have sold our products consist of individual agents/agencies, independent corporate agencies, and affiliated corporate agencies. The individual agencies and independent corporate agencies that sell our products give us better access to workers at a vast number of small businesses in Japan. Agents' activities are primarily focused on insurance sales, with customer service support provided by the Aflac Contact Center. Affiliated corporate agencies are originally formed when companies establish subsidiary businesses to sell our insurance products to their employees as part of a benefit package, and then expand to sell our products to other parties such as suppliers and customers. These agencies help us reach employees at large worksites, and some of them are also successful in approaching customers outside their business groups. We believe that new agencies will continue to be attracted to Aflac Japan's competitive commissions, attractive products, superior customer service and strong brand image. We have sold our products to employees of banks since our entry into Japan in 1974. However, December 2007 marked the first time it was permissible for banks to sell our type of insurance products to their customers. By the end of  2016 , we had agreements with approximately  90%  of the total number of banks in Japan, to sell our products. We believe we have more banks selling our supplemental health insurance products than any of our competitors. Japanese consumers rely on banks to provide traditional bank services, and also to provide insurance solutions and other services. We believe our long-standing and strong relationships within the Japanese banking sector, along with our strategic preparations, have proven to be an advantage, particularly starting when this channel opened up for our products. Our partnerships throughout the banking sector provide us with a wider demographic of potential customers than we would otherwise have been able to reach, and it also allows banks to expand their product and service offerings to consumers.  In 2005, legislation aimed at privatizing Japan's postal system (Japan Post) was enacted into law. The privatization laws split Japan Post into four operating entities that began operating in October 2007. In 2007, one of these entities selected Aflac Japan as its provider of cancer insurance to be sold through its post offices, and, in 2008, we began selling cancer insurance through these post offices. Japan Post has historically been a popular place for consumers to purchase insurance products. Legislation to reform the postal system passed Japan’s legislature, the Diet, in April 2012 and resulted in the merger of two of the postal operating entities (the one that delivers the mail and the one that runs the post offices) in October 2012. In July 2013, Aflac Japan entered into a new agreement with Japan Post Holdings to further expand the partnership that was established in 2008. At the end of June 2014, Japan Post Insurance (Kampo) received approval from Japan’s primary insurance regulator, the Financial Services Agency (FSA), to enter into an agency contract with Aflac Japan to begin distributing Aflac Japan's cancer insurance products through all of Kampo's 79 directly managed sales offices. Aflac Japan has developed a unique Aflac-branded cancer insurance product for Japan Post and Kampo that was introduced in October 2014. In the fourth quarter of 2014, the number of postal outlets selling our cancer insurance products expanded to approximately 10,000, and beginning in July 2015, Japan Post expanded the number of post offices that offer Aflac's cancer insurance products to more than 20,000 postal outlets. We believe this alliance with Japan Post, which is included in our affiliated corporate agencies distribution channel, has benefited and will further benefit our cancer insurance sales. 5 For additional information on Aflac Japan's distribution, see the Aflac Japan Segment subsection of MD&A in this report. U.S. As of December 31,  2016 , our U.S. sales force was composed of sales associates and brokers who are licensed to sell accident and health insurance. Many are also licensed to sell life insurance.  Sales associates and brokers are independent contractors and are paid commissions based on first-year and renewal premiums from their sales of insurance products. In addition to receiving commissions on personal production, district and regional sales coordinators may also receive override commissions and incentive bonuses.  We believe that changes we made to our career and broker management infrastructure over the last 30 months are laying the foundation for expanded long-term growth opportunities. During 2014, Aflac U.S. implemented tactical initiatives centered around providing competitive compensation to our career agent sales hierarchy and positioning us to more effectively and consistently execute on the U.S. sales strategy across all states. These measures were designed to more effectively link sales management's success to Aflac's success. For example, we enhanced compensation through an incentive bonus for the first level of our sales management, district sales coordinators, who are primarily responsible for selling Aflac products and training new sales associates. Additionally, we eliminated the commission-based position of state sales coordinator. To better manage our state operations, we introduced the new position of market director, effective October 1, 2014. Market directors are salaried with the opportunity to earn sales-related bonuses. We believe these changes have enhanced and will continue to enhance performance management and better align compensation with new business results.  We concentrate on marketing our insurance products at the worksite. This method offers policies to individuals through employment, trade and other associations. Historically, our policies have been individually underwritten with premiums generally paid by the employee. Additionally, Aflac's individual policies are portable, meaning that individuals may retain their full insurance coverage upon separation from employment or such affiliation, generally at the same premium. We collect a major portion of premiums on such sales through payroll deduction or other forms of centralized billing. With our brokerage sales expansion and CAIC, branded as Aflac Group Insurance, we offer group voluntary insurance products desired by many large employers. These products are sold on a group basis and often have some element of guaranteed issue. Worksite marketing enables sales associates and brokers to reach a greater number of prospective policyholders and lowers distribution costs, compared with individually marketed business. Aflac U.S. utilizes dual-channel distribution to market our insurance products to businesses of all sizes. Our career agent channel focuses on marketing Aflac to the small business market, which consists of employers with less than 100 employees. As such, we have aligned our recruiting, training, compensation, marketing and incentives for our career agents to encourage specific activity and sales of individual policies in this market. Our newest channel is the broker channel, which is a sales division of Aflac Group. The broker channel focuses on selling to the mid- and large-case market, which is comprised of employers with more than 100 employees and typically an average size of 1,000 employees or more. Since regional and national brokers have traditionally served the mid- and large-case market, the highly trained and experienced sales professionals of the broker channel are assigned a geographic market to strengthen relationships with the top brokers and sell Aflac products to their clients. As a result, we are represented on more than 80 benefit administration platforms, sometimes referred to as exchanges, of various brokers. For additional information on Aflac's U.S. distribution, see the Aflac U.S. Segment subsection of MD&A in this report. 6 Competition Japan In 1974, Aflac was granted an operating license to sell life insurance in Japan, making Aflac the second non-Japanese life insurance company to gain direct access to the Japanese insurance market. Through 1981, we faced limited competition for cancer insurance policy sales. However, Japan has experienced two periods of deregulation since we entered the market. The first came in the early 1980s, when nine mid-sized insurers, including domestic and foreign companies, were allowed to sell cancer insurance products for the first time. The second period began in 2001 when all life and non-life insurers were allowed to sell stand-alone cancer and medical insurance products as well as other stand-alone health insurance products. As a result, the number of insurance companies offering stand-alone cancer and medical insurance has more than doubled since the market was deregulated in 2001. However, based on our growth of annualized premiums in force and agencies, we do not believe that our market-leading position has been significantly impacted by increased competition. Furthermore, we believe the continued development and maintenance of operating efficiencies will allow us to offer affordable products that appeal to consumers. Aflac is the largest life insurer in Japan in terms of cancer and medical policies in force. As of  December 31, 2016 , we exceeded  24 million  individual policies in force in Japan. Aflac has had substantial success selling cancer policies in Japan, with more than  15 million   cancer policies in force as of  December 31, 2016 . Aflac continued to be the number one seller of cancer insurance policies in Japan throughout  2016 . We believe we will remain a leading provider of cancer insurance coverage in Japan, principally due to our experience in the market, low-cost operations, expansive marketing system (see Distribution - Japan above) and product expertise. We have also experienced substantial success selling medical insurance in Japan. While other companies have recognized the opportunities that we have seen in the medical insurance market and offered new products, we endeavor to make our products stand out for their value to consumers.  U.S. Aflac competes against several voluntary supplemental insurance carriers on a national and regional basis. We believe our policies, premium rates, and sales commissions are competitive by product type. Moreover, we believe that Aflac products are distinct from competitive offerings given our product focus (including features, benefits, and our claims service model), distribution capabilities, and brand awareness. For many companies with which we compete, voluntary supplemental insurance products are sold as a secondary business. A growing number of major medical and life insurance carriers are also entering into the voluntary supplemental insurance market. For Aflac, supplemental insurance products are our primary business and are sold via a distribution network of independent sales associates and brokers (see U.S. Distribution above). Aflac's advertising campaigns have increased our name awareness and understanding by consumers and businesses of the value our products provide. Both private and publicly-traded insurers offer major medical insurance for hospitalization and medical expenses. Much of this insurance is sold on a group basis to accounts that are both fully and self-insured. The federal and state governments also pay substantial costs of medical treatment through various programs. Major medical insurance generally covers a substantial portion of the medical expenses incurred by an insured. Aflac policies are designed to provide coverage that supplements major medical insurance by paying cash directly to the policyholder to use for expenses their major medical insurance is not designed to cover. Thus, we do not compete directly with major medical insurers except those who sell supplemental insurance products as a secondary business. Any reduction of coverage, increase in employee participation costs, or increased deductibles and copayments by major medical commercial or government insurance carriers could favorably affect our business opportunities. Since the implementation of the Affordable Care Act (ACA)   beginning in 2010, some employers have shifted a larger burden of the cost of care to their employees, primarily through increases in premiums, copays, and/or deductibles. Since Aflac products provide an additional level of financial protection for policyholders, we believe the increased financial exposure some employees may face creates a favorable opportunity for our products. However, given the profitability erosion some major medical carriers are facing in their core lines of business, we have seen a more competitive landscape as they seek entry into Aflac's supplemental product segments in an effort to offset this impact. One Day Pay SM  is a claims initiative that we have introduced at Aflac U.S. to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day. We believe that along with our brand and relevant products, this claims practice has helped Aflac stand out from competitors. 7 Investments and Investment Results Net investment income was  $3.3 billion  in  2016 ,  $3.1 billion  in  2015  and  $3.3 billion  in  2014 . The increase in the reported net investment income in U.S. dollar terms for 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to   translation of yen-denominated income. In 2016, we continued to address the challenge of investing in this low-interest-rate environment by increasing our allocation to higher yielding asset classes, while still adhering to our strategic asset allocation. For further information on our investments and investment results, see the Insurance Operations and Analysis of Financial Condition sections of MD&A and Notes 3, 4 and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Regulation Japan The financial and business affairs of Aflac Japan are subject to examination by Japan's FSA. Aflac Japan files annual reports and financial statements for the Japanese insurance operations based on a March 31 fiscal year end, prepared in accordance with Japanese regulatory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the FSA. Japanese regulatory basis earnings are determined using accounting principles that differ materially from U.S. GAAP. For example, under Japanese regulatory accounting practices, policy acquisition costs are expensed immediately; policy benefit and claim reserving methods and assumptions are different; premium income is recognized on a cash basis; different consolidation criteria apply to variable interest entities (VIEs); different accounting applies to reinsurance; and investments can have a separate accounting classification and treatment referred to as policy reserve matching bonds (PRM). Capital and surplus of Aflac Japan, based on Japanese regulatory accounting practices, was  $5.6 billion  at  December 31, 2016 , compared with  $4.7 billion  at  December 31, 2015 .  The FSA maintains a solvency standard, which is used by Japanese regulators to monitor the financial strength of insurance companies. As of  December 31, 2016 , Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio (SMR) was  945% , compared with  828%  at  December 31, 2015 . Aflac Japan's SMR is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread and foreign exchange rate changes. In 2015, Aflac Japan made additional investments in yen-denominated public equity securities and in 2016 invested in U.S. dollar-denominated public equity securities, thereby adding sensitivity to equity market fluctuations. See the Capital Resources and Liquidity Section of MD&A for a discussion of measures we have taken to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's SMR.  We typically repatriate a portion of Aflac Japan's accumulated earnings, as determined on a Japanese regulatory accounting basis, to Aflac U.S. provided that Aflac Japan has adequately protected policyholders' interests as measured by its SMR. The FSA may not allow profit repatriations to Aflac U.S. if the transfers would cause Aflac Japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of Japanese policyholders. In the near term, we do not expect these requirements to adversely affect the funds available for profit repatriations, nor do we expect these requirements to adversely affect the funds available for payments of allocated expenses to Aflac U.S. and management fees to the Parent Company. Upon conversion of Aflac Japan to a subsidiary structure, which we anticipate completing in mid-2018, the new subsidiary will distribute dividends instead of internal profit repatriation. Such dividends will be subject to permitted dividend capacity under the Japan Company Law. The Japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection corporation that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. For additional information regarding the policyholder protection fund, see the Policyholder Protection subsection of MD&A in this report. In June 2013, a revision to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act established a post-funded Orderly Resolution Regime for financial institutions to prevent a financial crisis in the event of a financial institution’s failure. This regime came into effect in March 2014 and has not had, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the Company's operations in Japan. As a branch of our principal insurance subsidiary, Aflac Japan is also subject to regulation and supervision in the United States (see U.S. Regulation below). For additional information regarding Aflac Japan's operations and regulations, see the Aflac Japan Segment subsection of MD&A and Notes 2 and 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 8 U.S. General The Parent Company and its insurance subsidiaries, Aflac (a Nebraska-domiciled insurance company), American Family Life Assurance Company of New York (Aflac New York, a New York-domiciled insurance company) and CAIC (redomiciled from South Carolina to Nebraska effective December 2016) are subject to state regulations in the United States as an insurance holding company system. Such regulations generally provide that transactions between companies within the holding company system must be fair and equitable. In addition, transfers of assets among such affiliated companies, certain dividend payments from insurance subsidiaries, and material transactions between companies within the system, including management fees, loans and advances are subject to prior notice to, or approval by, state regulatory authorities. These laws generally require, among other things, the insurance holding company and each insurance company directly owned by the holding company to register with the insurance departments of their respective domiciliary states and to furnish annually financial and other information about the operations of companies within the holding company system. Like all U.S. insurance companies, Aflac is subject to regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which it does business. In general, the insurance laws of the various jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers relating to, among other things: • granting and revoking licenses to transact business • regulating trade and claims practices • licensing of insurance agents and brokers • approval of policy forms and premium rates • standards of solvency and maintenance of specified policy benefit reserves and minimum loss ratio requirements • capital requirements • limitations on dividends to shareholders • the nature of and limitations on investments • deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders • filing of financial statements prepared in accordance with statutory insurance accounting practices prescribed or permitted by regulatory authorities • periodic examinations of the market conduct, financial, and other affairs of insurance companies The insurance laws of Nebraska that govern Aflac's activities provide that the acquisition or change of “control” of a domestic insurer or of any person that controls a domestic insurer cannot be consummated without the prior approval of the Nebraska Department of Insurance. A person seeking to acquire control, directly or indirectly, of a domestic insurance company or of any person controlling a domestic insurance company (in the case of Aflac, the Parent Company) must generally file with the Nebraska Department of Insurance (NDOI) an application for change of control containing certain information required by statute and published regulations and provide a copy to Aflac. In Nebraska, control is generally presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, acquires 10% or more of an insurance company or of any other person or entity controlling the insurance company. The 10% presumption is not conclusive and control may be found to exist at less than 10%. Similar laws apply in New York, the domiciliary jurisdiction of the Parent Company's Aflac New York insurance subsidiary. State insurance departments conduct periodic examinations of the books and records, financial reporting, policy filings and market conduct of insurance companies domiciled in their states, generally once every three to five years. Examinations are generally carried out in cooperation with the insurance departments of other states under guidelines promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC). In 2016, full-scope, risk-focused financial examinations were conducted by the NDOI, New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), and the South Carolina Department of Insurance (SCDOI) on their state domiciled insurance entities American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus, American Family Life Assurance Company of New York, and Continental American Insurance Company, respectively. The NDOI and NYDFS exams covered a four-year period ending December 31, 2015, whereas the SCDOI exam covered a five-year period ending December 31, 2015. There were no material findings contained in the NDOI and SCDOI final exam report. The exam report from the NYDFS has not been finalized as of January 2017. The NAIC continually reviews regulatory matters ,  such as risk-based capital (RBC) modernization and principles-based reserving, and recommends changes and revisions for adoption by state legislators and insurance departments. The NAIC uses a risk-based capital formula relating to insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk to  9 facilitate identification by insurance regulators of inadequately capitalized insurance companies based upon the types and mix of risk inherent in the insurer's operations. The formulas for determining the amount of risk-based capital specify various weighting factors that are applied to financial balances or various levels of activity based on the perceived degree of risk. Regulatory compliance is determined by a ratio of a company's regulatory total adjusted capital to its authorized control level risk-based capital as defined by the NAIC. Companies below specific trigger points or ratios are classified within certain levels, each of which requires specified corrective action. The levels are company action, regulatory action, authorized control, and mandatory control. Aflac's NAIC risk-based capital ratio remains high and reflects a very strong capital and surplus position. As of  December 31, 2016 , based on year-end statutory accounting results, Aflac's company action level RBC ratio was  894% . Under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, we are subject to assessments, based on the share of business we write in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. In the United States, some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. The Company's policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile's statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. In most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction. For additional information regarding state insurance guaranty assessments, see the U.S. Regulatory Environment subsection of MD&A in this report. Reform Legislation Federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas, including health care reform legislation, financial services reform legislation, securities regulation, pension regulation, privacy, tort reform legislation and taxation, can significantly and adversely affect insurance companies. For example, the ACA, federal health care reform legislation, gave the U.S. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance. The reform included major changes to the U.S. health care insurance marketplace. Among other changes, the reform legislation included an individual medical insurance coverage mandate, provided for penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, created health insurance exchanges, and addressed coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. It also imposed an excise tax on certain high cost plans, known as the “Cadillac tax,” that is currently scheduled to begin in 2020. The legislation also included changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. At this time it is unclear whether implementation of the ACA will continue. While the ACA was enacted in 2010, the major elements of the law became effective on January 1, 2014. We believe that the ACA, as enacted, does not require material changes in the design of our insurance products. However, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations. Dodd-Frank Act Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations issued thereunder, in particular rules to require central clearing and collateral for certain types of derivatives, may have an impact on Aflac's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of Aflac Japan. In 2015 and 2016, six U.S. financial regulators, including the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), issued final rules that impose greater obligations on swap dealers regarding uncleared swaps with certain counterparties, such as Aflac. Such rules, as well as similar regulations in Europe, become effective on March 1, 2017 and may result in more stringent collateral requirements or affect other aspects of Aflac's derivatives activity.  The Dodd-Frank Act also established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) under the U.S. Treasury Department to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance. Traditionally, U.S. insurance companies have been regulated primarily by state insurance departments. In December 2013, the FIO released a report entitled "How To Modernize And Improve The System Of Insurance Regulation In The United States." The report was required by the Dodd-Frank Act, and included 18 recommended areas of near-term reform for the states, including addressing capital adequacy and safety/soundness issues, reform of insurer resolution practices, and reform of marketplace regulation. The report also listed nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation. Some of the recommendations outlined in the FIO report released in December 2013 have been implemented. The National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers Reform Act, signed into law in January 2015, simplifies the agent and broker licensing process across state lines. The FIO has also engaged with the supervisory colleges to monitor financial stability and identify regulatory gaps for large national and internationally active insurers. In the 115th Congress, several proposals have been introduced to reform the Dodd-Frank Act, including proposals to limit or repeal the Financial Stability Oversight Council's (the Council) ability to designate nonbank financial companies as  10 Systemically Important Financial Institutions (SIFI), eliminate the FIO, and increase Congressional oversight of the regulation issuing process.  The new presidential administration in the United States and Congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, such proposals will have on our U.S. business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further Information For further information concerning Aflac U.S. operations, regulation, change of control and dividend restrictions, see the Aflac U.S. Segment subsection of MD&A and Notes 2 and 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Other Operations Our other operations include the Parent Company, results of reinsurance retrocession activities, and a printing subsidiary. For additional information on our other operations, see the Other Operations subsection of MD&A and Note 8 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Employees As of  December 31, 2016 , Aflac Japan had  4,958  employees, Aflac U.S. had  4,944  employees, and our other operations had  310  employees.  11 Executive Officers of the Registrant NAME PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION (1) AGE Daniel P. Amos Chairman, Aflac Incorporated and Aflac, since 2001; Chief Executive Officer, Aflac Incorporated and Aflac, since 1990 65       Paul S. Amos II President, Aflac, since 2007; Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Operations, Aflac, from 2006 until 2013 41       Koji Ariyoshi Executive Vice President, Director of Sales and Marketing, Aflac Japan, since 2012 63             Kriss Cloninger III President, Aflac Incorporated, since 2001; Chief Financial Officer, Aflac Incorporated and Aflac, from 1992 until 2015; Treasurer, Aflac Incorporated, from 2001 until 2015; Executive Vice President, Aflac, since 1993 69       Frederick J. Crawford Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Aflac Incorporated, since 2015; Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, CNO Financial Group from 2012 until 2015; Executive Vice President, Head of Investment and Corporate Development, Lincoln Financial Group from  2010 until 2012 53       J. Todd Daniels Executive Vice President, Chief Actuary, Aflac Incorporated, since 2016; Global Chief Risk Officer, Aflac Incorporated, since 2016; Senior Vice President, Chief Actuary, Aflac, from 2015 until 2016; Global Chief Risk Officer, Aflac, from 2014 until 2016; Senior Vice President, Deputy Corporate Actuary, Aflac, from 2012 until 2014; Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, Aflac, from 2011 until 2012     46       June Howard Chief Accounting Officer, Aflac Incorporated and Aflac, since 2010; Senior Vice President, Financial Services, Aflac Incorporated and Aflac, since 2010;  Treasurer, Aflac, from 2011 until 2015 50       Kenneth S. Janke Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance and Development, Treasurer, Aflac Incorporated  and Aflac , since 2015; Executive Vice President, Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Aflac Incorporated, from 2010 until 2015; President, Aflac U.S., from 2013 until 2014 58       Eric M. Kirsch Executive Vice President, Global Chief Investment Officer, Aflac, since 2012; First Senior Vice President, Global Chief Investment Officer, Aflac, from 2011 until 2012 56       Charles D. Lake II President, Aflac International, since 2014; Chairman, Aflac Japan, since 2008 55       Audrey B. Tillman Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Aflac Incorporated and Aflac, since 2014; Executive Vice President, Corporate Services, Aflac Incorporated, from 2008 until 2014 52       Teresa L. White President, Aflac U.S., since 2014; Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac, from 2013 until 2014; Executive Vice President, Chief Service Officer, Aflac, from 2012 until 2013; Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, Aflac, from 2008 until 2013 50       Robin Y. Wilkey Senior Vice President, Investor and Rating Agency Relations, Aflac Incorporated, since 2010 58       Hiroshi Yamauchi President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan, since 2015; Executive Vice President, Aflac Japan, from 2012 until 2014 65 (1) Unless specifically noted, the respective executive officer has held the occupation(s) set forth in the table for at least the last five years. Each executive officer is appointed annually by the board of directors and serves until his or her successor is chosen and qualified, or until his or her death, resignation or removal.        12 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We face a wide range of risks, and our continued success depends on our ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage our enterprise risk exposures. Readers should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Form 10-K. These risks and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this document or made by the Company elsewhere, such as in earnings release webcasts, investor conference presentations or press releases. The risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, there could be a material impact on the Company. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on our investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm our business.  Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally, including in our two primary operating markets of the United States and Japan. Weak global financial markets impact the value of our existing investment portfolio, influence opportunities for new investments, and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on our operating activities.  In recent years, global capital markets have been severely impacted by several major events. The financial crisis that began in the latter part of 2008 saw dramatic declines in investment values and weak economic conditions as the global financial system came under extreme pressure. Although U.S. markets began recovering in late 2009 and 2010, Europe continued to struggle under a severely weakened banking system and investor concerns with sovereign debt levels. Following a period of unprecedented intervention by governments and central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve and European Central Bank (ECB), financial conditions improved from the dire conditions of the global financial crisis, global recession, and European debt crisis. Recently, global markets have experienced materially higher levels of market volatility due to concerns including changes in the market’s perception of global growth, additional ECB intervention, a British exit from the European Union (EU) (Brexit), uncertainty surrounding Japan’s continued recovery amidst assorted policy changes, significant declines in global commodity prices including oil, divergent monetary policies in the United States versus many other developed economies, a newly elected U.S. president, and heightened concerns surrounding the Chinese economy. As we hold a significant amount of fixed maturity and perpetual securities issued by borrowers located in many different parts of the world, including a large portion issued by banks and financial institutions, sovereigns, and other corporate borrowers in the United States and Europe, our financial results are directly influenced by global financial markets. A retrenchment of the recent improvements in overall capital market health could adversely affect our financial condition, including our capital position and our overall profitability. Market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades. Following the election of Shinzo Abe as Prime Minister of Japan in December 2012, the new administration adopted a new set of financial measures to stimulate the Japanese economy, including imposing negative interest rates on excess bank reserves. In a December 2014 snap-election, the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) won a landslide victory, further strengthening Mr. Abe's ability to implement economic reform and address key policy challenges. The Japanese financial markets reacted with even lower rates on Japanese Government bonds, large increases in Japanese equity market values, and a weakening of the yen relative to the U.S. dollar. More recently, as the Bank of Japan (BoJ) has signaled to hold its policy rate at zero, the Japan Government Bond (JGB) yield curve has steepened producing higher rates on longer maturity Japanese Government bonds.  Japan is the largest market for our products and we own substantial holdings in JGBs. Government actions to stimulate the economy affect the value of our existing holdings, our reinvestment rate on new investments in JGBs or other yen denominated assets, and consumer behavior relative to our suite of products. The additional government debt from fiscal stimulus actions could contribute to a weakening of the Japan sovereign credit profile and result in further rating downgrades at the credit rating agencies. This could lead to additional volatility in Japanese capital and currency markets. 13 Our investment portfolio owns sizeable credit positions in many other geographic areas of the world including the Middle East, Latin America, Asia, and other emerging markets. Deterioration in their underlying economies, sovereign credit worthiness, or financial market conditions could negatively impact our financial position.  While we have continued to add floating rate investments to our investment portfolio, most of our investment portfolio holdings are income-producing bonds that provide a fixed level of income. Many of our investments were made at the relatively low level of interest rates prevailing the last several years. Any increase in the market yields of our holdings due to an increase in interest rates could create substantial unrealized losses in our portfolio, as discussed further in a separate risk factor in this section of the Form 10-K.  We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, dividends on our common stock, interest on our debt and liabilities. For a further description of our liquidity needs, including maturing indebtedness, see Item 7 of this Form 10-K - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Resources and Liquidity. In the event our current resources do not meet our needs, we may need to seek additional financing. Our access to additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry and our credit rating.  Should investors become concerned with any of our investment holdings, including the concentration in JGBs, our access to market sources of funding could be negatively impacted. There is a possibility that lenders or debt investors may also become concerned if we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn or there are further adverse economic trends in the United States or Japan, specifically, or generally in developed markets. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. See more information on recent rating actions later in this Risk Factors section. Broad economic factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, indirectly, the amount and profitability of our business. In an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. This adverse effect could be particularly significant for companies such as ours that distribute supplemental, discretionary insurance products primarily through the worksite in the event that economic conditions result in a decrease in the number of new hires and total employees. Adverse changes in the economy could potentially lead our customers to be less inclined to purchase supplemental insurance coverage or to decide to cancel or modify existing insurance coverage, which could adversely affect our premium revenue, results of operations and financial condition. We are unable to predict the course of the current recoveries in global financial markets or the recurrence, duration or severity of disruptions in such markets. We are exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We have substantial investment portfolios that support our policy liabilities. Low levels of interest rates on investments, such as those recently experienced in Japan and the United States, have reduced the level of investment income earned by the Company. Our overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted in a persistent low-interest-rate environment. While we generally seek to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports, we may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of our assets relative to our liabilities. Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the ability to invest future cash flows to support the interest rate assumption made at the time our products were priced and the related reserving assumptions were established. A sustained decline in interest rates could hinder our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our products at the time they were sold and issued. Due to low interest rates, our ability to earn the returns we expect may also influence our ability to develop and price attractive new products and could impact our overall sales levels. Our first sector products are more interest rate sensitive than third sector products. The recent negative interest rate imposed by the Bank of Japan on excess bank reserves could have a negative impact on the distribution and pricing of these products. A rise in interest rates could improve our ability to earn higher rates of return on future investments, as well as floating rate investments held in our investment portfolio. However, an increase in the differential of short-term U.S. and Japan interest rates would increase the cost of hedging a portion of the U.S. dollar-denominated assets in the Aflac Japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 14 Changes in interest rates have a direct impact on the fair values of fixed securities in our investment portfolio; however, they do not have a direct impact on the related valuation of the corresponding liabilities. Prolonged periods of low interest rates, as have been experienced in recent years, heighten the risk of future increases in interest rates because an increasing proportion of our investment portfolio includes investments that bear lower rates of return than the embedded book yield of the investment portfolio. A rise in interest rates could decrease the fair value of our debt and perpetual securities. Some of the insurance products that Aflac sells in the United States and Japan provide cash surrender values. A rise in interest rates could trigger significant policy lapsation which might require the Company to sell investment assets and recognize unrealized losses. This situation is commonly referred to as disintermediation risk. We generally invest our assets to match the duration and cash flow characteristics of our policy liabilities, and therefore would not expect to realize most of these gains or losses, however, our risk is that unforeseen events or economic conditions, such as changes in interest rates resulting from governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, and other factors beyond our control will reduce the effectiveness of this strategy. These events or economic conditions could either cause us to dispose of some or all of these investments prior to their maturity, or increase the risk that the issuers of these securities may default or may require impairment, which could result in our having to recognize such gains or losses. Rising interest rates also negatively impact the SMR since unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investment portfolio factor into the ratio. For regulatory accounting purposes for Aflac Japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, negatively impacting Aflac Japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.  Further, interest rate risk is still an inherent portfolio, business and capital risk for us, and significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, changes in unrealized positions, and liquidity. For more information regarding interest rate risk, see the Interest Rate Risk subsection within the Market Risks of Financial Instruments section of MD&A in this report. Our concentration of business in Japan poses risks to our operations. Our operations in Japan, including realized gains and losses on Aflac Japan's investment portfolio, accounted for  71%  of our total revenues for  2016 , compared with  70%  in  2015  and 72% in  2014 . The Japanese operations accounted for  83%  of our total assets at both  December 31, 2016  and  2015 .  Further, because of the concentration of our business in Japan and our need for long-dated yen-denominated assets, we have a substantial concentration of JGBs in our investment portfolio. As such we have material exposure to the Japanese economy, geo-political climate, political regime, and other factors that generally determine a country's creditworthiness. Specifically, the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations  ( NRSROs, or "rating agencies"),  credit rating agencies registered with the SEC, have placed increased scrutiny on JGBs, which are a significant component of the Company’s overall investment portfolio, resulting in downgrades as discussed later in this Risk Factors section. The NAIC is also considering changes to investment risk factors. Any negative developments by the NRSROs or NAIC in these areas could result in increased capital requirements for the Company. We seek to match the investment currency and interest rate risk to our yen liabilities. The low level of interest rates available on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on our overall net investment income. A large portion of the cash available for reinvestment each year is deployed in yen-denominated instruments and subject to the low level of yen interest rates. Any potential deterioration in Japan ' s credit quality, market access, the overall economy of Japan, or Japanese market volatility could adversely impact the business of Aflac in general and specifically Aflac Japan and our related results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate. Due to the size of Aflac Japan, where our functional currency is the Japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported financial position and results of operations. Aflac Japan's premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. Claims and most expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and U.S. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to  15 support yen-denominated policy liabilities. These and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported financial position and results of operations. In periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. When the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported. Any unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. As a result, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current year results in relation to the prior year, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current year results in relation to the prior year. In addition, the weakening of the yen relative to the dollar will generally adversely affect the value of our yen-denominated investments in dollar terms. Foreign currency translation also impacts the computation of our risk-based capital ratio because Aflac Japan is consolidated in our U.S. statutory filings due to its status as a branch. Our required capital, as determined by the application of risk factors to our assets and liabilities, is proportionately more sensitive to changes in the exchange rate than our total adjusted capital. As a result, when the yen strengthens relative to the dollar, our RBC and SMR is suppressed. We engage in certain foreign currency hedging activities for the purpose of hedging the yen exposure to our net investment in our branch operations in Japan. These hedging activities are limited in scope and we cannot provide assurance that these activities will be effective.  Aflac Japan is exposed to further foreign exchange risk through its investment in unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated securities. When the yen strengthens, the unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated investments will experience unrealized foreign exchange losses, negatively impacting SMR. For regulatory accounting purposes for Aflac Japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate and could negatively impact Aflac Japan's earnings and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment. Additionally, we are exposed to economic currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into dollars, resulting in an increase or decrease in our earnings when exchange gains or losses are realized. This primarily occurs when we repatriate funds from Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S., but it also has an impact when yen cash is converted to U.S. dollars for investment into U.S. dollar-denominated assets (as described above). The exchange rates prevailing at the time of repatriation may differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. We engage in foreign currency hedging activities to mitigate the exposure to this foreign exchange risk. For more information regarding foreign currency risk, see the Currency Risk subsection within the Market Risks of Financial Instruments section of MD&A in this report. Failure to execute or implement the conversion of the Japan branch to a legal subsidiary could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial position. The implementation of the Japan Branch conversion to a legal subsidiary is a complex undertaking and involves a number of risks, including additional costs, information technology-related delays and problems, personnel loss, regulatory law changes, legal and regulatory requirements, changes to our operations, and management distraction. Many aspects of these transactions are subject to regulatory approvals from a number of different jurisdictions. We may not obtain needed regulatory approvals in the timeframe anticipated or at all, which could delay or prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of this transaction. Changes to regulatory laws before the completion of the transaction could result in significant costs or reduction in capital. The transaction or the related regulatory approvals may entail modifications of certain aspects of our operations, which could result in additional costs or reduce net earnings. Any of these risks, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. We attempt to match both the duration and currency of our assets with our liabilities. This is very difficult for Aflac Japan due to the lack of available long-dated yen-denominated fixed income instruments.  Prior to the financial crisis of 2008, the Company was focused on investing cash flows in JGBs, which had relatively low yields, and utilizing private placement and perpetual securities to gain additional yield, extend the duration of the investment portfolio, and maintain yen exposure. Given call activity, with respect to certain of the Company's legacy private placement investments, the Company has recently added a modest amount of yen-denominated private placements to its investment portfolio. The investment in private placements and legacy perpetual securities carries risk associated with illiquidity, which is managed and monitored by the Company.  16 Starting in 2012, Aflac Japan augmented its investment strategy to include U.S. dollar-denominated investments which could then be hedged back to yen. Initially this program focused on public investment-grade bonds but has evolved over time to include U.S. dollar-denominated investment-grade commercial mortgage loans and infrastructure debt, high yield bonds, loan receivables and U.S. equity securities. As of  December 31, 2016 , Aflac Japan held approximately  $22.4 billion  in U.S. dollar-denominated investments, at amortized cost, and approximately  $16.0 billion  of notional in foreign currency forwards and options to hedge principal currency risk. We plan to continue adding other instruments denominated in U.S. dollars, including floating rate investments, to improve the portfolio diversification and/or return profile. Some of the U.S. dollar-denominated asset classes that we anticipate adding have less liquidity than investment-grade corporate bonds. These strategies will continue to increase our exposure to U.S. interest rates, credit spreads and other risks. We have increased foreign exchange risk exposure as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying U.S. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. These risks can significantly impact the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. If future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, our financial results would be adversely affected. We establish and carry, as a liability, reserves based on estimates of how much will be required to pay for future benefits and claims. We calculate these reserves using various assumptions and estimates, including premiums we will receive over the assumed life of the policy; the timing, frequency and severity of the events covered by the insurance policy; and the investment returns on the assets we purchase with a portion of our net cash flow from operations. These assumptions and estimates are inherently uncertain. Accordingly, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that we will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level we assume prior to payment of benefits or claims. If our actual experience is different from our assumptions or estimates, our reserves may prove inadequate. As a result, we would incur a charge to earnings in the period in which we determine such a shortfall exists, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The success of our business depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. Our business depends in large part on our technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and our business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. Some of our information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards (including adequate business continuity procedures). We are in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing our business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge our complex integrated environment. Our success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient manner. If we do not maintain the effectiveness of our systems, our operations and reputation could be adversely affected and we could be exposed to litigation as well as to regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties. The effect that governmental actions for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets will have on such markets generally, or on us specifically, is difficult to determine at this time. In response to the severity of the global financial crisis, numerous regulatory and governmental actions were taken to address weakness in the banking system, volatility in capital market conditions, and to stimulate the global economy.  In the United States, this included aggressive expansionary monetary policy actions by the Federal Reserve, including conventional measures such as reducing the Federal Funds rate to near zero, and less conventional measures such as multiple rounds of quantitative easing. The result of the actions of the Federal Reserve was to keep interest rates, as measured by the U.S. Treasury curve and other relevant market rates, at very low levels for an extended period of time in an attempt to stimulate the economy.  As the U.S. economy has continued to improve, the Federal Reserve has reduced the amount of monetary stimulus. The actions previously taken by the Federal Reserve, and the amounts involved, are unprecedented. As such, there exist considerable risks associated with the amount of monetary stimulus provided and its withdrawal. These risks could include heightened inflation, increased volatility of interest rates, significantly higher interest rates, and overall increased volatility in the fair value of investment securities. These factors could negatively impact our business by reducing the value of our existing portfolio, negatively impacting our opportunities for new investments as market volatility increases, increasing the risk of depressed bond valuations or defaults in our credit portfolio, increasing the costs to hedge certain  17 dollar holdings into yen, and reducing the demand for our products should the broader economy be negatively impacted by withdrawal of monetary stimulus. The financial crisis also resulted in new government regulation, including the Dodd-Frank Act. This significant legislation, intended to reduce risk of another crisis, contains multiple provisions that could impact our business as rules are finalized and implemented. While it is difficult to isolate the impact of Dodd Frank from other government and central bank actions and general market conditions since the financial crisis, we believe that the Dodd-Frank Act, in particular bank capital requirements, limits on proprietary trading and derivatives regulation, has affected the value of our holdings in banks and other financial institutions, and impacted pricing, liquidity, and our general ability to conduct financial and capital market transactions. The process of implementing the Dodd-Frank Act is ongoing and continues to involve additional rulemaking from time to time. The new presidential administration in the United States and Congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, the Dodd-Frank Act will have on our U.S. business, financial condition, or results of operations ,  particularly given the election of a new U.S. president in November 2016. As the effects of the financial crisis continue to linger, other central banks around the world have followed the actions of the Federal Reserve and taken unprecedented actions. In the case of the ECB, multiple actions were taken to mitigate the European sovereign and banking crisis, and to stimulate the economies throughout the Eurozone. The Bank of Japan has undertaken monetary policy actions designed to stimulate the Japanese economy. These governmental interventions are still being deployed in the form of extremely low short-term interest rates and asset purchases, and thus may continue to support an environment of historically low or negative interest rates in the near to medium term. There can be no assurance as to the effect that these governmental actions, other governmental actions taken in the future, or the ceasing of these governmental actions will have on the financial markets generally, the economies in which we operate, our competitive position, or our business and financial condition. Interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm our business. We depend heavily on our telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data we use to run our businesses and service our customers. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond our control. Despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our information technology and other systems could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches or other cyber-attacks, resulting in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers, or in the misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary information. Although the minor data leakage issues we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by us or others, could delay or disrupt our ability to do business and service our customers, harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, the costs to address or remediate system interruptions or security threats and vulnerabilities, whether before or after an incident, could be significant. While we continue to invest in the infrastructure of our data security programs, we have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other computer-related penetrations. We operate in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes. We operate in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. These factors require us to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors. We also face the potential of competition from existing or new companies in the United States and Japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry but some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than we do. Failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate our products and services can affect our ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business. Further, as employers and brokers are increasingly requesting a full-suite of products from one insurance provider, a failure to react and adapt to these demands could result in decreased sales or market share. Similarly, a failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous  18 investment in our technology could result in lower revenues and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could adversely affect our operating results. If we fail to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that our third-party service providers and business associates who access, store, process or transmit sensitive patient information maintain its security, integrity, confidentiality and availability, our reputation and business operations could be materially adversely affected. The collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by our businesses are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. These laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. Various state laws address the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data to the extent they are more restrictive than those contained in the privacy and security provisions in the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLBA) and in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). HIPAA also requires that we impose privacy and security requirements on our business associates (as such term is defined in the HIPAA regulations).   With regard to personal  information obtained from policyholders, the  insured, or others, Aflac Japan is regulated in Japan by the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI) and guidelines issued by FSA and other governmental authorities. Even though we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts and perform information security risk assessments of our third-party service providers and business associates, we still have limited control over their actions and practices. In addition, despite the security measures we have in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws and rules, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. The U.S. Congress and many states are considering new privacy and security requirements that would apply to our business. Compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on our business models, the development of new administrative processes, and the effects of potential noncompliance by our business associates. They also may impose further restrictions on our collection, disclosure and use of patient identifiable data that are housed in one or more of our administrative databases. Noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, theft or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential member information, whether by us or by one of our third parties, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations, including: material fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; consent orders regarding our privacy and security practices; adverse actions against our licenses to do business; and injunctive relief. In addition, under Japanese laws and regulations, including the APPI, if a leak or loss of personal information by Aflac Japan or its business associates should occur, depending on factors such as the volume of personal data involved and the likelihood of other secondary damage, Aflac Japan may be required to file reports to the FSA; issue public releases explaining such incident to the public; or become subject to an FSA business improvement order, which could pose a risk to our reputation. Extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth. Aflac's insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of governmental authorities, including state insurance regulators, the SEC, the NAIC, the FIO, the FSA and Ministry of Finance (MOF) in Japan, the U.S. Department of Justice, state attorneys general,  the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and  the U.S. Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude. In addition, proposals regarding the global regulation of insurance are under discussion. Consequently, we are subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may not result in compliance with another regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. There is also a risk that any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may change over time to our detriment. In addition, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of an issue changing, cause us to change our views regarding the actions we need to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective, thus necessitating changes to our practices that may, in some cases, limit our ability to grow or otherwise negatively impact the profitability of our business.  19 The primary purpose of insurance company regulatory supervision is the protection of insurance policyholders, rather than investors. The extent of regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes in the United States and by the FSA and the MOF in Japan. These systems of supervision and regulation cover, among other things:  • standards of establishing and setting premium rates and the approval thereof • standards of minimum capital and reserve requirements and solvency margins, including risk-based capital measures • restrictions on, limitations on and required approval of certain transactions between our insurance subsidiaries and their affiliates, including management fee arrangements • restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments • restrictions on the types of terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance policies offered by our primary insurance operations • limitations on the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can pay or foreign profits that can be repatriated • the existence and licensing status of a company under circumstances where it is not writing new or renewal business • certain required methods of accounting • reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes • assignment of residual market business and potential assessments for the provision of funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance companies • administrative practices requirements • imposition of fines and other sanctions Regulatory authorities periodically re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. This risk is particularly relevant in 2017 as a new presidential administration begins in the United States which has expressed interest in making significant changes in specific areas of the regulatory landscape in the United States. Various forms of federal oversight and regulation of insurance were signed into law by the prior administration. For example, the ACA gave the U.S. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance and made significant changes to the U.S. health care insurance marketplace, including the imposition of an individual medical insurance coverage mandate, penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, the creation of health insurance exchanges, and proscriptions regarding coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. The legislation also includes changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. These changes, directed toward major medical health insurance coverage that Aflac does not offer, may or may not continue to be implemented over the next several years in light of the commencement of a new U.S. presidential administration in January 2017. We believe that the ACA, as currently in force, will not require us to materially change the design of our insurance products. However, indirect consequences of the continuation, modification or partial or full repeal of the legislation and regulations could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations.  The process of implementing the Dodd-Frank Act is ongoing and continues to involve additional rulemaking from time to time. The new presidential administration in the United States and Congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, the Dodd-Frank Act will have on our U.S. business, financial condition, or results of operations ,  particularly given the election of a new U.S. president in November 2016. Changes in domestic or foreign tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes and reduce our earnings. Additionally, global budget deficits make it likely that governments’ need for additional revenue will result in future tax proposals that will increase our effective tax rate. However, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on our earnings both in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions, particularly in light of the election of a new U.S. president in November 2016. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 20 Defaults, downgrades, widening credit spreads or other events impairing the value of the fixed maturity securities, perpetual securities and loan receivables in our investment portfolio may reduce our earnings and capital position. We are subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed maturity securities, perpetual securities and loan receivables we own may default on principal or interest. A significant portion of our portfolio represents an unsecured obligation of the issuer, including some that are subordinated to other debt in the issuer’s capital structure. In these cases, many factors can influence the overall creditworthiness of the issuer and ultimately its ability to service and repay our holdings. This can include changes in the global economy, the company's assets, strategy, or management, shifts in the dynamics of the industries in which they compete, their access to additional funding, and the overall health of the credit markets. Factors unique to our securities including contractual protections such as financial covenants or relative position in the issuer's capital structure also influence the value of our holdings. Most of our investments carry a rating by one or more of the NRSROs. Any change in the rating agencies' approach to evaluating credit and assigning an opinion could negatively impact the fair value of our portfolio. We employ a team of credit analysts to monitor the creditworthiness of the issuers in our portfolio. Any credit-related declines in the fair value of positions held in our portfolio we believe are not temporary in nature will negatively impact our net income and capital position through impairment and other credit related losses. These losses would also affect our solvency ratios in the United States and Japan. Aflac Japan has certain regulatory accounting requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by credit-related losses, which may be different from U.S. GAAP and statutory requirements. These impairment losses could negatively impact Aflac Japan's earnings, and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment. We are also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to our positions could deteriorate. These instruments may include senior secured first lien loans, such as commercial mortgage loans, bank loans, middle market loans, and loan-backed securities where the underlying loan or collateral notes may default on principal, interest, or other payments, causing an adverse change in cash flows to the positions held in our investment portfolio.  Our portfolio includes holdings of perpetual securities. Most of these are issued by global banks and financial institutions. Following the financial crisis, rating agencies reviewed and, in most cases, modified the rating criteria for financial institutions. This has caused multiple downgrades of many bank and financial issuers, but perpetual securities have been more negatively impacted as their lower position in the capital structure represents relatively more risk than other more senior obligations of the issuer. Further downgrades or default of issuers of securities we own will have a negative impact on our portfolio and could reduce our earnings and capital. We are exposed to sovereign credit risk through instruments issued directly by governments and government entities as well as banks and other institutions that rely in part on the strength of the underlying government for their credit quality. In addition to the United States and Japan, many governments, especially in Europe, have been subject to rating downgrades due to the need for fiscal and budgetary remediation and structural reforms, reduced economic activity, and investment needed to support banks or other systemically important entities. Additional downgrades or default of our sovereign issuers will have a negative impact on our portfolio and could reduce our earnings and capital. In addition to our exposure to the underlying fundamental credit strength of the issuers of our fixed maturity and perpetual securities and the underlying risk of default, we are also exposed to the general movement in credit market spreads. A widening of credit spreads could reduce the value of our existing portfolio, create unrealized losses on our investment portfolio, and reduce our adjusted capital position which is used in determining the SMR in Japan. This widening of credit spreads could, however, increase the net investment income on new credit investments. Conversely, a tightening of credit spreads could increase the value of our existing portfolio and create unrealized gains on our investment portfolio. This tightening of credit spreads could also reduce the net investment income available to us on new credit investments. Increased market volatility also makes it difficult to value certain of our investment holdings (see the Critical Accounting Estimates section in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis, of this Form 10-K).  As a result of the large decline in oil prices in early 2016 and subsequent price volatility, there has been heightened attention to certain investments in the various energy sectors. Our portfolio includes holdings diversified across multiple sub-sectors of the oil and gas industry, spread among multiple geographies. 21 As of December 31, 2016, the weighted-average rating of our total fixed maturity securities energy exposure was BBB, and  88%  of our exposure to the oil and gas industry was investment grade. Market volatility surrounding these issuers could lead to increased negative ratings activity from the public rating agencies for energy credit issuers. We do not currently expect our investments in the energy sector to have a material impact on our results of operations. For more information regarding credit risk, see the Market Risks of Financial Instruments - Credit Risk subsection of Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis, of this Form 10-K. Sales of our products and services are dependent on our ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates in the United States. Our sales could be adversely affected if our sales networks deteriorate or if we do not adequately provide support, training and education for our existing network. Competition exists for sales associates with demonstrated ability. We compete with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of our products, compensation, support services and financial rating. An inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates could have a material adverse effect on sales and our results of operations and financial condition. Our sales associates are independent contractors and may sell products of our competitors. If our competitors offer products that are more attractive than ours, or pay higher commissions than we do, these sales associates may concentrate their efforts on selling our competitors' products instead of ours. In addition to our commissioned sales force, Aflac has expanded its sales leadership team to include a salaried sales force of over 175 market directors and broker sales professionals. Our ability to attract and retain top talent in these salaried roles has a material impact on our sales success. A decline in the creditworthiness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. We have exposure to and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker dealers, derivative counterparties, commercial banks and other institutions.  We use derivative instruments to mitigate various risks associated with our investment portfolio, notes payable, and profit repatriation. We enter into a variety of agreements involving assorted instruments including foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currency options, foreign currency and interest rate swaps, and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions). To provide additional alternatives to increase our overall portfolio yield while managing our overall currency risk, starting in 2012, we have invested a significant portion of the investable cash flow generated by Aflac Japan into U.S. dollar-denominated investments and hedged these investments to yen through the use of currency forward and option contracts. The derivative forward and option contracts are of a shorter maturity than the hedged investments, which creates roll-over risks within the hedging program. Due to changes in market environments, there is a risk the hedges become ineffective and lose the corresponding hedge accounting treatment. At  December 31, 2016 , we held foreign currency forwards and options of approximately  $16.0 billion  of notional associated with Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated investments referenced above, foreign currency swaps of  $3.7 billion  of notional associated with our notes payable, and foreign currency forwards and options of approximately  $1.1 billion  of notional used to economically hedge profit repatriation. The Company ' s increased use of derivatives has increased our financial exposure to derivative counterparties. To mitigate counterparty exposure, we have established internal limits based on counterparties' credit ratings. Our internal limits include deposit and derivative exposure that we monitor on a daily basis. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under derivative instruments, our hedges of the risks will be ineffective.  We engage in derivative transactions directly with unaffiliated third parties under International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) agreements and other documentation. Most of the ISDA agreements also include Credit Support Annexes (CSAs) provisions, which generally provide for two-way collateral postings at the first dollar of exposure. We mitigate the risk that counterparties to transactions might be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value while generally requiring that collateral be posted at the outset of the transaction. In addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of Aflac’s financial strength rating. The actual amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. If the Company is required to post collateral to support derivative contracts and/or pay cash to settle the contracts at maturity, the Company's liquidity could be strained.  Further, we have agreements with various financial institutions for the distribution of our insurance products. For example, at  December 31, 2016 , we had agreements with  372  banks to market Aflac's products in Japan. Sales through  22 these banks represented  8.9%  of Aflac Japan's new annualized premium sales in  2016 . Any material adverse effect on these or other financial institutions could also have an adverse effect on our sales. The Company has entered into significant reinsurance transactions with large, highly rated counterparties. Negative events or developments affecting any one of these counterparties could have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. All of these risks related to exposure to other financial institutions could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. As a holding company, the Parent Company depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock. The Parent Company is a holding company and has no direct operations or significant assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Because we conduct our operations through our operating subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock. Aflac is domiciled in Nebraska and is subject to insurance regulations that impose certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by Aflac to the Parent Company. The Nebraska insurance statutes require prior approval for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. In addition, the Nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. In addition, the FSA may not allow profit repatriations or other transfers from Aflac Japan if they would cause Aflac Japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of Japanese policyholders. The ability of Aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the Parent Company could also be constrained by our dependence on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies. Our ratings from these agencies depend to a large extent on Aflac's capitalization level. Any inability of Aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the Parent Company could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that the earnings from, or other available assets of, our operating subsidiaries will be sufficient to make distributions to enable us to operate. Any decrease in our financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on our competitive position and access to liquidity and capital. Financial strength ratings can play an important role in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. On an ongoing basis, NRSROs review the financial performance and condition of many insurers, including Aflac and our competitors. They may assign multiple ratings including a financial strength rating, reflecting their view of the insurer’s ability to pay claims on a timely basis, and ratings on an insurer’s senior and subordinated debt obligations, indicating their view of an insurer’s ability to make timely payments on their debt obligations.   NRSROs may change their ratings or outlook on an insurer's ratings due to a variety of factors including the NRSRO’s assessment of the insurer’s strength of operations and overall financial condition. Some factors that may influence ratings include competitive position; profitability; cash generation and other sources of liquidity; capital levels; quality of the investment portfolio; and perception of management capabilities. The ratings assigned to us by the NRSROs are important factors in our ability to access liquidity and capital from the bank market, debt capital markets or other available sources, such as reinsurance transactions. Downgrades to our credit ratings could give our derivative counterparties the right to require early termination of derivatives transactions or delivery of additional collateral, thereby adversely affecting our liquidity. In view of the difficulties experienced after the financial crisis by many financial institutions, including those in the insurance industry, the NRSROs have heightened the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions. Steps taken by the NRSROs include an increase in the frequency and scope of their reviews, additional information requests from the companies that they rate, including additional information regarding the valuation of investment securities held, and, in certain cases, an increase in the capital and other requirements employed in their models for maintenance of certain rating levels. 23 On September 16, 2015, S&P downgraded their credit rating of Japan’s sovereign debt. Following this action, they also downgraded several other foreign insurers, including Aflac. Although we are a U.S.-based insurer, our significant operations in Japan and corresponding regulation by the Japanese FSA, combined with our significant exposure to JGBs as outlined above, resulted in S&P downgrading the financial strength rating of our core insurance operations to A+ and our senior debt rating to A-, both with a stable outlook. While S&P made no further downgrades to our ratings in 2016, they have stated in the past that a downgrade of Japan's sovereign rating could lead to a downgrade of our financial strength rating. As a matter of policy, S&P rarely rates insurance companies above the sovereign long-term rating of the country of domicile because during times of stress, the sovereign’s regulatory and supervisory powers may restrict an insurer’s or financial system’s flexibility.  In addition to the impact on our access to liquidity, as mentioned above, a downgrade of our ratings could have a material adverse effect on agent recruiting and retention, sales, competitiveness and the marketability of our products which could negatively impact our liquidity, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, sales through the bank channel in Japan could be adversely affected as a result of their reliance and sensitivity to ratings levels. We cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. As with other companies in the financial services industry, our ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any NRSRO. Our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in losses. We have developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the Company. We maintain policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the Company is exposed.  However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, the Company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. As our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. As a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. In times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from greater than expected morbidity, mortality, longevity, or persistency, the effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the Company. In addition, under difficult or less liquid market conditions, our risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk under the same challenging market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult or more expensive for the Company to mitigate risk due to the activity of such other market participants. Many of our risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management’s subjective judgment. We cannot provide assurance that our risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.  Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective. Models are utilized by our businesses and corporate areas primarily to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. These models are utilized under a risk management policy approved by our executive risk management committees, however, the models may not operate properly and rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. As our businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models we utilize expands, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions.   Past or future misconduct by our employees or employees of our third parties (suppliers which are cost-based relationships and alliance partners which are revenue-generating relationships) could result in violations of law by us, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Despite our published Supplier Code of Conduct, due diligence of our alliance  24 partners, and rigorous contracting procedures (including financial, legal, IT security, and risk reviews), there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that we employ, which are designed to assess third party viability and prevent us from taking excessive or inappropriate risks, will be effective. We review our supplier cost structures and alliance compensation policies and practices as part of our overall risk management program, but it is possible that these cost structures and forms of compensation could inadvertently incentivize excessive or inappropriate risk taking. If our third parties take excessive or inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.  The concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular single-issuer or sector of the economy may have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. Negative events or developments affecting any particular single issuer, industry, group of related industries or geographic sector may have an adverse impact on a particular holding or set of holdings. We seek to minimize this risk by maintaining an appropriate level of diversification. To the extent we have concentrated positions, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Our global investment guidelines establish concentration limits for our investment portfolios.  At  December 31, 2016 , we held approximately  $42.9 billion  at amortized cost, or  42.4%  of our total debt and perpetual securities, in JGBs. JGBs were rated A1/A+/A at  December 31, 2016  by Moody's, S&P and Fitch, respectively. At  December 31, 2016 ,  10%  of our total portfolio of debt and perpetual securities was in the bank and financial institution sector. For further details on the concentrations within our investment portfolios, see the Analysis of Financial Condition section of MD&A in this report.  The valuation of our investments and derivatives includes methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. We report a significant amount of our fixed maturity securities and other financial instruments at fair value. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation as well as valuation methods which are more sophisticated, thereby resulting in values which may be greater or less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Valuations of our derivatives fluctuate with changes in underlying market variables, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. During periods of market turbulence created by political instability, economic uncertainty, government interventions or other factors, we may experience significant changes in the volatility of our derivative valuations. Extreme market conditions can also affect the liquidity of such instruments creating marked differences in transaction levels and counterparty valuations. Depending on the severity and direction of the movements in its derivative valuations, the Company will face increases in the amount of collateral required to be posted with its counterparties. Liquidity stresses to the Company may also occur if the required collateral amounts increase significantly over a very short period of time. Conversely, the Company may be exposed to an increase in counterparty credit risk for short periods of time while calling collateral from its counterparties. For further discussion on investment and derivative valuations, see the Critical Accounting Estimates section in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis, and Notes 1, 3, 4, and  5  of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. Managing key executive succession is critical to our success. We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our senior management and other key executives. While we have succession plans and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these plans cannot guarantee that the services of these executives will be available to us, and our operations could be adversely affected if they are not. The determination of the amount of impairments taken on our investments is based on significant valuation judgments and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. 25 An investment in a fixed maturity, perpetual or equity security is impaired if the fair value falls below book value. We regularly review our entire investment portfolio for declines in value. The majority of our investments are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment using our debt impairment model, while our investments in equities and below-investment-grade perpetual securities are evaluated using our equity impairment model.  Our debt impairment model includes emphasis on the ultimate collection of the cash flows from our investments. The determination of the amount of impairments under this model is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective securities. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.   For our fixed maturity and perpetual securities reported in the available-for-sale portfolio, we report the investments at fair value in the statement of financial condition and record any unrealized gain or loss in the value of the asset in accumulated other comprehensive income. For our held-to-maturity securities portfolio, we report the investments at amortized cost. Under the debt impairment model, the determination of whether an impairment in value is other than temporary is based largely on our evaluation of the issuer ' s creditworthiness. We must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. Factors that may influence this include our assessment of the issuer’s ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. We also verify whether we have the intent to sell or if it is more likely than not we would be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. If we determine it is unlikely we will recover our book value of the instrument prior to our disposal of the security, we will reduce the carrying value of the security to its fair value and recognize any associated impairment loss in our consolidated statement of earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss. Our investments in perpetual securities that are rated below investment grade and equity securities are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment under our equity impairment model. This impairment model focuses on the severity of a security's decline in fair value coupled with the length of time the fair value of the security has been below cost or amortized cost and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. For equity securities, we also verify our intent to hold the securities until they recover in value. For regulatory accounting purposes for Aflac Japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates or credit-related losses, negatively impacting Aflac Japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.  Our management updates its evaluations regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects impairment losses in the Company's income statement when considered necessary. Furthermore, additional impairments may need to be taken in the future. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments. Catastrophic events could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and acts of terrorism. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Certain events such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes and man-made catastrophes could cause substantial damage or loss of life in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. Claims resulting from natural or man−made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition, as well as affect our ability to write new business.  Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (FASB) or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements. Our financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles in both the United States and Japan, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the FASB. It is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. During the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. For information on new accounting  26 pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Events, including those external to our operations, could damage our reputation. Because insurance products are intangible, we rely to a large extent on consumer trust in our business. The perception of financial weakness could create doubt regarding our ability to honor the commitments we have made to our policyholders. Maintaining our stature as a responsible corporate citizen, which helps support the strength of our unique brand, is critical to our reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect us.   Changes in our discount rate, expected rate of return, life expectancy, health care cost and expected compensation increase assumptions for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability. We determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, life expectancy of plan participants and expected increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. Changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained low interest rate environment, may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability. We face risks related to litigation. We are a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. Members of our senior legal and financial management teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. The final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. Although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, we believe the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, litigation could adversely affect us because of the costs of defending these cases, costs of settlement or judgments against us or because of changes in our operations that could result from litigation. We also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, which include: • any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles • failure to appropriately maintain controls over models used to generate significant inputs to the Company’s financial statements • a significant failure of internal controls over financial reporting • failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal policies and regulatory requirements • failure of corporate governance policies and procedures ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES In the United States, Aflac owns land and buildings that comprise two primary campuses located in Columbus, Georgia. These campuses include buildings that serve as our worldwide headquarters and house administrative support and information technology functions for our U.S. operations. Aflac leases office space in Columbia, South Carolina, which houses our CAIC subsidiary. Aflac leases office space in New York that houses our Global Investment division. Aflac leases administrative office space in Georgia, South Carolina, New York, Nebraska, and in 39 additional states throughout the United States, as well as Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. In Tokyo, Japan, Aflac has three primary campuses. The first campus includes a building, owned by Aflac, for the customer call center, the claims department, information technology departments, and training facility. It also includes a leased property, which houses our policy administration and customer service departments. The second campus comprises leased space, which serves as Aflac Japan's headquarters and houses administrative and investment support  27 functions for the Japan branch. The third campus comprises leased space for the information technology departments. Aflac also leases additional office space in Tokyo, along with regional offices located throughout the country.  ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. Members of our senior legal and financial management teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. The final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. Although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, we believe the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 28 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER                 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Aflac Incorporated's common stock is principally traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AFL. Our stock is also listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The quarterly high and low market prices for the Company's common stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the two years ended December 31 were as follows: Quarterly Common Stock Prices   2016 High   Low 4th Quarter   $ 73.95       $ 67.50   3rd Quarter   74.50       71.02   2nd Quarter   72.17       62.59   1st Quarter   64.33       54.57     2015 High   Low 4th Quarter   $ 66.53       $ 56.78   3rd Quarter   64.99       51.41   2nd Quarter   65.10       61.32   1st Quarter   64.62       56.41   Holders As of  February 15, 2017 , there were  87,228  holders of record of the Company's common stock.  Dividends   2016   2015 4th Quarter   $ .43       $ .41   3rd Quarter   .41       .39   2nd Quarter   .41       .39   1st Quarter   .41       .39   In  January   2017, the board of directors declared the first quarter 2017 cash dividend of  $.43  per share. The dividend is payable on  March 1, 2017  to shareholders of record at the close of business on  February 15, 2017 . The declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our operating subsidiaries, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. There can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any additional or future dividends. For information concerning dividend restrictions, see Regulatory Restrictions in the Capital Resources and Liquidity section of MD&A and Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented in this report. 29 Stock Performance Graph The following graph compares the five-year performance of the Company's common stock to the Standard & Poor's 500 Index (S&P 500) and the Standard & Poor's Life and Health Insurance Index (S&P Life and Health). The Standard & Poor's Life and Health Insurance Index includes:  Aflac Incorporated, Lincoln National Corporation, MetLife Inc., Principal Financial Group Inc., Prudential Financial Inc., Torchmark Corporation and Unum Group.        Performance Graphic Index December 31,   2011   2012   2013   2014   2015   2016 Aflac Incorporated 100.00   126.36   162.90   152.66   153.45   182.78 S&P 500 100.00   116.00   153.58   174.60   177.01   198.18 S&P Life & Health Insurance 100.00   114.59   187.33   190.98   178.93   223.41 Copyright ©  2017 Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. (www.researchdatagroup.com/S&P.htm) 30 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities During the year ended  December 31, 2016 , we repurchased shares of Aflac common stock as follows: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased   Average Price Paid Per Share   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   Maximum     Number of     Shares that     May Yet Be     Purchased     Under the     Plans or     Programs       January 1 - January 31   3,492,400       $ 57.29       3,492,400       44,879,158     February 1 - February 29   3,584,566       58.20       3,435,930       41,443,228     March 1 - March 31   3,229,684       62.07       3,224,000       38,219,228     April 1 - April 30   2,028,224       66.15       2,026,445       36,192,783     May 1 - May 31   1,929,098       68.97       1,929,098       34,263,685     June 1  - June 30   1,925,149       69.36       1,918,479       32,345,206     July 1 - July 31   918,411       72.99       918,300       31,426,906     August 1 - August 31   1,001,959       72.79       920,700       30,506,206     September 1  - September 30   911,184       72.68       908,600       29,597,606     October 1 - October 31   0       0.00       0       29,597,606     November 1 - November 30   1,407,600       71.07       1,407,600       28,190,006     December 1  - December 31   1,438,566       69.64       1,436,552       26,753,454     Total   21,866,841   (2)     $ 64.77       21,618,104       26,753,454   (1)   (1) The total remaining shares available for purchase at  December 31, 2016 , consisted of  26,753,454  shares related to a 40,000,000 share repurchase authorization by the board of directors in 2015. (2) During the year ended  December 31, 2016 ,  248,737  shares were purchased in connection with income tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted-share-based awards during the period. 31 ITEM 6.     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Years Ended December 31,   (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts) 2016   2015   2014   2013   2012 Revenues:                   Net premiums, principally supplemental    health insurance $ 19,225   $ 17,570   $ 19,072   $ 20,135   $ 22,148 Net investment income 3,278   3,135   3,319   3,293   3,473 Realized investment gains (losses) (123 )   140   215   399   (349 ) Other income 179   27   122   112   92 Total revenues 22,559   20,872   22,728   23,939   25,364 Benefits and expenses:                   Benefits and claims, net 12,919   11,746   12,937   13,813   15,330 Expenses 5,573   5,264   5,300   5,310   5,732 Total benefits and expenses 18,492   17,010   18,237   19,123   21,062 Pretax earnings 4,067   3,862   4,491   4,816   4,302 Income taxes 1,408   1,329   1,540   1,658   1,436 Net earnings $ 2,659   $ 2,533   $ 2,951   $ 3,158   $ 2,866 Share and Per-Share Amounts                   Net earnings (basic) $ 6.46   $ 5.88   $ 6.54   $ 6.80   $ 6.14 Net earnings (diluted) 6.42   5.85   6.50   6.76   6.11 Cash dividends paid 1.66   1.58   1.50   1.42   1.34 Cash dividends declared 1.66   1.58   1.50   1.42   1.34 Weighted-average common shares used for basic     EPS (In thousands) 411,471   430,654   451,204   464,502   466,868 Weighted-average common shares used for diluted     EPS (In thousands) 413,921   433,172   454,000   467,408   469,287 Supplemental Data                   Yen/dollar exchange rate at year-end (yen) 116.49   120.61   120.55   105.39   86.58 Weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate (yen) 108.70   120.99   105.46   97.54   79.81 32 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries December 31,   (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   2013   2012 Assets:                   Investments and cash $ 116,361   $ 105,897   $ 107,341   $ 108,459   $ 118,219 Other 13,458   12,359   12,386   12,809   12,838 Total assets $ 129,819   $ 118,256   $ 119,727   $ 121,268   $ 131,057 Liabilities and shareholders’ equity:                   Policy liabilities $ 93,726   $ 87,631   $ 83,933   $ 89,402   $ 97,720 Income taxes 5,387   4,340   5,293   3,718   3,858 Notes payable 5,360   4,971   5,242   4,858   4,315 Other liabilities 4,864   3,606   6,912   8,670   9,186 Shareholders’ equity 20,482   17,708   18,347   14,620   15,978 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 129,819   $ 118,256   $ 119,727   $ 121,268   $ 131,057 Prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs.  33 ITEM 7.       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF    OPERATIONS                                    FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a “safe harbor” to encourage companies to provide prospective information, so long as those informational statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. We desire to take advantage of these provisions. This report contains cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected herein, and in any other statements made by Company officials in communications with the financial community and contained in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information and relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Furthermore, forward-looking information is subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements containing words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “goal,” “objective,” “may,” “should,” “estimate,” “intends,” “projects,” “will,” “assumes,” “potential,” “target”, "outlook" or similar words as well as specific projections of future results, generally qualify as forward-looking. Aflac undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. We caution readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements: • difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy • exposure to significant interest rate risk • concentration of business in Japan  • foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate • failure to execute or implement the conversion of the Japan branch conversion to a legal subsidiary  • limited availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments • deviations in actual experience from pricing and reserving assumptions • ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems • governmental actions for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets • interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems • ongoing changes in our industry • failure to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security • extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities • defaults and credit downgrades of investments • ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates and employees • decline in creditworthiness of other financial institutions • subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to Aflac Incorporated • decreases in our financial strength or debt ratings • inherent limitations to risk management policies and procedures • concentration of our investments in any particular single-issuer or sector • differing judgments applied to investment valuations • ability to effectively manage key executive succession • significant valuation judgments in determination of amount of impairments taken on our investments • catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, acts of terrorism and damage incidental to such events • changes in U.S. and/or Japanese accounting standards • loss of consumer trust resulting from events external to our operations • increased expenses and reduced profitability resulting from changes in assumptions for pension and other postretirement benefit plans • level and outcome of litigation • failure of internal controls or corporate governance policies and procedures 34 MD&A OVERVIEW Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to inform the reader about matters affecting the financial condition and results of operations of Aflac Incorporated and its subsidiaries for the three-year period ended  December 31, 2016 . As a result, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements and notes.  This MD&A is divided into the following sections: • Our Business • Performance Highlights • Critical Accounting Estimates • Results of Operations, consolidated and by segment • Analysis of Financial Condition, including discussion of market risks of financial instruments • Capital Resources and Liquidity, including discussion of availability of capital and the sources and uses of cash OUR BUSINESS Aflac Incorporated (the Parent Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) primarily sell supplemental health and life insurance in the United States and Japan. The Company's insurance business is marketed and administered through American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac), which operates in the United States (Aflac U.S.) and as a branch in Japan (Aflac Japan). Most of Aflac's policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. Aflac U.S. also markets and administers group products through Continental American Insurance Company (CAIC), branded as Aflac Group Insurance. Our insurance operations in the United States and our branch in Japan service the two markets for our insurance business. For more information on our business, see Business, Part I, Item 1 of this report. PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS Yen-denominated income statement accounts are translated to U.S. dollars using a weighted-average Japanese yen/U.S. dollar foreign exchange rate, while yen-denominated balance sheet accounts are translated to U.S. dollars using a spot Japanese yen/U.S. dollar foreign exchange rate. The spot yen/dollar exchange rate at  December 31, 2016  was  116.49 , or  3.5%   stronger  than the  December 31, 2015  spot yen/dollar exchange rate of  120.61 . The weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate for the year ended  December 31, 2016  was  108.70 , or  11.3%   stronger  than the weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate of  120.99  for the same period in  2015 .  Reflecting the stronger yen/dollar exchange rate, total revenues increased  8.1%  to  $22.6 billion  in  2016 , compared with  $20.9  billion in  2015 . Net earnings in  2016  were  $2.7 billion , or  $6.42   per diluted share, compared with  $2.5 billion , or  $5.85  per diluted share, in  2015 . Results for  2016  included pretax net realized investment  losses  of  $123 million  ( $80 million  after-tax), compared with net realized investment gains of  $140 million  ( $91 million  after-tax) in  2015 . Net investment losses in  2016  consisted of  $215 million  of net  gains  ( $140 million  after-tax) from the sale or redemption of securities;  $83 million  ( $54 million  after-tax) of other-than-temporary impairment  losses ; and  $255 million  of net  losses  ( $166 million  after-tax) from valuing derivatives.  Shareholders' equity included a net unrealized  gain  on investment securities and derivatives of  $4.8 billion  at  December 31, 2016 , compared with a net unrealized gain of  $3.0 billion  at  December 31, 2015 . In December 2016, the Parent Company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished  $176 million  principal of its  6.90%  senior notes due 2039 and  $193 million  principal of its  6.45%  senior notes due 2040. The pretax loss due to the early redemption of these notes was  $137 million . In September 2016, the Parent Company issued  $700 million  of senior notes through a U.S. public debt offering and also entered into a  5.0 billion  yen loan and a  25.0 billion  yen loan. In September 2016, we extinguished  8.0 billion  yen of  2.26%  fixed rate Uridashi notes upon their maturity and in July 2016, we extinguished  15.8 billion  yen of  1.84%  fixed rate Samurai notes upon their maturity.  35 In October 2016, the Parent Company and Aflac renewed a  364 -day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of  $100 million . In March 2016, the Parent Company entered into a three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 100.0 billion yen. For further information regarding these transactions, see Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Capital Resources and Liquidity section of this MD&A.  We repurchased  21.6  million shares of our common stock in the open market for  $1.4 billion  under our share repurchase program in  2016 , compared with  21.2  million shares repurchased in  2015 . CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These principles are established primarily by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). In this MD&A, references to U.S. GAAP issued by the FASB are derived from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification TM  (ASC). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. The estimates that we deem to be most critical to an understanding of Aflac's results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. The preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. The application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which  93%  of our assets and  78%  of our liabilities are reported as of  December 31, 2016 , and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. Subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results. Investments and Derivatives Aflac's investments, primarily consisting of debt, perpetual and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. For publicly issued securities, we determine the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors. For the majority of privately issued securities within our investment portfolio, a third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models that we utilize to determine fair values. For the remaining privately issued securities, we use non-binding price quotes from outside brokers.  We estimate the fair values of our securities on a monthly basis. We monitor the estimated fair values obtained from our custodian, pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. We also periodically discuss with our custodian and pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. If a fair value appears unreasonable, we will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. Additionally, we may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. The output of this analysis is presented to the Company's Valuation and Classifications Subcommittee (VCS). Based on the analysis provided to the VCS, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. We have performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value. We also routinely review our investments that have experienced declines in fair value to determine if the decline is other than temporary. The identification of distressed investments, the determination of fair value if not publicly traded and the assessment of whether a decline is other than temporary involve significant management judgment. We must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. Factors that may influence this include our assessment of the issuer’s ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. This process requires consideration of risks, which can be controlled to a certain extent, such as credit risk, and risks which cannot be controlled, such as interest rate risk. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects impairment losses in the Company's net earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss, as such evaluations are revised. Our derivative activities include foreign currency, interest rate and credit default swaps in variable interest entities (VIEs) that are consolidated; foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions) used in hedging interest rate risk on U.S. dollar-denominated securities in Aflac Japan's  36 portfolio; and foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. Inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility. With the exception of the derivatives associated with our VIE investments, the fair values of the derivatives referenced above are based on the amounts we would expect to receive or pay to terminate the derivatives. For derivatives associated with VIEs where we are the primary beneficiary, we receive valuations from a third party pricing vendor.    See Notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs and Policy Liabilities Insurance premiums for most of the Company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, dental, vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. When revenues are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues, so that profits are recognized in proportion to premium revenues during the period the policies are expected to remain in force. This association is accomplished by means of annual additions to the liability for future policy benefits and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs. Premiums from the Company's products with limited-pay features, including term life, whole life, WAYS, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the period over which benefits are provided. Premiums for these products are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. Any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded in earnings, such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. Benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. A liability for future policy benefits is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs The calculation of DAC and the liability for future policy benefits requires the use of estimates based on sound actuarial valuation techniques. For new policy issues, we review our actuarial assumptions and deferrable acquisition costs each year and revise them when necessary to more closely reflect recent experience and studies of actual acquisition costs. For policies in force, we evaluate DAC by major product groupings to determine that they are recoverable from future revenues, and any amounts determined not to be recoverable are charged against net earnings.   See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a detail of the DAC activity for the past two years.  Policy Liabilities The following table provides details of policy liabilities by segment and in total as of December 31. 37 Policy Liabilities (In millions) 2016   2015 Japan segment:       Future policy benefits $ 68,291   $ 62,244 Unpaid policy claims 2,393   2,193 Other policy liabilities 13,457   14,023 Total Japan policy liabilities $ 84,141   $ 78,460 U.S. segment:       Future policy benefits $ 8,442   $ 8,087 Unpaid policy claims 1,652   1,609 Other policy liabilities 118   119 Total U.S. policy liabilities $ 10,212   $ 9,815 Consolidated:       Future policy benefits $ 76,106   $ 69,687 Unpaid policy claims 4,045   3,802 Other policy liabilities 13,575   14,142 Total consolidated policy liabilities (1) $ 93,726   $ 87,631 (1)  The sum of the Japan and U.S. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.  Our policy liabilities, which are determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under U.S. GAAP and Actuarial Standards of Practice, include two components that involve analysis and judgment: future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, which accounted for  81%  and  4%  of total policy liabilities as of  December 31, 2016 , respectively.  Future policy benefits provide for claims that will occur in the future and are generally calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be incurred less the present value of future expected net benefit premiums. We calculate future policy benefits based on assumptions of morbidity, mortality, persistency and interest. These assumptions are generally established at the time a policy is issued. The assumptions used in the calculations are closely related to those used in developing the gross premiums for a policy. As required by U.S. GAAP, we also include a provision for adverse deviation, which is intended to accommodate adverse fluctuations in actual experience. Unpaid policy claims include those claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to us. We compute unpaid policy claims on a non-discounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims payments, adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. We update the assumptions underlying the estimate of unpaid policy claims regularly and incorporate our historical experience as well as other data that provides information regarding our outstanding liability.  Our insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation. Furthermore, our business is widely dispersed in both the United States and Japan. This geographic dispersion and the nature of our benefit structure mitigate the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to epidemics and events of a catastrophic nature. Claims incurred under Aflac's policies are generally reported and paid in a relatively short time frame. The unpaid claims liability is sensitive to morbidity assumptions, in particular, severity and frequency of claims. Severity is the ultimate size of a claim, and frequency is the number of claims incurred. Our claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of our policyholders. As a part of our established financial reporting and accounting practices and controls, we perform detailed annual actuarial reviews of our policyholder liabilities (gross premium valuation analysis) and reflect the results of those reviews in our results of operations and financial condition as required by U.S. GAAP. For Aflac Japan, our annual reviews in  2016  and 2015 indicated that we needed to strengthen the liability associated with a block of care policies, primarily due to low investment yields. We strengthened our future policy benefits liability by $52 and $18 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, as a result of these reviews. Our review in 2014 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in Japan. Our reviews in 2016, 2015 and 2014 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in the United States. 38 The table below reflects the growth of the future policy benefits liability for the years ended December 31. Future Policy Benefits (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2016   2015   2014   Aflac U.S. $ 8,442   $ 8,087   $ 7,728   Growth rate 4.4 % 4.6 % 5.1  % Aflac Japan $ 68,291   $ 62,244   $ 57,916   Growth rate 9.7 % 7.5 % (6.3 )% Consolidated $ 76,106   $ 69,687   $ 65,646   Growth rate 9.2 % 6.2 % (5.0 )% Yen/dollar exchange rate (end of period) 116.49   120.61   120.55   Aflac Japan (in yen) 7,955   7,507   6,982   Growth rate 6.0 % 7.5 % 7.2  % The growth of the future policy benefits liability in yen for Aflac Japan and in dollars for Aflac U.S. has been due to the aging of our in-force block of business and the addition of new business. In computing the estimate of unpaid policy claims, we consider many factors, including the benefits and amounts available under the policy; the volume and demographics of the policies exposed to claims; and internal business practices, such as incurred date assignment and current claim administrative practices. We monitor these conditions closely and make adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. Claim levels are generally stable from period to period; however, fluctuations in claim levels may occur. In calculating the unpaid policy claim liability, we do not calculate a range of estimates. The following table shows the expected sensitivity of the unpaid policy claims liability as of  December 31, 2016 , to changes in severity and frequency of claims. Sensitivity of Unpaid Policy Claims Liability (In millions)   Total Severity   Total Frequency Decrease by 2%   Decrease by 1%   Unchanged   Increase by 1%   Increase by 2% Increase by 2%   $ 0       $ 24       $ 48       $ 73       $ 98   Increase by 1%   (24 )       0       24       49       73   Unchanged   (48 )       (24 )       0       24       48   Decrease by 1%   (71 )       (48 )       (24 )       0       24   Decrease by 2%   (94 )       (71 )       (48 )       (24 )       0   Other policy liabilities, which accounted for  15%  of total policy liabilities as of  December 31, 2016 , consisted primarily of discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain Aflac Japan insurance products. These advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as premium revenue over the contractual premium payment period. Advanced premiums represented  38%  and  43%  of the  December 31, 2016  and  2015  other policy liabilities balances, respectively. See the Aflac Japan segment subsection of this MD&A for further information. Income Taxes Income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing our income tax returns. Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. The evaluation of a tax position in accordance with U.S. GAAP is a two-step process. Under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. The determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.  39 In evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. In the event we determine it is not more likely than not that we will be able to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. Likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. Future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the Company’s tax planning strategies and in particular the Company’s ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. Our judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.  Interest rates and credit spreads in both the United States and Japan are not the only factors that impact the Company’s unrealized gain/loss position and the evaluation of a need for a valuation allowance on the Company’s deferred tax asset, but they do have a direct and significant effect on both. Based on our methodology described above for evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, we have determined that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future, therefore we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of  December 31, 2016 . See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. New Accounting Pronouncements During the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. For information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion includes references to our performance measures, operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share, which are not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These measures exclude items that we believe may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in our insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with our insurance operations. Our management uses operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of our insurance operations on a consolidated basis, and we believe that a presentation of these measures is vitally important to an understanding of our underlying profitability drivers and trends of our insurance business. Aflac defines operating earnings (a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure) as the profits derived from operations. Operating earnings includes interest cash flows associated with notes payable but excludes items that cannot be predicted or that are outside of management's control, such as realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities; nonrecurring items; and other non-operating income (loss) from net earnings. Aflac's derivative activities are primarily used to hedge foreign exchange and interest rate risk in our investment portfolio as well as manage foreign exchange risk for certain notes payable and forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. We define operating earnings per share (basic or dilutive) to be operating earnings for the period divided by the average outstanding shares (basic or dilutive) for the period presented.  Because a significant portion of our business is conducted in Japan and foreign exchange rates are outside of management’s control, we believe it is important to understand the impact of translating Japanese yen into U.S. dollars. Operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted shares excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior year period, which eliminates dollar based fluctuations driven solely from currency rate changes. The following table is a reconciliation of items impacting operating earnings, net earnings, operating earnings per diluted share, and net earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures for the years ended December 31. 40 Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Operating Earnings   In Millions   Per Diluted Share   2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 Net earnings $ 2,659   $ 2,533   $ 2,951   $ 6.42   $ 5.85   $ 6.50 Items impacting net earnings:                       Realized investment (gains) losses:                       Securities transactions and impairments (132 )   (150 )   (184 )   (.32 )   (.35 )   (.40 ) Impact of derivative and hedging activities:                       Hedge costs related to foreign currency    investments  (1) 186   72   35   .45   .17   .08   Other derivative and hedging activities  (1),(2) 154   23   (22 )   .37   .05   (.05 ) Other and non-recurring (income) loss 28   266 (3)   (67 )   .07   .61   (.15 ) Income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded    from operating earnings (1) (83 )   (74 )   84   (.20 )   (.17 )   .18 Operating earnings 2,812   2,670   2,797   6.79   6.16   6.16 Current period foreign currency impact  (4) (141 )   N/A   N/A   (.34 )   N/A   N/A Operating earnings excluding current period    foreign currency impact  (5) $ 2,671   $ 2,670   $ 2,797   $ 6.45   $ 6.16   $ 6.16 (1)  Prior year amounts have been reclassified to reflect the change in methodology of calculating the hedge costs related to foreign currency investments. See "Hedge Costs" discussion below for further discussion. (2)  Excludes a gain of  $85  in both  2016  and  2015  and  $44  in  2014  related to the interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps on notes payable which is classified as an operating gain when analyzing segment operations (3)  Includes a loss of  $20  in 2015 related to the change in value of yen repatriation received in advance of settlement of certain foreign currency derivatives. This loss was offset by derivative gains included in other derivative and hedging activities. (4)  Prior period foreign currency impact reflected as “N/A” to isolate change for current period only. (5)  Amounts excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior-year period, which eliminates dollar-based fluctuations driven solely from currency rate changes. Realized Investment Gains and Losses Our investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed-maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the Company’s growth and profitability. This investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (ALM) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the Company's liability structure. We do not purchase securities with the intent of generating capital gains or losses. However, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. The realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of our insurance products, which are the principal drivers of our profitability. Securities Transactions and Impairments During  2016 , we realized pretax investment  gains , net of  losses , of  $215 million   ( $140 million  after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. These net gains were primarily related to foreign currency gains on sale and redemption activities as well as gains related to call activity on previously impaired securities. We realized pretax investment  losses  of  $83 million  ( $54 million  after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.  During  2015 , we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of  $303 million   ( $197 million  after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. These net gains primarily resulted from sales of Japanese Government Bonds (JGBs) as part of a portfolio repositioning exercise. We realized pretax investment losses of  $153 million  ( $100 million  after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities. Investment losses were primarily related to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment loss on a single holding. During  2014 , we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of  $215 million   ( $140 million  after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. These net gains primarily resulted from gains on sales of JGBs and our U.S. Treasury holdings, currency gains from transactions by our externally managed portfolio of U.S. dollar-denominated bank loans, and assorted  41 other bond sales and calls. We realized pretax investment losses of  $31 million  ( $20 million  after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.  See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on these investment activities. Impact of Derivative and Hedging Activities  Our derivative instruments include foreign currency swaps and credit default swaps held in consolidated VIEs; foreign currency forwards and options, interest rate swaptions and futures on certain fixed-maturity securities; foreign currency forwards and options that economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen; and foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures. During  2016 , we realized pretax investment  losses , net of  gains , of  $255 million , compared with pretax investment losses, net of gains, of  $10 million  in  2015  and pretax investment gains, net of losses, of  $31 million  in  2014  as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. For a description of other items that could be included in the Impact of Derivative and Hedging Activities, see the Hedging Activities subsection of MD&A and Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Hedge Costs Our Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Operating Earnings table above includes a line item related to the costs incurred in using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exchange risk on the U.S. dollar-denominated assets in Aflac Japan's investment portfolio. These hedge costs are derived from the difference between the foreign currency spot rate at time of trade inception and the contractual foreign currency forward rate. For our non-U.S. GAAP reporting disclosures, we have historically reported the total hedge costs of these contracts in the period in which the foreign currency forward was executed. Beginning in 2016, we changed our non-U.S. GAAP reporting for these hedge costs by amortizing them evenly over the life of the foreign currency forward contracts. We believe amortizing the hedge costs over the life of these contracts provides a better measure of our non-U.S. GAAP results as compared to our historical methodology. In 2016, we began increasing the duration of the foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge our U.S. dollar-denominated assets in Aflac Japan's investment portfolio to cover periods extending beyond one year. Therefore, recognizing these costs over the extended hedging periods provides a better measure of our costs, and better reflects the economics of how hedge costs emerge over the life of the hedge. The table below summarizes the impact of our change in hedge cost reporting methodology: Hedge Costs Related to Foreign Investments (Non-U.S. GAAP basis) (In millions)     Pretax basis Period   Historical Reporting Method   Revised Reporting Method   2016:           Quarter ended September 30,   $ (188 )   $ (54 )   Quarter ended June 30,   (48 )   (37 )   Quarter ended March 31,   (44 )   (32 )   2015:           Year ended December 31,   $ (136 )   $ (72 )   Quarter ended September 30,   (28 )   (17 )   Quarter ended June 30,   (18 )   (16 )   Quarter ended March 31,   (14 )   (13 )   2014:           Year ended December 31,   $ (37 )   $ (35 )   Quarter ended September 30,   (1 )   (10 )   Quarter ended June 30,   (25 )   (8 )   Quarter ended March 31,   (10 )   (7 )   42 Hedge costs can fluctuate based upon many factors, including the derivative notional amount, the length of time of the derivative contract, and changes in both U.S. and Japan interest rates. Hedge costs have increased in recent periods due to changes in the previously mentioned factors. For additional information regarding realized investment gains and losses, see Notes 3 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Other and Non-recurring Items The Company includes the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate as an other non-operating item. During 2016, we recognized a foreign currency gain of $109 million due to a temporary sizable U.S. dollar cash balance and cash settlements of U.S. dollar-denominated investment transactions within the Japan segment. In December 2016, the Parent Company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished  $176 million  principal of its  6.90%  senior notes due 2039 and  $193 million  principal of its  6.45%  senior notes due 2040. The pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was  $137 million . During 2015, the make-whole premium paid to the investors of our 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes for the early redemption of those notes was recorded as a $230 million pretax non-operating loss. We consider the costs associated with the early redemption of our debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in our insurance operations. Additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and we consider these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with our insurance operations. Foreign Currency Translation      Aflac Japan’s premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. Claims and most expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and U.S. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. These and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. We translate Aflac Japan’s yen-denominated income statement into dollars using an average exchange rate for the reporting period, and we translate its yen-denominated balance sheet using the exchange rate at the end of the period.  Due to the size of Aflac Japan, where our functional currency is the Japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported results. In periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. When the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. Consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. As a result, we view foreign currency translation as a financial reporting issue for Aflac rather than an economic event to our Company or shareholders. Income Taxes Our combined U.S. and Japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was  34.6%  in  2016 ,  34.4%  in  2015  and  34.3%  in  2014 .   Total income taxes were  $1.4 billion  in  2016 , compared with  $1.3 billion  in  2015  and  $1.5 billion  in  2014 . Japanese income taxes on Aflac Japan's results account for most of our consolidated income tax expense. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 2017  Outlook Our objective in 2017 is to maintain our strong capital position while producing stable earnings and strong cash flows. We believe that our market-leading position, powerful brand recognition and diverse distribution in Japan and the United States will provide support toward this objective. In 2017, we expect the low-interest rate environment to continue in Japan, and we will continue to monitor these and other economic conditions as we execute on our plans for sales, investments and capital management.  We believe that our efforts will continue our prudent strategies for capital deployment, as well as our ongoing commitment to customer service, product innovation and distribution enhancement. 43 INSURANCE OPERATIONS Aflac's insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Aflac Japan, which operates as a branch of Aflac, is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. U.S. GAAP financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. Furthermore, we are required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets. We evaluate our sales efforts using new annualized premium sales, an industry operating measure. New annualized premium sales, which include both new sales and the incremental increase in premiums due to conversions, represent the premiums that we would collect over a 12-month period, assuming the policies remain in force. For Aflac Japan, new annualized premium sales are determined by applications submitted during the reporting period. For Aflac U.S., new annualized premium sales are determined by applications that are issued during the reporting period. Premium income, or earned premiums, is a financial performance measure that reflects collected or due premiums that have been earned ratably on policies in force during the reporting period. AFLAC JAPAN SEGMENT Aflac Japan Pretax Operating Earnings Changes in Aflac Japan's pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. The following table presents a summary of operating results for Aflac Japan for the years ended December 31. Aflac Japan Summary of Operating Results (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Net premium income $ 13,537   $ 12,046   $ 13,861 Net investment income:           Yen-denominated investment income 1,346   1,227   1,429 Dollar-denominated investment income 1,208   1,209   1,233 Net investment income 2,554   2,436   2,662 Other income (loss) 40   31   32 Total operating revenues 16,131   14,513   16,555 Benefits and claims, net 9,828   8,705   10,084 Operating expenses:           Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 644   578   649 Insurance commissions 787   719   845 Insurance and other expenses 1,538   1,336   1,519 Total operating expenses 2,969   2,633   3,013 Total benefits and expenses 12,797   11,338   13,097 Pretax operating earnings (1) $ 3,334   $ 3,175   $ 3,458 Weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate 108.70   120.99   105.46    In Dollars   In Yen Percentage change over previous period: 2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 Net premium income 12.4 % (13.1 )%   (7.5 )% .8  %   (.4 )%   .1 % Net investment income 4.9   (8.5 )   .4   (5.8 )   4.8   8.8 Total operating revenues 11.2   (12.3 )   (6.4 )   (.3 )   .5   1.3 Pretax operating earnings (1) 5.0   (8.2 )   (4.7 )   (5.7 )   5.3   3.1 (1) See the Insurance Operations section of this MD&A for our definition of segment operating earnings. Annualized premiums in force at  December 31, 2016 , were  1.61 trillion  yen, compared with  1.62 trillion  yen in  2015  and  1.59 trillion  yen in  2014 . The decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of  .7%  in  2016  reflects the net effect of sales of new policies combined with limited-pay policies becoming paid-up and the persistency of Aflac Japan’s business.  44 The increases in annualized premiums in force in yen of  1.5%  in  2015  and  1.7%  in  2014  reflect the sales of new policies combined with the high persistency of Aflac Japan's business. Annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $ 13.8 billion  in  2016 ,  $13.4 billion  in  2015 , and  $13.2 billion  in  2014 . Aflac Japan's investment portfolios include U.S. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). U.S. dollar-denominated investment income from these assets accounted for approximately  47%  of Aflac Japan's investment income in  2016 , compared with  50%  in  2015  and  46%  in  2014 . In years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. In years when the yen weakens, translating U.S. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. Excluding foreign currency changes from the respective prior year (a non-U.S. GAAP measure), U.S. dollar-denominated investment income accounted for approximately  50%  of Aflac Japan's investment income during  2016 , compared with  46%  in  2015  and  44%  in  2014 .  The following table illustrates the effect of translating Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had yen/dollar exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year. In order to compare the current year to the prior year without the impact of foreign currency, the current year's income statement is translated at the prior year's average exchange rate.  Aflac Japan Percentage Changes Over Prior Year (Yen Operating Results)    Including Foreign Currency Changes   Excluding Foreign Currency Changes (2)    2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 Net investment income (5.8 )%   4.8 %   8.8 %   (.8 )%   (1.9 )%   4.8 % Total operating revenues (.3 )   .5   1.3   .6   (.6 )   .7 Pretax operating earnings (1) (5.7 )   5.3   3.1   (2.0 )   .4   .3 (1) See the Insurance Operations section of this MD&A for our definition of segment operating earnings. (2) Amounts excluding foreign currency impact on U.S. dollar-denominated items (a non-U.S. GAAP measure) were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current year as each respective prior year. The following table presents a summary of operating ratios in yen terms for Aflac Japan for the years ended December 31. Ratios to total revenues: 2016   2015   2014   Benefits and claims, net 60.9 %   60.0 %   60.9 %   Operating expenses:             Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 4.0   4.0   3.9   Insurance commissions 4.9   5.0   5.1   Insurance and other expenses 9.5   9.1   9.2   Total operating expenses 18.4   18.1   18.2   Pretax operating earnings (1) 20.7   21.9   20.9   (1) See the Insurance Operations section of this MD&A for our definition of segment operating earnings. In 2016, the benefit ratio increased primarily due to the effects of foreign currency translation and reserve strengthening on a block of care policies, and the operating expense ratio increased primarily due to activities related to sales promotions, IT infrastructure enhancement and personnel. In total, the pretax operating profit margin decreased in 2016, compared with 2015, reflecting the effect of the stronger yen and the increase in the benefit and expense ratios. For 2017, we anticipate the pretax operating profit margin to remain stable. 45 Aflac Japan Sales The following table presents Aflac Japan's new annualized premium sales for the years ended December 31.      In Dollars   In Yen (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 New annualized premium sales $ 1,045   $ 997   $ 1,080   113.7   120.9   114.5 Increase (decrease) over prior period 4.8 %   (7.7 )%   (29.8 )%   (5.9 )%   5.5 %   (23.3 )% The following table details the contributions to new annualized premium sales by major insurance product for the years ended December 31.     2016   2015   2014   Cancer 46.6 40.4 30.3 Medical 26.0   26.4   31.8   Ordinary life:             WAYS 11.9   16.7   14.0   Other ordinary life 6.2   6.2   8.3   Child endowment 6.4   8.2   10.2   Other 2.9   2.1   5.4   Total 100.0 %   100.0 %   100.0 % The foundation of Aflac Japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, our third sector cancer and medical insurance products. Sales of third sector products on a yen basis increased  4.1%  in  2016 , compared with  2015 . We have been focusing more on promotion of our cancer and medical insurance products in this low-interest-rate environment. These products are less interest-rate sensitive and more profitable compared to first sector products.  Cancer insurance sales on a yen basis were up  8.5%  in  2016 , compared with  2015 . Aflac Japan enhanced its medical insurance product with new riders in June 2015. This revision provides better protection against critical diseases such as cancer, heart attack and stroke. Our 2016 sales results also benefited from the launch of a new Income Support Insurance product in mid-July. This product provides fixed-benefit amounts in the event that a policyholder is unable to work due to significant illness or injury and was developed to supplement the disability coverage within Japan’s social security system. This product targets young to middle-aged consumers, and by focusing our efforts on this demographic, we believe we are building relationships that lay the groundwork for the sale of our cancer and medical insurance later in life to the Income Support policyholders. With continued cost pressure on Japan’s health care system, we expect the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future, and we remain convinced that the medical and cancer insurance products Aflac Japan provides will continue to be an important part of our product portfolio. As a result of the interest rate policy in Japan, we took significant actions to limit sales of certain of Aflac Japan’s first sector products, including WAYS and child endowment. Those actions gained traction in mid-2016 as first sector product sales were  down   26.1%  on a yen basis for the year, compared with  2015 . We expect that for 2017, this deliberate trend will continue, and our focus will remain on less interest-sensitive third sector products. Independent corporate agencies and individual agencies contributed  46.7%  of total new annualized premium sales for Aflac Japan in  2016 , compared with 47.0% in  2015  and 46.1% in  2014 . Affiliated corporate agencies, which include Japan Post, contributed  44.4%  of total new annualized premium sales in  2016 , compared with 38.1% in  2015  and 32.4% in  2014 . In  2016 , we recruited approximately  200  new sales agencies. At  December 31, 2016 , Aflac Japan was represented by approximately  12,100  sales agencies, with more than  108,700  licensed sales associates employed by those agencies. At  December 31, 2016 , we had agreements to sell our products at  372  banks, approximately  90%  of the total number of banks in Japan. Bank channel sales contributed  8.9%  of Aflac Japan new annualized premium sales in  2016 , compared with 14.9% in  2015  and 21.5% in  2014 .  46 Japan Post has expanded the number of post offices that offer Aflac's cancer insurance products from 10,000 in the fourth quarter of 2014 to more than 20,000 postal outlets as of July 2015. We believe this alliance with Japan Post has and will further benefit our cancer insurance sales. Japanese Regulatory Environment In June 2013, a revision to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act established a post-funded Orderly Resolution Regime for financial institutions to prevent a financial crisis in the event of a financial institution’s failure. This regime came into effect in March 2014 and has not had, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the Company's operations in Japan. Aflac Japan Investments The level of investment income in yen is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, the effect of yen/dollar exchange rates on U.S. dollar-denominated investment income, and other factors. As part of the Company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, Aflac Japan invests in U.S. dollar-denominated investments. Aflac Japan has been investing in both publicly-traded and privately originated U.S. dollar-denominated investment grade and below investment grade fixed-maturity securities and loans, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the U.S. dollar investments. In 2015, Aflac Japan increased its allocation to U.S. dollar-denominated investments, including senior secured bank loans and high yield corporate bonds, and initiated a commercial mortgage loan investment program. In 2016, Aflac Japan began investing in senior secured commercial mortgage loans and middle market loans, and later during the fourth quarter initiated an infrastructure debt program. In  2016 , Aflac Japan invested an additional $ 535 million  in bank loans,  $750 million  in commercial mortgage loans,  $76 million  in middle market loans, and  $13 million  in infrastructure debt. As of  December 31, 2016 , Aflac Japan had  $19 million  and  $476 million  in outstanding commitments to fund commercial mortgage loans and middle market loans, respectively. These commitments are contingent upon final underwriting and due diligence to be performed on the commercial mortgage loans and the availability of middle market loans that meet underwriting criteria. In addition, starting in the first quarter of 2016, Aflac Japan initiated an allocation to a dividend-focused U.S. public equity securities program. In  2016 , Aflac Japan invested  $637 million  in U.S. public equities, which are classified as available for sale and carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the Company began hedging the currency risk on the carrying value of U.S. dollar-denominated bank loans, commercial mortgage loans, and equity securities through the use of foreign currency forwards.  Our yen-denominated private placement portfolio has declined over the last several years as a result of call and maturity activity and no reinvestment activity. However, beginning in 2016 we began to selectively purchase yen-denominated private placements, which resulted in  $268 million  of purchases for the full year. Starting in 2015, Aflac Japan added investments in dividend-focused yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities, including investments in exchange traded funds (ETFs) holding Japan real estate investment trusts. In  2016 , Aflac Japan invested  $258 million  in yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities, which are classified as available for sale and carried on the balance sheet at fair value. See the Analysis of Financial Condition section of this MD&A for further discussion of these investment programs, and see Notes 1, 3 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding loans and loan receivables. Funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. Securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. Purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. Aflac Japan purchased debt security investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately  1.0 trillion  yen in  2016  (approximately  $9.1 billion ),  663.6 billion  yen in  2015  (approximately  $5.5 billion ) and  1.0 trillion  yen in  2014  (approximately  $10.0 billion ).  The following table presents the results of Aflac Japan's investment yields for the years ended and as of December 31. 47   2016 (1)   2015 (1)   2014 (1) New money yield  (2) 1.40 %   2.89 %   2.07 % Return on average invested assets, net of investment expenses  (3) 2.68   2.80   2.80 Portfolio book yield, including dollar-denominated investments, end of period  (2) 2.62 %   2.80 %   2.83 % (1)  Yields are reported before the cost of foreign currency forwards that hedge foreign exchange risk of U.S. dollar-denominated publicly          traded corporate bonds. (2)  Includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, and equities (3)  Number reflected on a quarterly average basis On January 1, 2016, the company revised its definition of purchases to include the reinvestment of proceeds related to unplanned sale activity. New purchases include all purchases related to fixed maturities and perpetuals, loan receivables, and equities. Securities lending/repurchase agreement activity and capital contributions to alternatives are excluded. The definition of new money yield has also been revised to reflect this change. Yields for equities are based on the assumed dividend yield at the time of purchase. Historical amounts have been revised to reflect the new definitions. The decrease in the Aflac Japan new money yield in 2016 was primarily due to the increased allocation to Japan Government Bonds (JGBs) and other high quality yen-denominated investments, as well as lower U.S. and Japan interest rates during much of the investment period. The following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for Aflac Japan ($ 91.9 billion  in  2016  and  $85.1 billion  in  2015 ) as of December 31. Composition of Portfolio by Sector   2016   2015   Debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:         Banks/financial institutions (1) 9.6 %   11.5 %   Government and agencies 47.4   43.8   Municipalities .9   .8   Public utilities 8.3   8.9   Sovereign and supranational 3.9   4.1   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities 1.3   .5   Other corporate (2) 24.8   28.6   Total debt and perpetual securities 96.2   98.2   Equity securities 1.2   .5   Other investments 1.1   .2   Cash and cash equivalents 1.5   1.1   Total investments and cash 100.0 %   100.0 %   (1) Includes  1.4%  and  1.9%  of perpetual securities at  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively (2) Includes  .2%  of perpetual securities at  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively Our highest sector concentration is in government and agencies. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Market Risks of Financial Instruments - Credit Risk subsection of MD&A for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments. Yen-denominated debt and perpetual securities accounted for  76.1%  of Aflac Japan's total debt and perpetual securities at  December 31, 2016 , compared with  72.8%  at December 31,  2015 , at amortized cost.  The overall credit quality of Aflac Japan's investments remained high. At the end of  2016 ,  94.8%  of Aflac Japan's debt and perpetual securities were rated investment grade, on an amortized cost basis.   See Notes 3, 4 and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Analysis of Financial Condition section of this MD&A for additional information on our investments and hedging strategies. 48 AFLAC U.S. SEGMENT Aflac U.S. Pretax Operating Earnings Changes in Aflac U.S. pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. The following table presents a summary of operating results for Aflac U.S. for the years ended December 31. Aflac U.S. Summary of Operating Results   (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Net premium income $ 5,454   $ 5,347   $ 5,211 Net investment income 703   678   645 Other income 10   8   3 Total operating revenues 6,167   6,033   5,859 Benefits and claims 2,869   2,873   2,853 Operating expenses:           Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 497   488   459 Insurance commissions 580   585   590 Insurance and other expenses 1,013   986   884 Total operating expenses 2,090   2,059   1,933 Total benefits and expenses 4,959   4,932   4,786 Pretax operating earnings (1) $ 1,208   $ 1,101   $ 1,073 Percentage change over previous period:           Net premium income 2.0 %   2.6 %   1.1 % Net investment income 3.8   5.0   2.1 Total operating revenues 2.2   3.0   1.2 Pretax operating earnings (1) 9.7   2.7   3.3 (1) See the Insurance Operations section of this MD&A for our definition of segment operating earnings. Annualized premiums in force  increased   2.4%  in  2016 ,  1.6%  in  2015  and  1.8%  in  2014 . Annualized premiums in force at December 31 were  $5.9 billion  in  2016 , compared with  $5.8 billion  in  2015  and  $5.7 billion  in  2014 . The following table presents a summary of operating ratios for Aflac U.S. for the years ended December 31.   Ratios to total revenues: 2016   2015   2014   Benefits and claims 46.5 %   47.6 % 48.7 % Operating expenses:             Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 8.1   8.1   7.8   Insurance commissions 9.4   9.7   10.1   Insurance and other expenses 16.4   16.3   15.1   Total operating expenses 33.9   34.1   33.0   Pretax operating earnings (1) 19.6   18.3   18.3   (1) See the Insurance Operations section of this MD&A for our definition of segment operating earnings. The benefit ratio decreased in 2016, compared with 2015, due to a mix of business changes and continued favorable claims experience. The operating expense ratio remained relatively stable in 2016, compared with 2015. In total, the pretax operating profit margin improved in 2016, compared with 2015, due to lower benefit ratios. In 2017, we expect the benefit and expense ratios to remain relatively stable. 49 Aflac U.S. Sales The following table presents Aflac's U.S. new annualized premium sales for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   New annualized premium sales $ 1,482   $ 1,487   $ 1,433   Increase (decrease) over prior period (.3 )%   3.7 %   .7 %        The following table details the contributions to new annualized premium sales by major insurance product category for the years ended December 31.   2016   2015   2014   Income-loss protection:             Short-term disability 23.5 %   23.2 %   22.4 %   Life 5.1   5.2   5.8   Asset-loss protection:             Accident 29.5   29.9   28.1       Critical care  (1) 22.1   21.9   21.4   Supplemental medical:             Hospital indemnity 14.8   14.6   16.4   Dental/vision 5.0   5.2   5.9   Total 100.0 %   100.0%   100.0 %         (1)  Includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products New annualized premium sales for accident insurance, our leading product category,  decreased   1.5% , short-term disability sales  increased   .9% , critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance)  increased   .4% , and hospital indemnity insurance sales  increased   .7%  in  2016 , compared with  2015 .  The addition of group products has expanded our reach and enabled us to generate more sales opportunities with larger employers, brokers, and our traditional sales agents. We anticipate that the appeal of our group products will continue to enhance our opportunities to connect with larger businesses and their employees. Our portfolio of group and individual products offers businesses the opportunity to give their employees a more valuable and comprehensive selection of benefit options.  In  2016 , our traditional U.S. sales forces included more than  9,000  U.S. associates who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. We believe that the average weekly producer equivalent metric allows our sales management to monitor progress and needs. In 2016, sales through employers with less than 100 workers were relatively flat. In 2017, we will continue to focus our career sales agents on selling to this segment. Beyond expanding the size and capabilities of our traditional sales force, we remain encouraged about establishing and developing relationships with insurance brokers that typically handle the larger-case market. Broker sales to groups with 1,000 or more employees experienced double-digit percentage growth in 2016.   We believe that changes we have made to our career and broker management infrastructure since 2014 have provided a platform for expanded long-term growth opportunities. During 2014, Aflac U.S. implemented tactical initiatives centered around providing competitive compensation to our career agent sales hierarchy and positioning us to more effectively and consistently execute on the U.S. sales strategy across all states. These measures were designed to more effectively link sales management's success to Aflac's success. For example, we enhanced compensation through an incentive bonus for the first level of our sales management, district sales coordinators, who are primarily responsible for selling Aflac products and training new sales associates. Additionally, we eliminated the commission-based position of state sales coordinator. To better manage our state operations, we introduced the new position of market director, effective October 1, 2014. Market directors are salaried with the opportunity to earn sales-related bonuses. We believe these changes have enhanced and will continue to enhance performance management and better align compensation with new business results. 50 One Day Pay SM  is a claims initiative that we have focused on at Aflac U.S. to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day. We believe that this claims practice enhances our brand reputation and the trust our policyholders have in Aflac, and it helps Aflac stand out from competitors. Our products provide cash benefits that can be used to help with increasing out-of-pocket medical expenses, help cover household costs, or protect against income and asset loss. Our group products and relationships with insurance brokers that handle the larger-case market are helping us as we expand our reach selling to larger businesses. We are regularly evaluating the marketplace to identify opportunities to bring the most relevant, cost-effective products to our customers. We believe the need for our products remains very strong, and we continue to work on enhancing our distribution capabilities to access employers of all sizes, including initiatives that benefit our field force and the broker community. At the same time, we are seeking opportunities to leverage our brand strength and attractive product portfolio in the evolving health care environment.  U.S. Regulatory Environment The Affordable Care Act (ACA), federal health care reform legislation, is intended to give Americans of all ages and income levels access to comprehensive major medical health insurance and gave the U.S. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance. The reform included major changes to the U.S. health care insurance marketplace. Among other changes, the reform legislation included an individual medical insurance coverage mandate, provided for penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, created health insurance exchanges, and addressed coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. It also imposed an excise tax on certain high cost plans, known as the “Cadillac tax,” that is currently scheduled to begin in 2020. The legislation also included changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. At this time it is unclear whether implementation of the ACA will continue. While the ACA was enacted in 2010, the major elements of the law became effective on January 1, 2014. We believe that the ACA, as enacted, does not require material changes in the design of our insurance products. However, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations. Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations issued thereunder, in particular rules to require central clearing and collateral for certain types of derivatives, may have an impact on Aflac's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of Aflac Japan. In 2015 and 2016, six U.S. financial regulators, including the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), issued final rules that impose greater obligations on swap dealers regarding uncleared swaps with certain counterparties, such as Aflac. Such rules, as well as similar regulations in Europe, become effective on March 1, 2017 and may result in more stringent collateral requirements or affect other aspects of Aflac's derivatives activity.  The Dodd-Frank Act also established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) under the U.S. Treasury Department to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance. Traditionally, U.S. insurance companies have been regulated primarily by state insurance departments. In December 2013, the FIO released a report entitled "How To Modernize And Improve The System Of Insurance Regulation In The United States." The report was required by the Dodd-Frank Act, and included 18 recommended areas of near-term reform for the states, including addressing capital adequacy and safety/soundness issues, reform of insurer resolution practices, and reform of marketplace regulation. The report also listed nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation. Some of the recommendations outlined in the FIO report released in December 2013 have been implemented. The National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers Reform Act, signed into law in January 2015, simplifies the agent and broker licensing process across state lines. The FIO has also engaged with the supervisory colleges to monitor financial stability and identify regulatory gaps for large national and internationally active insurers. The new presidential administration in the United States and Congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, such proposals will have on our U.S. business, financial condition, or results of operations. Under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, we are subject to assessments, based on the share of business we write in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. In the United States, some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. The Company's policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile's statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. In most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction.  51 Penn Treaty Network Company and its subsidiary American Network Insurance Company (collectively referred to as Penn Treaty) is a financially distressed long-term care insurance company, with no affiliation to us. Penn Treaty was placed in rehabilitation on January 6, 2009, and remained in rehabilitation as of December 31, 2016. Under state laws, health insurers will be assessed a share of the guarantee funds needed to protect Penn Treaty’s policyholders. This charge will be funded over several years and the cash will be largely recovered through premium tax credits over time. Current accounting practice only allows this charge to be recognized when a final court order of liquidation is declared, a condition that had not been met as of December 31, 2016. We expect to accrue a   charge of between  $10 million  and  $20 million , in future periods, for our portion of the assessment. Aflac U.S. Investments The level of investment income is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, and other factors.  Historically, Aflac U.S. has invested primarily in investment grade corporate bonds. In 2015, as part of the Company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, Aflac U.S. purchased high yield corporate bonds and senior secured middle market loan receivables and initiated a senior secured commercial mortgage loan investment program. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2016, Aflac U.S. initiated an infrastructure debt program. In  2016 , Aflac U.S. invested  $18 million  in high yield corporate bonds;  $207 million  in middle market loan receivables, of which  $41 million  was unfunded;  $111 million  in commercial mortgage loans; and  $2 million  in infrastructure debt. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had  $303 million  in outstanding commitments to fund potential future loan originations related to the middle market loan investment program. This commitment is contingent upon the availability of middle market loans that meet underwriting criteria. See Notes 1 and 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding loans and loans receivables. Starting in the first quarter of 2016, the Company initiated an allocation to dividend-focused U.S. public equity securities. The U.S. public equity securities portfolio had a cost basis of  $155 million  as of December 31, 2016. Funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. Purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. Aflac U.S. purchased debt, equity, and loan receivable investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately  $1.1 billion  in  2016 , compared with  $900 million  in  2015  and  $1.0 billion  in  2014 .  The following table presents the results of Aflac's U.S. investment yields for the years ended and as of December 31.   2016   2015   2014   New money yield  (1) 3.89 %   4.45 %   4.32 %   Return on average invested assets, net of investment expenses  (2) 5.04   5.19   5.46   Portfolio book yield, end of period  (1) 5.60 %   5.77 %   5.89 %   (1)  Includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, and equities (2)  Number reflected on a quarterly average basis The decrease in the Aflac U.S. new money yield in  2016  was primarily due to lower U.S. interest rates during much of the investment period.  The following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for Aflac U.S. ( $14.1 billion  in  2016  and  $13.7 billion  in  2015 ) as of December 31. 52 Composition of Portfolio by Sector   2016   2015   Debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:         Banks/financial institutions (1) 9.8 %   10.4 % Government and agencies .6   .7   Municipalities 4.8   5.1   Public utilities 15.9   16.9   Sovereign and supranational 1.4   1.4   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities .3   .3   Other corporate 53.7   52.0   Total debt and perpetual securities 86.5   86.8   Equity securities .8   .0   Other investments (2) 2.6   1.3   Cash and cash equivalents 10.1   11.9   Total investments and cash 100.0 %   100.0 % (1)  Includes  .3%  of perpetual securities at  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. (2)  Includes  2.5%  and  .9%  of loan receivables at  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Market Risks of Financial Instruments - Credit Risk subsection of MD&A for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments. OTHER OPERATIONS Corporate operating expenses consist primarily of personnel compensation, benefits, reinsurance retrocession activities, and facilities expenses. Corporate expenses, excluding investment and retrocession income, were  $141 million  in  2016 ,  $90 million  in  2015  and  $91 million  in  2014 . Investment income included in reported corporate expenses was  $18 million  in  2016 ,  $22 million  in  2015  and  $13 million  in  2014 , and net retrocession income was  $7 million  in  2016  and  2015 . ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION Our financial condition has remained strong in the functional currencies of our operations.  The yen/dollar exchange rate at the end of each period is used to translate yen-denominated balance sheet items to U.S. dollars for reporting purposes.   The following table demonstrates the effect of the change in the yen/dollar exchange rate by comparing select balance sheet items as reported at  December 31, 2016 , with the amounts that would have been reported had the exchange rate remained unchanged from  December 31, 2015 . Impact of Foreign Exchange on Balance Sheet Items (In millions)   As   Reported   Exchange Effect               Net of         Exchange Effect (1)            Yen/dollar exchange rate (2)   116.49               120.61   Investments and cash   $ 116,361       $ 2,522       $ 113,839   Deferred policy acquisition costs   8,993       197       8,796   Policy liabilities   93,726       2,853       90,873   (1) Amounts excluding foreign currency changes on U.S. dollar-denominated items (a non-U.S. GAAP measure) were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current period as the comparable period in the prior year. (2) The exchange rate at  December 31, 2016 , was  116.49  yen to one dollar, or  3.5%   stronger  than the  December 31, 2015 , exchange rate of  120.61 . 53 Investments   Our investment philosophy is to fulfill our fiduciary responsibility to invest assets in a prudent manner to meet the present and future needs of our policyholders' contractual obligations while maximizing the long-term financial return on assets consistent with the company goal of maximizing long-term shareholder value with defined risk appetites, limits, and maintaining adequate liquidity. The following table details investment securities by segment as of December 31. Investment Securities by Segment  (1)      Aflac Japan   Aflac U.S.   (In millions) 2016   2015   2016   2015   Securities available for sale, at fair value:                 Fixed maturities $ 59,903   $ 52,304   $ 13,250 $ 12,522 Perpetual securities 1,577   1,890   56   57   Equity securities 1,185   493   124   5   Total available for sale 62,665   54,687   13,430   12,584   Securities held to maturity, at amortized cost:                 Fixed maturities 33,350   33,459   0   0   Total held to maturity 33,350   33,459   0   0   Total investment securities $ 96,015   $ 88,146   $ 13,430   $ 12,584   (1) Excludes available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities held by the Parent Company and other business segments of  $607  in  2016  and $523  in  2015 . Other investments primarily consisted of loan receivables that are recorded at amortized cost on the acquisition date and are carried at adjusted amortized cost. The adjusted amortized cost of the loan receivables reflects allowances for expected incurred losses estimated based on past events and current economic conditions as of each reporting date. See the Loans and Loan Receivables section in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of these investments. Cash and cash equivalents totaled  $4.9 billion , or  4.2%  of total investments and cash, as of December 31, 2016, compared with  $4.4 billion , or  4.1% , at December 31, 2015. For a discussion of the factors affecting our cash balance, see the Operating Activities, Investing Activities and Financing Activities subsections of this MD&A. For additional information concerning our investments, see Notes 3, 4, and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The ratings of our securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major NRSROs (Moody's, S&P and Fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal analysis of such securities. For investment-grade securities where the ratings assigned by the major credit agencies are not equivalent, we use the second lowest rating that is assigned. For a description of the ratings methodology that we use when a security is below investment grade or split-rated, see "Investments, Below-Investment-Grade and Split-Rated Securities" in the Analysis of Financial Condition section of this MD&A.   The distributions of debt and perpetual securities we own, by credit rating, as of December 31 were as follows: 54 Composition of Securities Portfolio by Credit Rating      2016       2015     Amortized Cost     Fair       Value       Amortized Cost     Fair       Value     AAA   2.0 %       1.9 %       1.3 %       1.3 %   AA   5.0       5.0       5.7       5.7   A   63.1       65.2       61.0       63.0   BBB   24.6       23.2       26.9       25.1   BB or lower   5.3       4.7       5.1       4.9   Total   100.0 %       100.0 %       100.0 %       100.0 %   As of  December 31, 2016 , our direct and indirect exposure to securities in our investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate. The following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in our portfolio as of  December 31, 2016 . (In millions) Credit Rating   Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Unrealized     Loss     Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc.   BB       $ 141       $ 96       $ (45 )   Noble Holdings International Ltd.    B       98       68       (30 )   Deutsche Postbank AG   BB       206       179       (27 )   Investcorp Capital Limited   BB       368       346       (22 )   AXA (1)   BBB       282       263       (19 )   National Oilwell Varco Inc.   BBB       97       79       (18 )   Kommunal Lanspensjonskasse (KLP)  (1)   BBB       210       193       (17 )   Baker Hughes Inc.   BBB       122       107       (15 )   Transocean Inc.   B       72       57       (15 )   Bank of America Corp.   BBB       386       371       (15 )   (1)  Includes perpetual security Generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. At times in 2016, market volatility was at elevated levels, especially in the energy and commodity-related sectors.  As we believe these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest, we view these changes in fair value to be temporary and do not believe it is necessary to impair the carrying value of these securities. See the Unrealized Investment Gains and Losses section in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions, including perpetual securities, and other corporate investments. Securities by Type of Issuance  We have investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. Our ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer. The following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of December 31. 55 Investment Securities by Type of Issuance      2016       2015   (In millions) Amortized Cost   Fair    Value      Amortized Cost   Fair   Value   Publicly issued securities:                               Fixed maturities   $ 75,406       $ 86,132       $ 68,528       $ 74,933   Perpetual securities   51       75       77       111   Equity securities   1,196       1,300       473       489         Total publicly issued   76,653       87,507       69,078       75,533   Privately issued securities:  (1)                               Fixed maturities   24,307       27,649       25,573       27,936   Perpetual securities   1,455       1,558       1,764       1,836   Equity securities   7       9       7       9         Total privately issued   25,769       29,216       27,344       29,781         Total investment securities   $ 102,422       $ 116,723       $ 96,422       $ 105,314   (1)  Includes Rule 144A securities The perpetual securities we hold were largely issued by banks that are integral to the financial markets of the sovereign country of the issuer. As a result of the issuer's position within the economy of the sovereign country, our perpetual securities may be subject to a higher risk of nationalization of their issuers in connection with capital injections from an issuer's sovereign government. We cannot be assured that such capital support will extend to all levels of an issuer's capital structure.  In addition, certain governments or regulators may consider imposing interest and principal payment restrictions on issuers of hybrid securities to preserve cash and preserve the issuer's capital. Beyond the cash flow impact that additional deferrals would have on our portfolio, such deferrals could result in ratings downgrades of the affected securities, which in turn could result in a reduction of fair value of the securities and increase our regulatory capital requirements. We consider these factors in our credit review process. The following table details our privately issued investment securities as of December 31. Privately Issued Securities (Amortized cost, in millions) 2016   2015 Privately issued securities as a percentage of total investment securities 25.2 %   28.4 % Privately issued securities held by Aflac Japan $ 23,104   $ 24,602 Privately issued securities held by Aflac Japan as a percentage of total    investment securities 22.6 %   25.5 % Reverse-Dual Currency Securities (1)   (Amortized cost, in millions) 2016   2015 Privately issued reverse-dual currency securities $ 5,628   $ 5,372 Publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities 1,349   1,303 Total reverse-dual currency securities $ 6,977   $ 6,675 Reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment     securities 6.8 %   6.9 % (1) Principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars Aflac Japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on Japanese government or other public corporate bonds.   Aflac Japan’s investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-Japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing us to improve our asset/liability matching and our overall investment returns. These securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. Many of these investments  56 have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. These may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of our notes. Below-Investment-Grade and Split-Rated Securities We use specific criteria to judge the credit quality of both existing and prospective investments. The ratings referenced in the tables below are based on the ratings designations provided by the major credit rating agencies (Moody's, S&P, and Fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal credit analysis of such securities. When the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, we utilize the second lowest rating, regardless of how many of the three rating agencies actually rated the instrument. Split-rated securities are those where the ratings are not equivalent and one or more of the ratings is investment grade and one or more is below investment grade. For these split-rated securities, if there are only two ratings assigned by the credit rating agencies, we take the lower below-investment-grade rating. If there are three ratings assigned, and two of the three are below investment grade, we consider it a below-investment-grade security. If there are three ratings and two are investment grade, we consider it an investment grade security unless our evaluation and assessment shows a below-investment-grade rating is warranted despite two of the three rating agencies rating it investment grade.   Our portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. The following is our below-investment-grade exposure in accordance with the above described rating methodology as of December 31. 57 Below-Investment-Grade Securities  (1)      2016   2015   (In millions) Par Value   Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Unrealized Gain (Loss)   Par Value   Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Unrealized Gain(Loss)   Investcorp Capital Limited $ 368   $ 368   $ 346   $ (22 )   $ 357   $ 357   $ 324   $ (33 )   Republic of Tunisia 318   191   264   73   307   185   243   58   Navient Corp. 287   152   197   45   279   148   155   7   KLM Royal Dutch Airlines  (2) 257   189   213   24   249   183   205   22   Barclays Bank PLC  (2) 236   152   221   69   230   148   228   80   Deutsche Postbank AG 206   206   179   (27 )   199   199   175   (24 )   UPM-Kymmene 180   178   188   10   257   257   252   (5 )   Telecom Italia SpA 172   172   212   40   166   166   214   48   Generalitat de Catalunya 154   57   111   54   149   55   126   71   Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. 124   141   96   (45 )   *   *   *   *   IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG 112   47   91   44   108   46   79   33   Alcoa, Inc. 100   80   97   17   100   77   81   4   Noble Holdings International Ltd. 95   98   68   (30 )   *   *   *   *   Petrobras International    Finance Company 91   90   83   (7 )   91   88   64   (24 )   EMC Corp. 85   86   76   (10 )   *   *   *   *   Cenovus Energy Inc. 75   78   71   (7 )   *   *   *   *   Teck Resources Ltd. 70   73   66   (7 )   70   69   32   (37 )   Transocean Inc. 68   72   57   (15 )   68   71   38   (33 )   CF Industries Inc. 60   59   54   (5 )   *   *   *   *   Votorantim OverseasTrading    IV Ltd. 50   49   54   5   *   *   *   *   Weatherford Bermuda 49   49   39   (10 )   94   92   70   (22 )   Eskom Holdings Limited 35   35   35   0   50   50   43   (7 )   Commerzbank AG (includes    Dresdner Bank) *   *   *   *   332   213   321   108   DEPFA Bank PLC  0   0   0   0   166   166   166   0   Societe Generale  (2) 0   0   0   0   83   61   73   12   Other Issuers (below $50 million     in par value)  (3) 249   237   235   (2 )   333   306   277   (29 )             Subtotal  (4) 3,441   2,859   3,053   194   3,688   2,937   3,166   229   Senior secured bank loans  (5) 1,758   1,855   1,764   (91 )   1,400   1,327   1,362   35   High yield corporate bonds  (6) 614   602   624   22   609   621   581   (40 )             Grand Total $ 5,813   $ 5,316   $ 5,441   $ 125   $ 5,697   $ 4,885   $ 5,109   $ 224   * Investment grade at respective reporting date  (1)   Excludes middle market loan portfolio which are primarily identified as below investment grade (2)  Includes perpetual security (3)   Includes 13 issuers in 2016 and 15 issuers in 2015 (4)  Securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade (5)   Includes 197 issuers in  2016  and 201 in  2015 ; all issuers below $40 million in par value (6)  Includes 62 issuers in  2016  and 57 issuers in 2015; all issuers below $25 million in par value We invest in senior secured bank loans and middle market loans primarily to U.S. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. The bank loan and middle market loan investment programs are managed externally by third party firms specializing in this asset class and require a minimum average portfolio rating of low BB and a minimum single investment rating of low B from one of the NRSROs. The objectives of these programs include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets. Our investments in these programs totaled  $2.3 billion  at  December 31, 2016 , compared with  $1.5 billion  at  December 31, 2015 , on an amortized cost basis. 58 In 2015 and continuing into 2016, we began increasing our allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. portfolios. Most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but we also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. The objective of this allocation was to enhance our yield on invested assets and further diversify our credit risk. All investments must have a minimum rating of low BB using our above described rating methodology and are managed by our internal credit portfolio management team. Excluding the senior secured bank loans and certain high yield corporate bonds discussed above that were rated below investment grade when initially purchased, below-investment-grade debt and perpetual securities represented  2.8%  of total debt and perpetual securities at  December 31, 2016 , compared with  3.1%  at  December 31, 2015 , on an amortized cost basis. Debt and perpetual securities classified as below investment grade at  December 31, 2016  and  2015  were generally reported as available for sale and carried at fair value. Investments in Certain European Countries We own debt of various European issuers including corporate and government-related borrowers. Most European countries have seen improvement in their economies since the European debt crisis which has helped stabilized credit quality among European issuers. To support sustainable economic growth, the ECB in 2015 launched a quantitative easing (QE) stimulus program that was recently extended to December 2017, with reduced purchases to start in April 2017.  The 2016 referendum in the United Kingdom (UK) in favor of the UK withdrawing from the European Union (EU) (Brexit) has added a new level of uncertainty to Europe’s economic recovery, although financial markets have stabilized after initially reacting to Brexit with increased volatility. We cannot estimate the ultimate impact of Brexit, which may include changes to the economies of the UK and other EU countries, policy action by the UK government, the Bank of England, the EU, or the ECB, or an increase in economic isolationism throughout Europe and the rest of the world. We continue to monitor the European situation closely. Additionally, some of our European fixed-maturity investments contain covenants that we believe mitigate our risk. These may include put options that allow us to return our holdings to the issuer at a predetermined price, usually par, should the issuer be downgraded to below investment grade by a rating agency. Additionally, these covenants may include restrictions on the ability of the issuer to incur additional debt, sell assets, or provide collateral for indebtedness. As of December 31, 2016, all of the European issuers in our portfolios were current on their obligations to us, and we believe they have the ability to meet their obligations to us. Oil and Gas Exposure  As a result of the significant decline in oil prices, which began in the fourth quarter of 2014, there has been heightened attention to certain investments in the various energy sub-sectors related to the oil and gas industry. Although prices have recovered somewhat from the lows, the sector continues to operate in a period of lower prices and increased volatility. Our portfolio includes holdings diversified across multiple sub-sectors of the oil and gas industry, spread among multiple geographies. The following tables show the breakout of our exposure to the oil and gas industry as of December 31. 59   2016     Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses     Fair   Value             (In millions)         Securities available for sale,    carried at fair value:                                  Fixed maturities:                                        Independent exploration and production   $ 1,112       $ 122       $ 27       $ 1,207            Integrated energy   568       63       15       616            Midstream   1,157       146       21       1,282            Oil field services   1,016       35       143       908            Refiners   390       18       5       403            Government owned - energy related   893       204       10       1,087            Natural gas utilities   410       79       3       486               Total fixed maturities   5,546       667       224       5,989      Equity securities:                                        Integrated energy   30       1       0       31            Midstream   5       1       0       6            Refiners   5       1       0       6            Natural gas utilities   2       0       0       2               Total equity securities   42       3       0       45               Total securities available for sale   5,588       670       224       6,034   Securities held to maturity,    carried at amortized cost:                                  Fixed maturities:                                        Integrated energy   223       15       0       238            Government owned - energy related   258       21       0       279            Natural gas utilities   215       25       0       240               Total fixed maturities   696       61       0       757               Total securities held to maturity   696       61       0       757               Total securities available for sale                    and held to maturity   $ 6,284       $ 731       $ 224       $ 6,791   60   2015     Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses     Fair   Value             (In millions)         Securities available for sale,    carried at fair value:                                  Fixed maturities:                                        Independent exploration and production   $ 1,270       $ 73       $ 139       $ 1,204            Integrated energy   575       55       27       603            Midstream   1,246       76       144       1,178            Oil field services   1,155       27       228       954            Refiners   460       6       30       436            Government owned - energy related   887       182       25       1,044            Natural gas utilities   344       53       1       396               Total fixed maturities   5,937       472       594       5,815      Equity securities   3       0       0       3               Total securities available for sale   5,940       472       594       5,818   Securities held to maturity,    carried at amortized cost:                                  Fixed maturities:                                        Integrated energy   242       9       0       251            Government owned - energy related   249       5       0       254            Natural gas utilities   207       18       0       225               Total fixed maturities   698       32       0       730               Total securities held to maturity   698       32       0       730               Total securities available for sale                    and held to maturity   $ 6,638       $ 504       $ 594       $ 6,548   As of December 31, 2016, the weighted-average rating of our total fixed maturity energy exposure is BBB, and 88% of our exposure to the oil and gas industry was investment grade, compared to 93% at December 31, 2015. Further declines in oil and gas prices, unexpected increases in supply, or other company specific situations could lead to additional negative ratings activity from the public rating agencies for energy credit issuers. We do not currently expect our investments in the energy sector to have a material impact on our results of operations.   Hedging Activities Net Investment Hedge Our primary exposure to be hedged is our investment in Aflac Japan, which is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. To mitigate this exposure, we have taken several courses of action. First, Aflac Japan maintains certain unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of our investment in Aflac Japan. Second, we have designated the majority of the Parent Company’s yen-denominated liabilities (Samurai and Uridashi notes) as non-derivative hedging instruments and certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of our net investment in Aflac Japan. We make our net investment hedge designation at the beginning of each quarter. If the total of the designated Parent Company non-derivative and derivatives notional is equal to or less than our net investment in Aflac Japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. We estimate that if the designated net investment hedge positions exceeded our net investment in Aflac Japan by 10 billion yen, we would report a foreign exchange gain/loss of approximately $1 million for every 1% yen weakening/strengthening in the end-of-period yen/dollar exchange rate. Our net investment hedge was effective during the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , respectively.  The yen net asset figure calculated for hedging purposes differs from the yen-denominated net asset position as discussed in the Currency Risk subsection of MD&A. As disclosed in that subsection, the consolidation of the underlying assets in certain VIEs requires that we derecognize our yen-denominated investment in the VIE and recognize the  61 underlying fixed-maturity or perpetual securities and cross-currency swaps. While these U.S. dollar investments will create foreign currency fluctuations, the combination of the U.S. dollar-denominated investment and the cross-currency swap economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in Aflac Japan. Similarly, the combination of the U.S. corporate bonds and the foreign currency forwards and options that we have entered into, as discussed in the Aflac Japan Investment subsection of MD&A, economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in Aflac Japan. The dollar values of our yen-denominated net assets, including economic yen-denominated investments for net investment hedging purposes as discussed above, are summarized as follows (translated at end-of-period exchange rates) for the years ended December 31: (In millions) 2016   2015 Aflac Japan net assets   $ 16,215       $ 13,558   Aflac Japan unhedged dollar-denominated net assets   (9,694 )       (8,111 )      Consolidated yen-denominated net assets (liabilities)    $ 6,521       $ 5,447   For the hedge of our net investment in Aflac Japan, we have designated certain of the Parent Company's yen-denominated liabilities, certain unhedged U.S. dollar investments and foreign currency forwards and options as a hedge of our net investment in Aflac Japan. Our consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at  $1.3 billion  as of  December 31, 2016 , compared with $1.2 billion as of  December 31, 2015 .  See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our hedging activities. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs The following table presents deferred policy acquisition costs by segment for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   % Change       Aflac Japan $ 5,765   $ 5,370   7.4 % (1)   Aflac U.S. 3,228   3,141   2.8   Total $ 8,993   $ 8,511   5.7 %   (1)   Aflac Japan’s deferred policy acquisition costs increased  3.7%  in yen during the year ended  December 31, 2016 . See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our deferred policy acquisition costs. Policy Liabilities The following table presents policy liabilities by segment for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   % Change         Aflac Japan $ 84,141   $ 78,460   7.2  % (1)   Aflac U.S. 10,212   9,815   4.0   Other 91   43   100.0   Intercompany eliminations  (2) (718 )   (687 )   (100.0 )   Total $ 93,726   $ 87,631   7.0  %   (1)  Aflac Japan’s policy liabilities increased  3.6%  in yen during the year ended  December 31, 2016 . (2)  Elimination entry necessary due to recapture of a portion of policy liabilities ceded externally, as a result of the reinsurance   retrocession transaction as described in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our policy liabilities. 62 Notes Payable As of January 1, 2016, we adopted updated accounting guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs and have reclassified debt issuance costs related to a debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. Prior year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the current year adoption. See Note 1 of the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  Notes payable totaled  $5.4 billion  at  December 31, 2016 , compared with  $5.0 billion  at  December 31, 2015 .  In September 2016, the Parent Company issued two series of senior notes totaling $700 million through a U.S. public debt offering. The first series, which totaled $300 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.875% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 10-year maturity. The second series, which totaled $400 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 30-year maturity. In September 2016, the Parent Company entered into  two  series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling  30.0 billion  yen. The first series, which totaled 5.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to the Tokyo interbank market rate (TIBOR), or alternate TIBOR, if applicable, plus the applicable TIBOR margin. The applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. The second series, which totaled  25.0 billion  yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to TIBOR, or alternate TIBOR, if applicable, plus the applicable TIBOR margin. The applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. In December 2016, the Parent Company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished  $176 million  principal of its  6.90%  senior notes due 2039 and  $193 million  principal of its  6.45%  senior notes due 2040. The pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was  $137 million  ($89 million after-tax, or $.21 per diluted share). In September 2016, we extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate Uridashi notes upon their maturity and in July 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate Samurai notes upon their maturity. Subsequent to December 31, 2016, in January 2017 the Parent Company issued  60.0 billion  yen of senior notes through a U.S. public debt offering. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate of  .932%  per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a  10 -year maturity. These notes may only be redeemed before maturity, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting U.S. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance. See Note 9 of the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our notes payable. Benefit Plans Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. have various benefit plans. For additional information on our Japanese and U.S. plans, see Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Policyholder Protection The Japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. Legislation enacted regarding the framework of the Life Insurance Policyholder Protection Corporation (LIPPC) included government fiscal measures supporting the LIPPC. On March 30, 2012, the Diet approved legislation to enhance the stability of the LIPPC by extending the government's fiscal support of the LIPPC through March 2017. On November 25, 2016, Japan's Diet passed legislation that again extends the government's fiscal support of the LIPPC through March 2022. Effective April 2014, the annual LIPPC contribution amount for the total life industry was lowered from 40 billion yen to 33 billion yen.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of  December 31, 2016 , we had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. See Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on material unconditional purchase obligations that are not recorded on our balance sheet. 63 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY Aflac provides the primary sources of liquidity to the Parent Company through dividends and management fees. The following table presents the amounts provided for the years ended December 31. Liquidity Provided by Aflac to Parent Company (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   Dividends declared or paid by Aflac $ 2,000   $ 2,393   $ 1,473   Management fees paid by Aflac 260   255   267   The primary uses of cash by the Parent Company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock and  interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses. The Parent Company's sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable and are not expected to change materially in the future. For additional information, see the Financing Activities subsection of this MD&A. The Parent Company also accesses debt security markets to provide additional sources of capital. In August 2016, we filed a shelf registration statement with Japanese regulatory authorities that allows us to conduct public offerings of bonds in Japan, including yen-denominated Samurai notes, up to 200 billion yen or its equivalent through August 2018. The shelf registration statement is for possible public offerings in Japan, but the bonds issued under the shelf may be transferred by the bondholders to U.S. persons in compliance with U.S. law. We filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC in May 2015 that allows us to issue an indefinite amount of senior and subordinated debt, in one or more series, from time to time until May 2018. We believe outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. For additional information, see Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The principal sources of cash for our insurance operations are premiums and investment income. The primary uses of cash by our insurance operations are investments, policy claims, commissions, operating expenses, income taxes and payments to the Parent Company for management fees and dividends. Both the sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable. When making an investment decision, our first consideration is based on product needs. Our investment objectives provide for liquidity through the purchase of investment-grade debt securities. These objectives also take into account duration matching, and because of the long-term nature of our business, we have adequate time to react to changing cash flow needs. As a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. Therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments. We expect our future cash flows from premiums and our investment portfolio to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for benefits and expenses. In October 2016, the Parent Company and Aflac jointly entered into a  364 -day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of  $100 million .  Borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period.  There are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. Borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the financing agreement will mature no later than three months after the last drawdown date of October 14, 2017. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our  $100 million  credit agreement.  In March 2016, the Parent Company entered into a  three -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a group of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 100.0 billion yen on a revolving basis. Borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the TIBOR plus, at our option, either (a) the applicable TIBOR margin during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date or (b) the applicable TIBOR margin during the term out period. The applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75% during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date and .70% and 1.50% during the term out period, depending on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination. In addition, the Parent Company is required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between .30% and .50%, also based on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination. Borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the Parent Company, and will expire on the earlier of (a) March 31, 2019, or (b) the date the commitments  64 are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. The credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our 100.0 billion yen revolving credit agreement. The Parent Company and Aflac have a  five -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to  55.0 billion  yen or the equivalent of yen in U.S. dollars on a revolving basis. This credit agreement provides for borrowings in Japanese yen or the equivalent of Japanese yen in U.S. dollars on a revolving basis. Borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) a eurocurrency rate determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for certain additional costs or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus ½ of 1%, (2) the rate of interest for such day announced by Mizuho Bank, Ltd. as its prime rate and (3) the eurocurrency rate for an interest period of one month plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin.  The applicable margin ranges between .79% and 1.275% for eurocurrency rate borrowings and 0.0% and .275% for base rate borrowings, depending on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination. In addition, the Parent Company and Aflac are required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between  .085%  and  .225% , also based on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination. Borrowings under the amended and restated credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the Parent Company and Aflac. The amended and restated credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis and will expire on the earlier of (a) September 18, 2020, or (b) the date the commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our  55.0 billion  yen revolving credit agreement. The Parent Company and Aflac have an uncommitted bilateral line of credit with a third party that provides for borrowings in the amount of $50 million. Borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period. There are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. Borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our $50 million credit agreement.  Our financial statements convey our financing arrangements during the periods presented. We have not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in our balance sheet. We were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at  December 31, 2016 . We have not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. See Notes 1, 3, and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our securities lending and derivative activities. With the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes, we do not have a known trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in our liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount. Our cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which has minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure. The following table presents the estimated payments by period of our major contractual obligations as of  December 31, 2016 . We translated our yen-denominated obligations using the  December 31, 2016 , exchange rate.  Actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. 65 Distribution of Payments by Period (In millions) Total Liability (1)   Total Payments   Less Than One Year   One to Three Years   Four to Five Years   After Five Years Future policy benefits liability  (Note 7) (2) $ 76,106    $ 240,650   $ 8,410   $ 16,949   $ 16,664   $ 198,627 Unpaid policy claims liability  (Note 7) (3) 4,045    4,046   2,644   766   348   288 Other policyholders' funds  (Note 7) (3) 6,659   10,254   319   364   465   9,106 Long-term debt – principal  (Note 9) 5,339    5,388   650   0   593   4,145 Long-term debt – interest  (Note 9) 41    2,910   182   360   335   2,033 Cash collateral on loaned securities  (Note 3) 526   526   526   0   0   0 Operating service agreements  (Note 15) N/A (4)   608   167   297   144   0 Operating lease obligations  (Note 15) N/A (4)   145   62   59   24   0 Capitalized lease obligations  (Note 9) 21    21   6   11   3   1 Total contractual obligations $ 92,737    $ 264,548   $ 12,966   $ 18,806   $ 18,576   $ 214,200 Liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits in the amount of  $15  have been excluded from the tabular disclosure above because the timing of cash payment is not reasonably estimable. (1) Liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of  December 31, 2016 . (2) The estimated payments due by period reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits. These projected cash outflows are based on assumptions for future policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions comparable with our experience, consider future premium receipts on current policies in force, and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with assumptions used in amortizing deferred acquisition costs. These cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table of  $240,650  exceeds the corresponding liability amount of  $76,106 . We have made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts. Due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.  (3) Includes assumptions as to the timing of policyholders reporting claims for prior periods and the amount of those claims. Actual amounts and timing of unpaid policy claims payments may differ significantly from the estimates above.  (4) Not applicable For more information on our major contractual obligations, see the applicable Note in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as indicated in the line items in the table above. Consolidated Cash Flows We translate cash flows for Aflac Japan's yen-denominated items into U.S. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. In years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. When the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.  The following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   Operating activities $ 5,987   $ 6,776   $ 6,550   Investing activities (3,855 )   (4,897 )   (4,241 )   Financing activities (1,619 )   (2,187 )   (147 )   Exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents (4 )   0   (47 )   Net change in cash and cash equivalents $ 509   $ (308 )   $ 2,115   Operating Activities Consolidated cash flow from operations decreased  11.6%  in  2016 , compared with  2015 . The following table summarizes operating cash flows by source for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   Aflac Japan $ 4,605   $ 5,285   $ 5,711   Aflac U.S. and other operations 1,382   1,491   839   Total $ 5,987   $ 6,776   $ 6,550   66  The level of Aflac Japan operating cash flows during 2016 and 2015 was impacted by a decline in the sales of products such as WAYS, which resulted in a reduced amount of cash received from discounted advance premiums. We do not expect this trend to continue in 2017. Investing Activities Operating cash flow is primarily used to purchase investments to meet future policy obligations. The following table summarizes investing cash flows by source for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   Aflac Japan $ (3,075 )   $ (4,147 )   $ (4,129 )   Aflac U.S. and other operations (780 )   (750 )   (112 )   Total $ (3,855 )   $ (4,897 )   $ (4,241 )   Prudent portfolio management dictates that we attempt to match the duration of our assets with the duration of our liabilities. Currently, when our fixed-maturity securities and perpetual securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. However, the long-term nature of our business and our strong cash flows provide us with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. When needed or when market opportunities arise, we dispose of selected fixed-maturity and perpetual securities that are available for sale to improve the duration matching of our assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance our portfolio. As a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year. Dispositions before maturity were approximately  7%  of the annual average investment portfolio of fixed maturities and perpetual securities available for sale during the year ended  December 31, 2016 , compared with  5%  in  2015  and  6%  in  2014 .  Financing Activities Consolidated cash used by financing activities was  $1.6 billion  in  2016 ,  $2.2 billion  in  2015  and  $147 million  in  2014 . In September 2016, the Parent Company issued two series of senior notes totaling $700 million through a U.S. public debt offering. The first series, which totaled $300 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.875% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 10-year maturity. The second series, which totaled $400 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 30-year maturity. In September 2016, the Parent Company entered into two series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling 30.0 billion yen. The first series, which totaled 5.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to the TIBOR, or alternate TIBOR, if applicable, plus the applicable TIBOR margin. The applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. The second series, which totaled 25.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to TIBOR, or alternate TIBOR, if applicable, plus the applicable TIBOR margin. The applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. In December 2016, the Parent Company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished  $176 million  principal of its  6.90%  senior notes due 2039 and  $193 million  principal of its  6.45%  senior notes due 2040. The pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was  $137 million  ( $89 million  after-tax, or  $.21  per diluted share). In September 2016, we extinguished  8.0 billion  yen of  2.26%  fixed rate Uridashi notes upon their maturity and in July 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate Samurai notes upon their maturity. In August 2015, we extinguished $300 million of 3.45% fixed-rate senior notes upon their maturity. In August 2015, we extinguished a 5.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $41 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). In July 2015, we extinguished a 10.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $81 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). In March 2015, the Parent Company issued two series of senior notes totaling $1.0 billion through a U.S. public debt offering. The first series, which totaled $550 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.40% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a five-year maturity. The second series, which totaled $450 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a ten-year maturity. We have entered into cross-currency swaps that convert the U.S. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes into yen-denominated obligations which  67 results in lower nominal net interest rates on the debt. By entering into these cross-currency swaps, we economically converted our $550 million liability into a 67.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 2.40% in dollars to .24% in yen, and we economically converted our $450 million liability into a 55.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 3.25% in dollars to .82% in yen. In April 2015, the Parent Company used $1.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes that were issued in March 2015 to redeem all of our $850 million 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes due May 2019 and to pay a portion of the corresponding $230 million make-whole premium due to the investors of these notes.  In November 2014, the Parent Company issued $750 million of senior notes through a U.S. public debt offering. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. In July 2014, we redeemed 28.7 billion yen of our fixed rate Samurai notes and 5.5 billion yen of our variable rate Samurai notes upon their maturity (a total of approximately $335 million using the exchange rate on the date of redemption). See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the debt issuances discussed above. Cash returned to shareholders through dividends and treasury stock purchases was  $2.1 billion  in  2016 , compared with  $2.0 billion  in  2015  and  $1.9 billion  in  2014 . See our preceding discussion in this Capital Resources and Liquidity section of MD&A regarding the 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the Parent Company and Aflac in October 2016 in the amount of $100 million; the three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreements entered into by the Parent Company in March 2016 in the amount of 100 billion yen; the five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement entered into by the Parent Company and Aflac in September 2015 in the amount of 55 billion yen; and the $50 million uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the Parent Company and Aflac in February 2015. As of  December 31, 2016 , no borrowings were outstanding under these lines of credit. We were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at  December 31, 2016 . The following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended December 31. Treasury Stock Purchased (In millions of dollars and thousands of shares) 2016   2015   2014   Treasury stock purchases $ 1,422   $ 1,315   $ 1,210   Number of shares purchased:             Open market 21,618   21,179   19,660   Other 330   247   157      Total shares purchased 21,948   21,426   19,817   Treasury Stock Issued (In millions of dollars and thousands of shares) 2016   2015   2014   Stock issued from treasury:                Cash financing $ 46   $ 36   $ 33      Noncash financing 61   64   65      Total stock issued from treasury $ 107   $ 100   $ 98   Number of shares issued 1,852   1,770   1,763   Under share repurchase authorizations from our board of directors, we purchased  21.6 million  shares of our common stock in the open market in  2016 , compared with  21.2 million  shares in  2015  and  19.7 million  shares in  2014 . In August 2015, Aflac's board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 40 million shares of its common stock. As of  December 31, 2016 , a remaining balance of  26.8 million  shares of our common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by our board of directors. We currently plan to purchase  $1.3 billion  to  $1.5 billion  of our common stock in  2017 , front-end loaded in the first half of the year. See Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  68 Cash dividends paid to shareholders in  2016  of  $1.66  per share increased  5.1%  over  2015 . The  2015  dividend paid of  $1.58  per share increased  5.3%  over  2014 . The following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   Dividends paid in cash $ 658   $ 656   $ 654   Dividends through issuance of treasury shares 27   26   26   Total dividends to shareholders $ 685   $ 682   $ 680   In January 2017, the board of directors declared the first quarter 2017 cash dividend of  $.43  per share. The dividend is payable on  March 1, 2017 , to shareholders of record at the close of business on  February 15, 2017 . Regulatory Restrictions Aflac and CAIC are domiciled in Nebraska and are subject to its regulations. The Nebraska Department of Insurance imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances to the Parent Company. Under Nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the Nebraska Department of Insurance is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. In addition, the Nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. These regulatory limitations are not expected to affect the level of management fees or dividends paid to the Parent Company. A life insurance company’s statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the NAIC, as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company’s state of domicile. Statutory accounting rules are different from U.S. GAAP and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. Similar laws apply in New York, the domiciliary jurisdiction of the Parent Company's Aflac New York insurance subsidiary. As of December 2016, CAIC was redomiciled from South Carolina to   Nebraska. The continued long-term growth of our business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of our insurance operations. Aflac’s insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, equity contributions by the Parent Company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. The NAIC’s risk-based capital (RBC) formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. The RBC formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer’s operations. Aflac's company action level RBC ratio was  894%  as of  December 31, 2016 , compared with 933% at December 31, 2015. Aflac's RBC ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. As of  December 31, 2016 , Aflac's total adjusted capital of  $12.0 billion  exceeded the company action level required capital and surplus of  $1.3 billion  by  $10.7 billion . The maximum amount of dividends that can be paid to the Parent Company by Aflac without prior approval of Nebraska's director of insurance is the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. Dividends declared by Aflac during  2017  in excess of  $2.8 billion  would require such approval. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the impact of permitted practices by the Nebraska Department of Insurance on our statutory capital and surplus. The NAIC considers its Solvency Modernization Initiative (SMI) process relating to updating the U.S. insurance solvency regulation framework to be ongoing. The SMI has focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. Many of these key issues have been finalized and/or are near completion; however, the NAIC still has some ongoing initiatives related to SMI, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements and group supervision as well as risk-based capital.   Aflac is subject to the NAIC’s Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA), effective January 1, 2015. Through the ORSA requirements, Aflac is expected to regularly, no less than annually, conduct an ORSA to assess the adequacy of its risk management framework, and its current and estimated projected future solvency position; internally document the process and results of the assessment; and provide a confidential high-level ORSA Summary Report annually to the lead state commissioner if the insurer is a member of an insurance group. In November 2016, Aflac filed its ORSA report with the Nebraska Department of Insurance. In addition to limitations and restrictions imposed by U.S. insurance regulators, Japan’s FSA may not allow profit repatriations from Aflac Japan if the transfers would cause Aflac Japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of policyholders. The FSA maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the SMR. Aflac  69 Japan's SMR is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes, therefore we continue to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity. In the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing SMR to decline, we have two senior unsecured revolving credit facilities in the amounts of 100 billion yen and 55 billion yen, respectively, and a committed reinsurance facility in the amount of approximately 110 billion yen as a capital contingency plan. (see Notes 8 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). We have already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's SMR. For example, we employ policy reserve matching (PRM) investment strategies, which is a Japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces SMR interest rate sensitivity since PRM-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. For U.S. GAAP, PRM investments are categorized as available for sale. We also use foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of our U.S. dollar-denominated investments.   In the first quarter of 2015, Aflac Japan entered into a quota share arrangement to cede a portion of hospital benefits of one of our closed products. Under this coinsurance indemnity type of reinsurance, Aflac Japan released approximately 130 billion yen of FSA reserves. (See Notes 3, 4 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.) As of  December 31, 2016 , Aflac Japan's SMR was  945% , compared with  828%  at  December 31, 2015 . The FSA has been conducting field testing with the insurance industry concerning the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime. The field testing will assist the FSA in determining if an economic value-based solvency regime in Japan will be appropriate for the insurance industry. Payments are made from Aflac Japan to the Parent Company for management fees and to Aflac U.S. for allocated expenses and remittances of earnings. The following table details Aflac Japan remittances for the years ended December 31. Aflac Japan Remittances (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2016   2015   2014   Aflac Japan management fees paid to Parent Company $ 79   $ 53   $ 39   Expenses allocated to Aflac Japan (in dollars) 106   101   71   Aflac Japan profit remittances to Aflac U.S. (in dollars) 1,286   2,139   1,704   Aflac Japan profit remittances to Aflac U.S. (in yen) 138.5   259.0   181.4   In the fourth quarter of 2014, we began to increase the frequency of capital transfers from Japan to the United States to better manage cash flow. This capital repatriation is reflected in Aflac Japan's SMR. We entered into foreign exchange forwards and options as part of an economic hedge on foreign exchange risk on  114.0 billion  yen of profit repatriation received in 2016, resulting in  $64 million  less funds received when the yen were exchanged into dollars.  For additional information on regulatory restrictions on dividends, profit repatriations and other transfers, see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Other For information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed primarily to three types of market risks: currency risk, interest rate risk, and credit risk. Beginning in 2015 and continuing into 2016, we increased our investment allocation to dividend focused yen-denominated and U.S. dollar-denominated public equity securities, thereby increasing our exposure to equity risk. 70 Currency Risk The functional currency of Aflac Japan's insurance operations is the Japanese yen. Aflac Japan’s premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. Claims and most expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and U.S. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. These and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. Most of Aflac Japan's cash and liabilities are yen-denominated. Aflac Japan's yen-denominated investments consisted of fixed income securities of  $67.3 billion , at amortized cost, and equity securities of  $624 million , at cost, at  December 31, 2016 . However, Aflac Japan also owns U.S. dollar-denominated investments of  $16.3 billion , at cost or amortized cost, whose carrying value is hedged against currency risk as well as  $6.1 billion  of investments, at amortized cost, that are not hedged as of  December 31, 2016 . Included in the hedged U.S. dollar-denominated investments are senior secured bank loans of  $2.0 billion , at amortized cost, which we began hedging in the third quarter of 2016; dividend-focused U.S. public equity securities of  $460 million , at cost, which we began hedging in the third quarter of 2016; U.S. dollar-denominated commercial mortgage loans of  $745 million , at amortized cost and net of loan loss reserves; and U.S. dollar-denominated middle market loans of  $74 million , at amortized cost and net of loan loss reserves. Yen-denominated investment income accounted for  53%  of Aflac Japan's investment income in  2016 , with the remainder generated by U.S. dollar-denominated investments. In addition, Aflac Incorporated has yen-denominated debt obligations. We are exposed to currency risk as an economic event only when yen funds are actually converted into dollars. This occurs when we repatriate yen-denominated funds from Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S and with quarterly settlements of our reinsurance retrocession transactions. The exchange rates prevailing at the time of profit repatriation will differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. A portion of the yen repatriation may be used to service Aflac Incorporated's yen-denominated notes payable with the remainder converted into dollars. In order to economically hedge foreign exchange risk for a portion of the profit repatriation received in yen from Aflac Japan, we had foreign exchange forwards and options as part of a hedging strategy on  114.0 billion  yen received in 2016. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had foreign exchange forwards and options to economically hedge foreign exchange risk on  122.6 billion  yen of future profit repatriation from Aflac Japan. In addition to profit repatriation and the reinsurance retrocessions, certain investment activities for Aflac Japan expose us to economic currency risk when yen are converted into dollars. As noted above, we invest a portion of our yen cash flows in U.S. dollar-denominated assets. This requires that we convert the yen cash flows to U.S. dollars before investing. As previously discussed, for certain of our U.S. dollar-denominated securities, we enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of the securities. The dollar coupon or dividend payments received on these investments are not hedged and are subject to foreign exchange fluctuations, which are realized in earnings. Also, Aflac Japan has invested in reverse-dual currency securities (RDCs, or yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments), which exposes Aflac to changes in foreign exchange rates. The foreign currency effect on the yen-denominated securities is accounted for as a component of unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities in accumulated other comprehensive income, while the foreign currency effect on the dollar coupons is realized in earnings. The RDCs provided a higher yield at the time of purchase than those available on Japanese government or other public corporate bonds, while still adhering to our investment standards at the time of the transaction. The yen/dollar exchange rate would have to strengthen significantly before the yield on these instruments would equal that of a comparable JGB instrument. Aside from the activities discussed above, we generally do not convert yen into dollars; however, we do translate financial statement amounts from yen into dollars for financial reporting purposes. Therefore, reported amounts are affected by foreign currency fluctuations. We report unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income. In periods when the yen weakens against the dollar, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. When the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported. The weakening of the yen relative to the dollar will generally adversely affect the value of our yen-denominated investments in dollar terms. We attempt to minimize the exposure of shareholders' equity to foreign currency. We accomplish this by investing a portion of Aflac Japan's investment portfolio in U.S. dollar-denominated securities and by the Parent Company's issuance of yen-denominated debt (for additional information, see the discussion under the Hedging Activities subsection of MD&A). As a result, the effect of currency fluctuations on our net assets is reduced. The following table demonstrates the effect of foreign currency fluctuations by presenting the dollar values of our yen-denominated assets and liabilities, and our consolidated yen-denominated net asset exposure at selected exchange rates as of December 31. 71 Dollar Value of Yen-Denominated Assets and Liabilities at Selected Exchange Rates   (In millions) 2016   2015   Yen/dollar exchange rates 101.49   116.49  (1)   131.49   105.61   120.61 (1)   135.61   Yen-denominated financial instruments:                         Assets:                         Securities available for sale:                         Fixed maturities (2) $ 41,856   $ 36,467   $ 32,306   $ 31,544   $ 27,621   $ 24,566   Fixed maturities - consolidated variable    interest entities (3) 783   682   604   1,016   890   792   Perpetual securities 1,557   1,357   1,202   1,883   1,649   1,466   Perpetual securities - consolidated    variable interest entities (3) 231   201   178   214   187   167   Equity securities 155   136   120   408   357   318   Equity securities - consolidated variable   interest entities 653   569   504   149   130   116   Securities held to maturity:                         Fixed maturities 38,279   33,350   29,545   38,212   33,459   29,758   Cash and cash equivalents 1,013   883   782   730   640   569   Derivatives 2,245   1,207   3,515   2,416   676   968   Other financial instruments 206   178   159   179   156   139   Subtotal 86,978   75,030   68,915   76,751   65,765   58,859   Liabilities:                         Notes payable 304   265   235   234   205   183   Derivatives 1,712   1,998   5,549   545   371   1,901   Subtotal 2,016   2,263   5,784   779   576   2,084   Net yen-denominated financial instruments 84,962   72,767   63,131   75,972   65,189   56,775   Other yen-denominated assets 8,741   7,616   6,747   8,195   7,176   6,382   Other yen-denominated liabilities 102,132   88,981   78,830   94,775   82,988   73,808   Consolidated yen-denominated net assets      (liabilities) subject to foreign currency     fluctuation (2) $ (8,429 )   $ (8,598 )   $ (8,952 )   $ (10,608 )   $ (10,623 )   $ (10,651 )   (1)  Actual period-end exchange rate (2)  Does not include the U.S. dollar-denominated corporate bonds for which we have entered into foreign currency derivatives as discussed in the Aflac Japan Investment subsection of MD&A (3)  Does not include U.S. dollar-denominated bonds that have corresponding cross-currency swaps in consolidated VIEs We are required to consolidate certain VIEs. Some of the consolidated VIEs in Aflac Japan's portfolio use foreign currency swaps to convert foreign denominated cash flows to yen, the functional currency of Aflac Japan, in order to minimize cash flow fluctuations. Foreign currency swaps exchange an initial principal amount in two currencies, agreeing to re-exchange the currencies at a future date, at an agreed upon exchange rate. There may also be periodic exchanges of payments at specified intervals based on the agreed upon rates and notional amounts. Prior to consolidation, our beneficial interest in these VIEs was a yen-denominated available-for-sale fixed maturity security. Upon consolidation, the original yen-denominated investment was derecognized and the underlying fixed-maturity or perpetual securities and cross-currency swaps were recognized. The combination of a U.S. dollar-denominated investment and cross-currency swap economically creates a yen-denominated investment and has no impact on our net investment hedge position.  Similarly, the combination of the U.S. corporate bonds and the foreign currency forwards and options that we have entered into, as discussed in the Aflac Japan Investment subsection of MD&A, economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in Aflac Japan for net investment hedge purposes.  For additional information regarding our Aflac Japan net investment hedge, see the Hedging Activities subsection of MD&A.  72 Interest Rate Risk Our primary interest rate exposure is to the impact of changes in interest rates on the fair value of our investments in debt and perpetual securities. We monitor our investment portfolio on a quarterly basis utilizing a full valuation methodology, measuring price volatility, and sensitivity of the fair values of our investments to interest rate changes on the debt and perpetual securities we own. For example, if the current duration of a debt security or perpetual security is 10 years, then the fair value of that security will increase by approximately 10% if market interest rates decrease by 100 basis points, assuming all other factors remain constant. Likewise, the fair value of the debt security or perpetual security will decrease by approximately 10% if market interest rates increase by 100 basis points, assuming all other factors remain constant.   The estimated effect of potential increases in interest rates on the fair values of debt and perpetual securities we own; derivatives, excluding credit default swaps, and notes payable as of December 31 follows: Sensitivity of Fair Values of Financial Instruments to Interest Rate Changes    2016   2015 (In millions) Fair Value +100 Basis Points   Fair Value +100 Basis Points Assets:                           Debt and perpetual securities:                                Fixed-maturity securities:                                     Yen-denominated   $ 77,170     $ 66,636       $ 66,031     $ 57,470             Dollar-denominated   36,611     33,611       36,838     32,364        Perpetual securities:                                     Yen-denominated   1,558     1,434       1,836     1,704             Dollar-denominated   75     68       111     103                Total debt and perpetual securities   $ 115,414     $ 101,749       $ 104,816     $ 91,641   Derivatives   $ 1,205     $ 1,309       $ 675     $ 675   Liabilities:                           Notes payable (1)   $ 5,530     $ 5,175       $ 5,256 (2)     $ 4,907 (2)   Derivatives   1,998     1,901       371     200   (1) Excludes capitalized lease obligations (2) Amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs. There are various factors that affect the fair value of our investment in debt and perpetual securities. Included in those factors are changes in the prevailing interest rate environment, which directly affect the balance of unrealized gains or losses for a given period in relation to a prior period. Decreases in market yields generally improve the fair value of debt and perpetual securities, while increases in market yields generally have a negative impact on the fair value of our debt and perpetual securities. However, we do not expect to realize a majority of any unrealized gains or losses because we generally have the intent and ability to hold such securities until a recovery of value, which may be maturity. For additional information on unrealized losses on debt and perpetual securities, see Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We attempt to match the duration of our assets with the duration of our liabilities. The following table presents the approximate duration of Aflac Japan's yen-denominated assets and liabilities, along with premiums, as of December 31. (In years) 2016   2015   Yen-denominated debt and perpetual securities 15   14   Policy benefits and related expenses to be paid in future years 14   14   Premiums to be received in future years on policies in force 10   10   73 The following table presents the approximate duration of Aflac U.S. dollar-denominated assets and liabilities, along with premiums, as of December 31. (In years) 2016   2015   Dollar-denominated debt and perpetual securities 10   10   Policy benefits and related expenses to be paid in future years 8   8   Premiums to be received in future years on policies in force 6   6   The following table shows a comparison of average required interest rates for future policy benefits and investment yields, based on amortized cost, for the years ended December 31. Comparison of Interest Rates for Future Policy Benefits and Investment Yields (Net of Investment Expenses)    2016 2015 2014    U.S.         Japan U.S.         Japan U.S.         Japan Policies issued during year:                                     Required interest on policy reserves   3.67 %     1.38 % (1)     3.68 %     1.81 % (1)     3.65 %     1.87 % (1)   New money yield on investments   3.81     1.30     4.37     2.79     4.16     2.00   Policies in force at year-end:                                     Required interest on policy reserves   5.51     3.49 (1)     5.60     3.61 (1)     5.69     3.76 (1)   Portfolio book yield, end of period   5.52     2.52     5.69     2.70     5.73     2.76   (1) Represents investments for Aflac Japan that support policy obligations and therefore excludes Aflac Japan’s annuity products  We continue to monitor the spread between our new money yield and the required interest assumption for newly issued products in both the United States and Japan and will re-evaluate those assumptions as necessary. Over the next two years, we have yen-denominated securities that will mature with yields in excess of Aflac Japan's current net investment yield of  1.30% . These securities total  $1.2 billion  at amortized cost and have a weighted average yield of  3.47% . Currently, when debt and perpetual securities we own mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that of the interest required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. Overall, adequate profit margins exist in Aflac Japan's aggregate block of business because of changes in the mix of business and favorable experience from mortality, morbidity and expenses. Periodically, depending on general economic conditions, we may enter into derivative transactions to hedge interest rate risk.  For further information on interest rate derivatives, see Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Equity Risk Market prices for equity securities are subject to fluctuation and consequently the amount realized in the subsequent sale of an investment may significantly differ from the reported market value. Fluctuation in the market price of a security may result from the relative price of alternative investments and general market conditions. These fluctuations could impact the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition. If equity prices experienced a hypothetical broad-based decline of 10%, the fair value of our equity investments would decline by approximately  $130 million . Credit Risk A significant portion of our investment portfolio consists of debt securities or perpetual securities and loans that expose us to the credit risk of the underlying issuer or borrower. We carefully evaluate this risk on every new investment and closely monitor the credit risk of our existing investment portfolio. We incorporate the needs of our products and liabilities, the overall requirements of the business, and other factors in addition to our underwriting of the credit risk for each investment in the portfolio. 74 Evaluating the underlying risks in our credit portfolio involves a multitude of factors including but not limited to our assessment of the issuer's or borrower's business activities, assets, products, market position, financial condition, and future prospects. We incorporate the assessment of the NRSROs in assigning credit ratings and we incorporate the rating methodologies of our specialist external managers in assigning loan ratings to portfolio holdings. We perform extensive internal assessments of the credit risks for all our portfolio holdings and potential new investments, which includes using analyses provided by our specialist external managers. For assets managed by external asset managers, we provide investment and credit risk parameters that must be used when making investment decisions and require ongoing monitoring and reporting from the asset managers on significant changes in credit risks within the portfolio. Investment Concentrations Our 15 largest global investment exposures as of  December 31, 2016 , were as follows: Largest Global Investment Positions   Amortized   % of       Ratings (In millions) Cost   Total   Seniority   Moody’s   S&P   Fitch Japan National Government (1) $ 42,931   42.41 %   Senior   A1   A+   A Japan Housing Finance Agency 933   .92   Senior   —   AAA   — Republic of South Africa 515   .51   Senior   Baa2   BBB-   BBB- Bank of America NA 386   .38                     Bank of America Corp. 215   .21   Senior   Baa1   BBB+   A     Bank of America Corp. 171   .17   Lower Tier II   Baa3   BBB   A- Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd. 386   .38                  BTMU Curacao Holdings NV 386   .38   Lower Tier II   A2   —   A- Investcorp SA 368   .36                     Investcorp Capital Limited 318   .31   Senior   Ba2   —   BB     Investcorp Capital Limited 50   .05   Senior   Ba2   —   — JP Morgan Chase & Co.  336   .33                     JPMorgan Chase & Co. (including Bear Stearns Companies Inc.) 302   .30   Senior   A3   A-   A+     JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Bank One Corp.) 17   .02   Lower Tier II   Baa1   BBB+   A     JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NBD Bank) 11   .01   Lower Tier II   A1   A-   A     JPMorgan Chase & Co. (FNBC) 6   .00   Senior    Aa1   A+   — Banobras 318   .31   Senior   A3   BBB+   BBB+ Sultanate of Oman 300   .30   Senior   Baa1   BBB-   — Nordea Bank AB 289   .29                     Nordea Bank AB 221   .22   Tier I   Baa3   BBB   —     Nordea Bank Finland 68   .07   Upper Tier II   Baa2   —   — Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) 283   .28                     Pemex Proj FDG Master TR     258   .25   Senior   Baa3   BBB+   BBB+     Pemex Finance Ltd. 25   .03   Senior   Baa3   A   A+ AXA 282   .28                     AXA-UAP 231   .23   Upper Tier II   A3   BBB+   BBB     AXA 51   .05   CC FNB   A3   BBB+   BBB+ Deutsche Telekom AG 279   .28                     Deutsche Telekom AG 258   .26   Senior   Baa1   BBB+   BBB+     Deutsche Telekom International Finance 21   .02   Senior   Baa1   BBB+   BBB+ CFE 275   .27   Senior   Baa1   BBB+   BBB+ Barclays Bank PLC 271   .27                     Barclays Bank PLC 119   .12   Lower Tier II   Baa3   BBB-   A-     Barclays Bank PLC 106   .10   Upper Tier II   Ba1   BB   BBB     Barclays Bank PLC 39   .04   Tier I   Ba2   BB   BB+     Barclay's Bank PLC 7   .01   Tier I   Ba2   BB   BB+                  Subtotal $ 48,152   47.57 %                 Total debt and perpetual securities $ 101,219   100.00 %                 (1) JGBs or JGB-backed securities 75 As previously disclosed, we own long-dated debt instruments in support of our long-dated policyholder obligations. Some of our largest global investment holdings are positions that were purchased many years ago and increased in size due to merger and consolidation activity among the issuing entities. In addition, many of our largest holdings are yen-denominated, therefore strengthening of the yen can increase our position in dollars, and weakening of the yen can decrease our position in dollars. Our global investment guidelines establish concentration limits for our investment portfolios.   Geographical Exposure  The following table indicates the geographic exposure of our debt and perpetual securities as of December 31.   2016   2015   (In millions) Amortized Cost   % of  Total    Amortized Cost   % of  Total    Japan $ 46,977   46.3 %   $ 39,593   41.3 %   United States and Canada  (1) 30,583   30.1   31,622   33.0   United Kingdom 2,396   2.5   2,697   2.8   Germany 2,558   2.6   2,558   2.7   France 1,741   1.7   1,755   1.8   Peripheral Eurozone 2,597   2.6   2,762   2.9        Portugal 206   .2   200   .2        Italy 1,567   1.6   1,514   1.6        Ireland 118   .1   364   .4        Spain 706   .7   684   .7   Nordic Region 1,728   1.7   1,906   1.9        Sweden 704   .7   682   .7        Norway 520   .5   512   .5        Denmark 258   .3   332   .3        Finland 246   .2   380   .4   Other Europe 2,295   2.3   2,502   2.6        Netherlands 1,184   1.2   1,367   1.4        Switzerland 247   .3   246   .3        Czech Republic 429   .4   415   .4        Austria 119   .1   115   .1        Belgium 144   .1   182   .2        Poland 172   .2   166   .2        Luxembourg 0   .0   11   .0   Asia excluding Japan 3,425   3.4   3,325   3.5   Africa and Middle East 2,559   2.5   2,478   2.6   Latin America 2,205   2.2   2,172   2.3   Australia 1,705   1.7   2,135   2.2   All Others 450   .4   437   .4        Total debt and perpetual securities $ 101,219   100.0 %   $ 95,942   100.0 %   (1)  Includes total exposure to Puerto Rico of  $1 million  of required deposits at December 31, 2016 and 2015, of which  100%  and  72%            had principal and interest insurance as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The primary factor considered when determining the domicile of investment exposure is the legal country risk location of the issuer. However, other factors such as the location of the parent guarantor, the location of the company's headquarters or major business operations (including location of major assets), location of primary market (including location of revenue generation) and specific country risk publicly recognized by rating agencies can influence the assignment of the country (or geographic) risk location. When the issuer is a special financing vehicle or a branch or subsidiary of a global company, then we consider any guarantees and/or legal, regulatory and corporate relationships of the issuer relative to its ultimate parent in determining the proper assignment of country risk. 76 Derivative Counterparties We are a direct counterparty to the foreign currency swaps that we have entered into in connection with certain of our senior notes and subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards; foreign currency options; and interest rate swaptions, therefore we are exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties in those contracts. For the foreign currency and credit default swaps associated with our VIE investments for which we are the primary beneficiary, we bear the risk of foreign exchange and/or credit loss due to counterparty default even though we are not a direct counterparty to those contracts. The risk of counterparty default for our VIE and senior note and subordinated debenture swaps, foreign currency forwards and options, and swaptions is mitigated by collateral posting requirements the counterparty must meet. If collateral posting agreements are not in place, the counterparty risk associated with foreign currency forwards and foreign currency options is the risk that at expiry of the contract, the counterparty is unable to deliver the agreed upon amount of yen at the agreed upon price or delivery date, thus exposing the company to additional unhedged exposure to U.S. dollars in the Aflac Japan investment portfolio. See Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. ITEM 8.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our evaluation under this framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2016 . KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2016 , which is included herein. 77 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  The Board of Directors and Shareholders Aflac Incorporated:   We have audited Aflac Incorporated's (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2016 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Aflac Incorporated's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Aflac Incorporated maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2016 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Aflac Incorporated and subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2016 , and our report dated  February 24, 2017  expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. /s/ KPMG LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 24, 2017   78 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders Aflac Incorporated: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Aflac Incorporated and subsidiaries (the Company) as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2016 . These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Aflac Incorporated and subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2016 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Aflac Incorporated's internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2016 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated  February 24, 2017 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 24, 2017   79 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Earnings Years Ended  December 31,     (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts) 2016   2015   2014 Revenues:                       Net premiums, principally supplemental health insurance   $ 19,225       $ 17,570       $ 19,072   Net investment income   3,278       3,135       3,319   Realized investment gains (losses):                       Other-than-temporary impairment losses realized   (83 )       (153 )       (31 )   Sales and redemptions   215       303       215   Derivative and other gains (losses)   (255 )       (10 )       31   Total realized investment gains (losses)   (123 )       140       215   Other income (loss)   179       27       122   Total revenues   22,559       20,872       22,728   Benefits and expenses:                       Benefits and claims, net   12,919       11,746       12,937   Acquisition and operating expenses:                       Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs   1,141       1,066       1,108   Insurance commissions   1,368       1,303       1,436   Insurance expenses   2,452       2,214       2,261   Interest expense   268       289       317   Other expenses   344 (1)       392 (1)       178   Total acquisition and operating expenses   5,573       5,264       5,300   Total benefits and expenses   18,492       17,010       18,237   Earnings before income taxes   4,067       3,862       4,491   Income tax expense:                       Current   884       1,288       1,079   Deferred   524       41       461   Income taxes   1,408       1,329       1,540   Net earnings   $ 2,659       $ 2,533       $ 2,951   Net earnings per share:                       Basic   $ 6.46       $ 5.88       $ 6.54   Diluted   6.42       5.85       6.50   Weighted-average outstanding common shares used in    computing earnings per share (In thousands):                       Basic   411,471       430,654       451,204   Diluted   413,921       433,172       454,000   (1)  Includes expense of  $137  in 2016 and  $230  in 2015 for the payments associated with the early extinguishment of debt See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 80 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Years Ended  December 31,     (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Net earnings   $ 2,659       $ 2,533       $ 2,951   Other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes:                       Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during     period   283       360       (1,455 )   Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities:                       Unrealized holding gains (losses) on investment securities during     period   2,852       (2,534 )       5,947   Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains) losses on     investment securities included in net earnings   (53 )       (61 )       (54 )   Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period   3       0       (17 )   Pension liability adjustment during period   (45 )       (20 )       (76 )   Total other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes   3,040       (2,255 )       4,345   Income tax expense (benefit) related to items of other comprehensive     income (loss)   1,035       (901 )       1,803   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes   2,005       (1,354 )       2,542   Total comprehensive income (loss)   $ 4,664       $ 1,179       $ 5,493   See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 81  Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31,     (In millions) 2016   2015   Assets:         Investments and cash:         Securities available for sale, at fair value:         Fixed maturities (amortized cost $62,195 in 2016 and $56,903 in 2015) $ 68,778   $ 60,795   Fixed maturities - consolidated variable interest entities (amortized    cost $4,168 in 2016 and $3,739 in 2015) 4,982   4,554   Perpetual securities (amortized cost $1,269 in 2016 and $1,586 in 2015) 1,425   1,719   Perpetual securities - consolidated variable interest entities    (amortized cost $237 in 2016 and $255 in 2015) 208   228   Equity securities (cost $231 in 2016 and $117 in 2015) 265   135   Equity securities - consolidated variable interest entities    (cost $972 in 2016 and $363 in 2015) 1,044   363   Securities held to maturity, at amortized cost:         Fixed maturities (fair value $40,021 in 2016 and $37,520 in 2015) 33,350   33,459   Other investments 1,450 (1)   294   Cash and cash equivalents 4,859   4,350   Total investments and cash 116,361   105,897   Receivables 669   705   Accrued investment income 754   768   Deferred policy acquisition costs 8,993   8,511   Property and equipment, at cost less accumulated depreciation 433   427   Other (2) 2,609   1,948   Total assets $ 129,819   $ 118,256   (1)  Includes  $819  in 2016 of loan receivables from consolidated variable interest entities (2)  Includes  $127  in  2016  and  $102  in  2015  of derivatives from consolidated variable interest entities Prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs.  See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.            (continued) 82 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued) December 31,     (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts) 2016   2015   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity:         Liabilities:         Policy liabilities:         Future policy benefits $ 76,106   $ 69,687   Unpaid policy claims 4,045   3,802   Unearned premiums 6,916   7,857   Other policyholders’ funds 6,659   6,285   Total policy liabilities 93,726   87,631   Income taxes 5,387   4,340   Payables for return of cash collateral on loaned securities 526   941   Notes payable 5,360   4,971   Other (3) 4,338   2,665   Total liabilities 109,337   100,548   Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 15)     Shareholders’ equity:         Common stock of $.10 par value. In thousands: authorized 1,900,000     shares in 2016 and 2015; issued 671,249 shares in 2016 and 669,723    shares in 2015 67   67   Additional paid-in capital 1,976   1,828   Retained earnings 25,981   24,007   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):         Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) (1,983 )   (2,196 )   Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities 4,805   2,986   Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives (24 )   (26 )   Pension liability adjustment (168 )   (139 )   Treasury stock, at average cost (10,172 )   (8,819 )   Total shareholders’ equity 20,482   17,708   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 129,819   $ 118,256   (3)  Includes  $146  in  2016  and  $293  in  2015  of derivatives from consolidated variable interest entities Prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs.  See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 83 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity Years Ended  December 31,     (In millions, except for per-share amounts) 2016   2015   2014 Common stock:           Balance, beginning of period $ 67   $ 67   $ 67 Balance, end of period 67   67   67 Additional paid-in capital:           Balance, beginning of period 1,828   1,711   1,644 Exercise of stock options 46   43   29 Share-based compensation 64   36   (3 ) Gain (loss) on treasury stock reissued 38   38   41 Balance, end of period 1,976   1,828   1,711 Retained earnings:           Balance, beginning of period 24,007   22,156   19,885 Net earnings 2,659   2,533   2,951 Dividends to shareholders ($1.66 per share in 2016, $1.58 per share in 2015 and     $1.50 per share in 2014) (685 )   (682 )   (680 ) Balance, end of period 25,981   24,007   22,156 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):           Balance, beginning of period 625   1,979   (563 ) Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during    period, net of income taxes 213   345   (1,036 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities during period,    net of income taxes and reclassification adjustments 1,819   (1,686 )   3,637 Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period, net of    income taxes 2   0   (14 ) Pension liability adjustment during period, net of income taxes (29 )   (13 )   (45 ) Balance, end of period 2,630   625   1,979 Treasury stock:           Balance, beginning of period (8,819 )   (7,566 )   (6,413 ) Purchases of treasury stock (1,422 )   (1,315 )   (1,210 ) Cost of shares issued 69   62   57 Balance, end of period (10,172 )   (8,819 )   (7,566 ) Total shareholders’ equity $ 20,482   $ 17,708   $ 18,347 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 84 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended  December 31, (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Cash flows from operating activities:                       Net earnings   $ 2,659       $ 2,533       $ 2,951   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities:                       Change in receivables and advance premiums   42       147       (7 )   Increase in deferred policy acquisition costs   (306 )       (241 )       (225 )   Increase in policy liabilities   3,331       3,524       3,614   Change in income tax liabilities   (93 )       (36 )       123   Realized investment (gains) losses   123       (140 )       (215 )   Other, net   231 (1)       989 (1)       309   Net cash provided (used) by operating activities   5,987       6,776       6,550   Cash flows from investing activities:                       Proceeds from investments sold or matured:                       Securities available for sale:                       Fixed maturities sold   5,157       3,224       4,178   Fixed maturities matured or called   1,096       1,132       1,001   Perpetual securities matured or called   470       647       203   Equity securities sold   350       1       0   Securities held to maturity:                       Fixed maturities matured or called   1,399       766       8,475   Costs of investments acquired:                       Available-for-sale fixed maturities acquired   (10,890 )       (6,507 )       (10,978 )   Available-for-sale equity securities acquired   (1,079 )       (454 )       (5 )   Held-to-maturity fixed maturities acquired   0       0       (3,564 )   Other investments, net   (1,118 )       (70 )       272   Purchase of subsidiary   0       (40 )       0   Settlement of derivatives, net   1,252       (2,119 )       (636 )   Cash received (pledged or returned) as collateral, net   (416 )       (1,391 )       (3,217 )   Other, net   (76 )       (86 )       30   Net cash provided (used) by investing activities   (3,855 )       (4,897 )       (4,241 )   Cash flows from financing activities:                       Purchases of treasury stock   (1,422 )       (1,315 )       (1,210 )   Proceeds from borrowings   986       998       750   Principal payments under debt obligations   (610 )       (1,272 )       (335 )   Dividends paid to shareholders   (658 )       (656 )       (654 )   Change in investment-type contracts, net   159       256       1,253   Treasury stock reissued   46       36       33   Other, net   (120 ) (1)       (234 ) (1)       16   Net cash provided (used) by financing activities   (1,619 )       (2,187 )       (147 )   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   (4 )       0       (47 )   Net change in cash and cash equivalents   509       (308 )       2,115   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period   4,350       4,658       2,543   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period   $ 4,859       $ 4,350       $ 4,658   Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:                       Income taxes paid   $ 1,526       $ 996       $ 1,416   Interest paid   211       236       241   Noncash interest   57     53       76   Impairment losses included in realized investment losses   83       153       31   Noncash financing activities:                       Capital lease obligations   1       6       9   Treasury stock issued for:                          Associate stock bonus   30       35       35      Shareholder dividend reinvestment   27       26       26      Share-based compensation grants   4       3       4   (1)  Operating activities excludes and financing activities includes a cash outflow of  $137  in 2016 and  $230  in 2015 for the payments associated with the early extinguishment of debt  See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 85 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Description of Business   Aflac Incorporated (the Parent Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) primarily sell supplemental health and life insurance in the United States and Japan. The Company's insurance business is marketed and administered through American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac), which operates in the United States (Aflac U.S.) and as a branch in Japan (Aflac Japan). American Family Life Assurance Company of New York (Aflac New York) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Aflac. Most of Aflac's policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. Additionally, Aflac U.S. markets and administers group products through Continental American Insurance Company (CAIC), branded as Aflac Group Insurance. Our insurance operations in the United States and our branch in Japan service the two markets for our insurance business. Aflac Japan's revenues, including realized gains and losses on its investment portfolio, accounted for  71%  of the Company's total revenues in  2016 , compared with  70%  in  2015  and  72%  in  2014 . The percentage of the Company's total assets attributable to Aflac Japan was  83%  at both  December 31, 2016  and  2015 .  Basis of Presentation We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).  These principles are established primarily by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). In these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, references to U.S. GAAP issued by the FASB are derived from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification TM  (ASC). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates when recording transactions resulting from business operations based on currently available information. The most significant items on our balance sheet that involve a greater degree of accounting estimates and actuarial determinations subject to changes in the future are the valuation of investments, deferred policy acquisition costs, liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. These accounting estimates and actuarial determinations are sensitive to market conditions, investment yields, mortality, morbidity, commission and other acquisition expenses, and terminations by policyholders. As additional information becomes available, or actual amounts are determinable, the recorded estimates will be revised and reflected in operating results. Although some variability is inherent in these estimates, we believe the amounts provided are adequate. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Parent Company, its subsidiaries and those entities required to be consolidated under applicable accounting standards.  All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.   Significant Accounting Policies Translation of Foreign Currencies:  The functional currency of Aflac Japan's insurance operations is the Japanese yen. We translate our yen-denominated financial statement accounts into U.S. dollars as follows. Assets and liabilities are translated at end-of-period exchange rates. Realized gains and losses on security transactions are translated at the exchange rate on the trade date of each transaction. Other revenues, expenses and cash flows are translated using average exchange rates for the period. The resulting currency translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. We include in earnings the realized currency exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions.  We have designated a majority of the Parent Company's yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and yen-denominated loans) as non-derivative hedges and designated foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of the foreign currency exposure of our investment in Aflac Japan. Outstanding principal and related accrued interest on these Parent Company liabilities and the fair value of these derivatives are translated into U.S. dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Currency translation adjustments and changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded as unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) in other comprehensive income and are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Insurance Revenue and Expense Recognition:  The supplemental health and life insurance policies we issue are classified as long-duration contracts. The contract provisions generally cannot be changed or canceled during the contract period; however, we may adjust premiums for supplemental health policies issued in the United States within prescribed guidelines and with the approval of state insurance regulatory authorities. 86 Insurance premiums for most of the Company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, dental, vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. When revenues are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues, so that profits are recognized in proportion to premium revenues during the period the policies are expected to remain in force. This association is accomplished by means of annual additions to the liability for future policy benefits and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs. Premiums from the Company's products with limited-pay features, including term life, whole life, WAYS, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the period over which benefits are provided. Premiums for these products are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. Any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded in earnings, such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. Benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. A liability for future policy benefits is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method. At the policyholder's option, customers can also pay discounted advanced premiums for certain of our products. Advanced premiums are deferred and recognized when due from policyholders over the regularly scheduled premium payment period. The calculation of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) and the liability for future policy benefits requires the use of estimates based on sound actuarial valuation techniques. For new policy issues, we review our actuarial assumptions and deferrable acquisition costs each year and revise them when necessary to more closely reflect recent experience and studies of actual acquisition costs. For policies in force, we evaluate DAC by major product groupings to determine that they are recoverable from future revenues, and any amounts determined not to be recoverable are charged against net earnings. We have not had any material charges to earnings for DAC that was determined not to be recoverable in any of the years presented in this Form 10-K.  Advertising expense is reported as incurred in insurance expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. Cash and Cash Equivalents:  Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, money market instruments and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased. Investments:  Our debt securities consist of fixed-maturity securities, which are classified as either held to maturity or available for sale. Securities classified as held to maturity are securities that we have the ability and intent to hold to maturity or redemption and are carried at amortized cost. All other fixed-maturity debt securities, our perpetual securities and our equity securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value. If the fair value is higher than the amortized cost for debt and perpetual securities, or the purchase cost for equity securities, the excess is an unrealized gain, and if lower than cost, the difference is an unrealized loss. The net unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale, plus the unamortized unrealized gains and losses on debt securities transferred to the held-to-maturity portfolio, less related deferred income taxes, are recorded through other comprehensive income and included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Amortized cost of debt and perpetual securities is based on our purchase price adjusted for accrual of discount, or amortization of premium, and recognition of impairment charges, if any. The amortized cost of debt and perpetual securities we purchase at a discount or premium will equal the face or par value at maturity or the call date, if applicable. Interest is reported as income when earned and is adjusted for amortization of any premium or discount. We have investments in variable interest entities (VIEs). Criteria for evaluating VIEs for consolidation focuses on identifying which enterprise has the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (1) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or (2) the right to receive benefits from the entity. We are the primary beneficiary of certain VIEs, and therefore consolidate these entities in our financial statements. While the VIEs generally operate within a defined set of documents, there are certain powers that are retained by us that are considered significant in our conclusion that we are the primary beneficiary. These powers vary by structure but generally include the initial selection of the underlying collateral or, for collateralized debt obligations (CDOs), the reference credits to include in the structure; the ability to obtain the underlying collateral in the event of default; and the ability to appoint or dismiss key parties in the structure. In particular, our powers surrounding the underlying collateral were considered to be the most significant powers since those most significantly impact the economics of the VIE. We have no obligation to provide any continuing financial support to any of the entities in which we are the primary beneficiary. Our maximum loss is limited to our original investment. Neither we nor any of our creditors have the ability to  87 obtain the underlying collateral, nor do we have control over the instruments in the VIEs, unless there is an event of default. For those entities where we are the primary beneficiary, the assets consolidated are fixed-maturity securities, perpetual securities, equity securities, and derivative instruments; collateral consisting of these asset classes is reported separately with the caption "- consolidated variable interest entities" on our balance sheet.  For the mortgage- and asset-backed securities held in our fixed maturities portfolio, we recognize income using a constant effective yield, which is based on anticipated prepayments and the estimated economic life of the securities. When estimates of prepayments change, the effective yield is recalculated to reflect actual payments to date and anticipated future payments. The net investment in mortgage- and asset-backed securities is adjusted to the amount that would have existed had the new effective yield been applied at the time of acquisition. This adjustment is reflected in net investment income.  We use the specific identification method to determine the gain or loss from securities transactions and report the realized gain or loss in the consolidated statements of earnings. Securities transactions are accounted for based on values as of the trade date of the transaction. An investment in a fixed maturity, perpetual security or equity security is impaired if the fair value falls below book value. We regularly review our entire investment portfolio for declines in value. Our fixed maturities and investment-grade perpetual securities investments are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment using our debt impairment model. Our debt impairment model focuses on the ultimate collection of the cash flows from our investments and whether we have the intent to sell or if it is more likely than not we would be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. The determination of the amount of impairments under this model is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective securities. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.  When determining our intention to sell a security prior to recovery of its fair value to amortized cost, we evaluate facts and circumstances such as, but not limited to, future cash flow needs, decisions to reposition our security portfolio, and risk profile of individual investment holdings. We perform ongoing analyses of our liquidity needs, which includes cash flow testing of our policy liabilities, debt maturities, projected dividend payments and other cash flow and liquidity needs. Our cash flow testing includes extensive duration analysis of our investment portfolio and policy liabilities. Based on our analyses, we have concluded that we have sufficient excess cash flows to meet our liquidity needs without selling any of our investments prior to their maturity.  The determination of whether an impairment in value of our debt securities is other than temporary is based largely on our evaluation of the issuer ' s creditworthiness. We must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. Factors that may influence this include the overall level of interest rates, credit spreads, the credit quality of the underlying issuer, and other factors. This process requires consideration of risks which can be controlled to a certain extent, such as credit risk, and risks which cannot be controlled, such as interest rate risk and foreign currency risk. If, after monitoring and analyses, management believes that fair value will not recover to amortized cost prior to the disposal of the security, we recognize an other-than-temporary impairment of the security. Once a security is considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired, the impairment loss is separated into two separate components: the portion of the impairment related to credit and the portion of the impairment related to factors other than credit. We recognize a charge to earnings for the credit-related portion of other-than-temporary impairments. Impairments related to factors other than credit are charged to earnings in the event we intend to sell the security prior to the recovery of its amortized cost or if it is more likely than not that we would be required to dispose of the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost; otherwise, non-credit-related other-than-temporary impairments are charged to other comprehensive income. Our investments in perpetual securities that are rated below investment grade and equity securities are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment under our equity impairment model. Our equity impairment model focuses on the severity of a security's decline in fair value coupled with the length of time the fair value of the security has been below amortized cost and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. For equity securities that have declines in value that are deemed to be temporary, we make an assertion as to our ability and intent to retain the security until recovery. Once identified, these equity securities are restricted from trading unless authorized based upon significant events that could not have been foreseen at the time we asserted our ability and intent to retain the security until recovery. If management believes that the equity security will not recover prior to the disposal of the security, we recognize an other-than-temporary impairment of the security. Once an equity security is considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired, its fair value on that date becomes the new cost basis and the impairment loss is recognized in earnings. 88 We lend fixed-maturity securities to financial institutions in short-term security lending transactions. These securities continue to be carried as investment assets on our balance sheet during the terms of the loans and are not reported as sales. We receive cash or other securities as collateral for such loans. For loans involving unrestricted cash or securities as collateral, the collateral is reported as an asset with a corresponding liability for the return of the collateral. Other investments include policy loans, middle market loans, commercial mortgage loans, and other short-term investments with maturities of one year or less, but greater than 90 days, at the time of purchase. We invest in middle market loans through participation rights, and commercial mortgage loans that are accounted for as loan receivables and recorded at amortized cost on the acquisition date. Since we have the intent and ability to hold these loan receivables for the foreseeable future or until they mature, they are considered held for investment and are carried at adjusted amortized cost in the other investments line on our consolidated balance sheets. The adjusted amortized cost of the loan receivables reflects allowances for expected incurred losses estimated based on past events and current economic conditions as of each reporting date. Other short-term investments are stated at amortized cost, which approximates estimated fair value. Derivatives and Hedging:  Freestanding derivative instruments are reported in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value and are reported in other assets and other liabilities, with changes in value reported in earnings and/or other comprehensive income. These freestanding derivatives are interest rate swaps, foreign currency swaps, credit default swaps (CDSs), foreign currency forwards, foreign currency options, and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions). Interest rate and foreign currency swaps are used within VIEs to hedge the risk arising from interest rate and currency exchange risk, while the CDSs are used to increase the yield and improve the diversification of the portfolio. Foreign currency forwards and options are used in hedging foreign exchange risk on U.S. dollar-denominated investments in Aflac Japan's portfolio. Foreign currency forwards and options are used to hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. Interest rate swaps are used to hedge the variability of interest cash flows associated with our variable interest rate notes. Cross-currency interest rate swaps, also referred to as foreign currency swaps, are used to economically convert certain U.S. dollar-denominated note obligations into yen-denominated principal and interest obligations. Interest rate swaptions have been used to hedge interest rate risk for certain U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale securities. We do not use derivatives for trading purposes, nor do we engage in leveraged derivative transactions.  From time to time, we purchase certain investments that contain an embedded derivative. We assess whether this embedded derivative is clearly and closely related to the asset that serves as its host contract. If we deem that the embedded derivative's terms are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, and a separate instrument with the same terms would qualify as a derivative instrument, the derivative is separated from that contract, held at fair value and reported with the host instrument in the consolidated balance sheet, with changes in fair value reported in earnings. If we have elected the fair value option, the embedded derivative is not bifurcated, and the entire investment is held at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. For those relationships where we seek hedge accounting, we formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk-management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments that are designated as hedges to specific assets or liabilities on the balance sheet. We also assess, both at inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments used in hedging activities are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged items. The assessment of hedge effectiveness determines the accounting treatment of noncash changes in fair value.  Changes in the fair value of any of our derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income as long as they are deemed effective. Any hedge ineffectiveness is recorded immediately in current period earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). Periodic derivative net coupon settlements are recorded in the line item of the consolidated statements of earnings in which the cash flows of the hedged item are recorded.  Changes in the estimated fair value of derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, including amounts measured as ineffectiveness, and changes in the estimated fair value of the hedged item related to the designated risk being hedged, are reported in current earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). We have designated the majority of the Parent Company's yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and yen-denominated loans) as non-derivative hedges and designated certain derivatives as hedges of the foreign currency exposure to our investment in Aflac Japan. At the beginning of each quarter, we make our net investment hedge designation. If the total of the designated Parent Company non-derivative and derivatives notional is equal to or less than  89 our net investment in Aflac Japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. Should these designated net investment hedge positions exceed our net investment in Aflac Japan, the foreign exchange effect on the portion that exceeds our investment in Aflac Japan would be recognized in current earnings within derivative and other gains (losses).  Derivatives that are not designated as hedges are carried at fair value with all changes in fair value recorded in current period earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). We include the fair value of all freestanding derivatives in either other assets or other liabilities on the balance sheet. We receive and pledge cash or other securities as collateral on open derivative positions. Cash received as collateral is reported as an asset with a corresponding liability for the return of the collateral. Cash pledged as collateral is recorded as a reduction to cash, and a corresponding receivable is recognized for the return of the cash collateral. We generally can repledge or resell collateral obtained by us, although we do not typically exercise such rights. Securities received as collateral are not recognized unless we were to exercise our right to sell that collateral or exercise remedies on that collateral upon a counterparty default. Securities that we have pledged as collateral continue to be carried as investment assets on our balance sheet.  Freestanding derivatives are carried at estimated fair value in our consolidated balance sheets either as other assets or as other liabilities. See Note 5 for a discussion on how we determine the fair value of our derivatives. Accruals on derivatives are typically recorded in accrued investment income or within other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.  If a derivative is not designated as an accounting hedge or its use in managing risk does not qualify for hedge accounting, changes in the estimated fair value of the derivative are generally reported within derivative and other gains(losses), which is a component of realized investment gains (losses). The fluctuations in estimated fair value of derivatives that have not been designated for hedge accounting can result in volatility in net earnings. To qualify for hedge accounting treatment, a derivative must be highly effective in mitigating the designated risk of the hedged item. At the inception of the hedging relationship for hedges we elect to designate for hedge accounting treatment, we formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking each hedge transaction. We document the designation of each hedge as either (i) a hedge of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability or the hedge of a forecasted transaction ("cash flow hedge"); (ii) a hedge of the estimated fair value of a recognized asset or liability ("fair value hedge"); or (iii) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation. The documentation process includes linking derivatives and nonderivatives that are designated as hedges to specific assets or groups of assets or liabilities on the statement of financial position or to specific forecasted transactions and defining the effectiveness and ineffectiveness testing methods to be used. At the hedge's inception and on an ongoing quarterly basis, we also formally assess whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been, and are expected to continue to be, highly effective in offsetting their designated risk. Hedge effectiveness is assessed using qualitative and quantitative methods.  For assessing hedge effectiveness of cash flow hedges, qualitative methods may include the comparison of critical terms of the derivative to the hedged item, and quantitative methods may include regression or other statistical analysis of changes in cash flows associated with the hedge relationship. Hedge ineffectiveness of the hedge relationships on our VIE cash flow hedges is measured each reporting period using the “Hypothetical Derivative Method.” For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). All components of each derivative's gain or loss are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness.  For assessing hedge effectiveness of fair value hedges, qualitative methods may include the comparison of critical terms of the derivative to the hedged item, and quantitative methods may include regression or other statistical analysis of changes in fair value associated with the hedge relationship. Hedge ineffectiveness of the hedge relationships is measured each reporting period using the dollar offset method. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, changes in the estimated fair value of the derivative, including amounts measured as ineffectiveness, and changes in the estimated fair value of the hedged item related to the designated risk being hedged, are reported in current earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). When assessing the effectiveness of our fair value hedges, we exclude the changes in fair value related to the difference between the spot and the forward rate on our foreign currency forwards and the time value of options. 90 For the hedge of our net investment in Aflac Japan, we have designated Parent Company yen-denominated liabilities as non-derivative hedging instruments and have designated certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedging instruments. We make our net investment hedge designation at the beginning of each quarter. For assessing hedge effectiveness of net investment hedges, if the total of the designated Parent Company non-derivative and derivatives notional is equal to or less than our net investment in Aflac Japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective. If the hedge is effective, the related exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities is reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. For derivatives designated as net investment hedges, Aflac follows the forward-rate method. According to that method, all changes in fair value, including changes related to the forward-rate component of foreign currency forward contracts and the time value of foreign currency options, are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. Should these designated net investment hedge positions exceed our net investment in Aflac Japan, the foreign exchange effect on the portion that exceeds our investment in Aflac Japan would be recognized in current earnings within derivative and other gains (losses).  We discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when (1) it is determined that the derivative is no longer highly effective in offsetting changes in the estimated cash flows or fair value of a hedged item; (2) the derivative is de-designated as a hedging instrument; or (3) the derivative expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. When hedge accounting is discontinued on a cash flow hedge or fair value hedge, the derivative is carried in the consolidated balance sheets at its estimated fair value, with changes in estimated fair value recognized in current period earnings. For discontinued cash flow hedges, including those where the derivative is sold, terminated or exercised, amounts previously deferred in other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified into earnings when earnings are impacted by the cash flow of the hedged item.  Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs:  Certain direct and incremental costs of acquiring new business are deferred and amortized with interest over the premium payment periods in proportion to the ratio of annual premium income to total anticipated premium income. Anticipated premium income is estimated by using the same mortality, persistency and interest assumptions used in computing liabilities for future policy benefits. In this manner, the related acquisition expenses are matched with revenues. Deferred costs include the excess of current-year commissions over ultimate renewal-year commissions and certain incremental direct policy issue, underwriting and sales expenses. All of these incremental costs are directly related to successful policy acquisition. For some products, policyholders can elect to modify product benefits, features, rights or coverages by exchanging a contract for a new contract or by amendment, endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by the election of a feature or coverage within a contract. These transactions are known as internal replacements. The Company performs a two-stage analysis of the internal replacements to determine if the modification is substantive to the base policy. The stages of evaluation are as follows: 1) determine if the modification is integrated with the base policy, and 2) if it is integrated, determine if the resulting contract is substantially changed. For internal replacement transactions where the resulting contract is substantially unchanged, the policy is accounted for as a continuation of the replaced contract. Unamortized deferred acquisition costs from the original policy continue to be amortized over the expected life of the new policy, and the costs of replacing the policy are accounted for as policy maintenance costs and expensed as incurred. Examples include conversions of same age bands, certain family coverage changes, pricing era changes (decrease), and ordinary life becomes reduced paid-up and certain reinstatements. An internal replacement transaction that results in a policy that is substantially changed is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original policy and the issuance of a new policy. Unamortized deferred acquisition costs on the original policy are immediately expensed, and the costs of acquiring the new policy are capitalized and amortized in accordance with our accounting policies for deferred acquisition costs. Further, the policy reserves are evaluated based on the new policy features, and any change (up or down) necessary is recognized at the date of contract change/modification. Examples include conversions-higher age bands, certain family coverage changes, pricing era changes (increase), lapse & re-issue, certain reinstatements and certain contract conversions. Riders can be considered internal replacements that are either integrated or non-integrated resulting in either substantially changed or substantially unchanged treatment. Riders are evaluated based on the specific facts and circumstances of the rider and are considered expansion of the existing benefits with additional premium required. Non-integrated riders to existing contracts do not change the Company's profit expectations for the related products and are treated as a new policy establishment for incremental coverage. 91 We measure the recoverability of DAC and the adequacy of our policy reserves annually by performing gross premium valuations on our business. (See the following discussion for further information regarding policy reserves.) Policy Liabilities:  Future policy benefits represent claims that are expected to occur in the future and are computed by a net level premium method using estimated future investment yields, persistency and recognized morbidity and mortality tables modified to reflect our experience, including a provision for adverse deviation. These assumptions are generally established and considered locked at policy inception. These assumptions may only be unlocked in certain circumstances based on the results of periodic DAC recoverability and premium deficiency testing. Unpaid policy claims are estimates computed on an undiscounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims experience adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. The ultimate liability may vary significantly from such estimates. We regularly adjust these estimates as new claims experience emerges and reflect the changes in operating results in the year such adjustments are made. Other policy liabilities consist primarily of discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain Aflac Japan limited-pay insurance products. These advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as premium revenue over the contractual premium payment period. For internal replacements that are determined to not be substantially unchanged, policy liabilities related to the original policy that was replaced are immediately released, and policy liabilities are established for the new insurance contract; however, for internal replacements that are considered substantially unchanged, no changes to the reserves are recognized. Reinsurance:  We enter into reinsurance agreements with other companies in the normal course of business. For each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine if the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Reinsurance premiums and benefits paid or provided are accounted for on bases consistent with those used in accounting for the original policies issued and the terms of the reinsurance contracts. Premiums, benefits and DAC are reported net of insurance ceded. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Income Taxes:   Income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing our income tax returns. Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. We record deferred tax assets for tax positions taken based on our assessment of whether the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. Policyholder Protection Corporation and State Guaranty Association Assessments:  In Japan, the government has required the insurance industry to contribute to a policyholder protection corporation. We recognize a charge for our estimated share of the industry's obligation once it is determinable. We review the estimated liability for policyholder protection corporation contributions on an annual basis and report any adjustments in Aflac Japan's expenses. In the United States, each state has a guaranty association that supports insolvent insurers operating in those states. To date, our state guaranty association assessments have not been material. Treasury Stock:  Treasury stock is reflected as a reduction of shareholders' equity at cost. We use the weighted-average purchase cost to determine the cost of treasury stock that is reissued. We include any gains and losses in additional paid-in capital when treasury stock is reissued. Share-Based Compensation:  We measure compensation cost related to our share-based payment transactions at fair value on the grant date, and we recognize those costs in the financial statements over the vesting period during which the employee provides service in exchange for the award. Earnings Per Share:  We compute basic earnings per share (EPS) by dividing net earnings by the weighted-average number of unrestricted shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period plus the shares representing the dilutive effect of share-based awards. 92 Reclassifications:  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior-year amounts to conform to current-year reporting classifications. These reclassifications had no impact on net earnings or total shareholders' equity. New Accounting Pronouncements  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Business Combinations - Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments:  In September 2015, the FASB issued guidance requiring that an acquirer recognize adjustments to estimated amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined. In the same period’s financial statements, the acquirer is required to record income effects of the adjustments as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The acquirer is also required to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the estimated amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Financial Services - Insurance - Disclosures about Short-Duration Contracts:  In May 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance requiring enhanced disclosures by all insurance entities that issue short-duration contracts. The amendments require insurance entities to disclose for annual reporting periods information about the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses. The amendments also require insurance entities to disclose information about significant changes in methodologies and assumptions used to calculate the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses. In addition, the amendments require insurance entities to disclose for annual and interim reporting periods a roll-forward of the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses. For health insurance claims, the amendments require the disclosure of the total of incurred-but-not-reported liabilities and expected development on reported claims included in the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses. We adopted this guidance as of December 31, 2016, and have no insurance contracts classified as short-duration. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our disclosures. Fair Value Measurement - Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent):  In May 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance that removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The amendments also remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Rather, those disclosures are limited to investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using that practical expedient. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our disclosures. Interest - Imputation of Interest - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs:  In April 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs. The updated guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by this amendment. In August 2015, the FASB issued updated Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Staff guidance pertaining to the presentation of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. The guidance states that an entity may defer and present debt issuance costs as an asset, subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. We retrospectively adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016. The retrospective adoption of this accounting standard resulted in a  $40 million  reduction to notes payable and other assets as of December 31, 2015, the earliest balance sheet date presented in the period of adoption, but did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Consolidation - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis:  In February 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance that affects evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities (limited liability corporations and securitization structures, etc.) are VIEs, evaluation of whether fees paid to a decision maker or a service provider are a variable interest, and evaluation of the effect of fee arrangements and the effect of related parties on the determination of the primary beneficiary under the VIE model for consolidation. The updated guidance eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership. Limited partnership and similar legal entities that provide partners with either substantive kick-out rights or substantive participating rights over the general partner will now be evaluated under the voting interest model rather than the VIE model for consolidation. In situations where no single party has a controlling financial interest in a VIE, the related party relationships under common control should be considered in  93 their entirety in determining whether that common control group has a controlling financial interest in the VIE. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance impacted our footnote disclosures, but did not have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations. Derivatives and Hedging - Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity:  In November 2014, the FASB issued guidance to clarify how to evaluate the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. The guidance also clarifies that an entity should assess the substance of the relevant terms and features when considering how to weight those terms and features. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern:  In August 2014, the FASB issued this amendment that provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management’s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company’s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The new guidance requires a formal assessment of going concern by management based on criteria prescribed in the new guidance. We adopted this guidance as of December 31, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures, and no substantial doubt currently exists about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.   Compensation - Stock Compensation - Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period:  In June 2014, the FASB issued this amendment that provides guidance on certain share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service period should reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest and should be adjusted to reflect those awards that ultimately vest. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items - Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items:  In January 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance that eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently will be retained. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors - Classification of Certain Government-Guaranteed Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure:  In August 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance for troubled debt restructurings affecting creditors that hold government guaranteed mortgage loans. The guidance requires that a mortgage loan be derecognized and a separate other receivable be recognized upon foreclosure if certain conditions are met. We adopted the guidance as of January 1, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Transfers and Servicing - Repurchase-to-Maturity Transactions, Repurchase Financings, and Disclosures:  In June 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance for repurchase agreement and security lending transactions to change the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and linked repurchase financings to be accounted for as secured borrowings, consistent with the accounting for other repurchase agreements. The amendments also require new disclosures to increase transparency about the types of collateral pledged in repurchase agreements and similar transactions accounted for as secured borrowings. We adopted accounting changes for the new guidance as of January 1, 2015, and adopted the required disclosures as of April 1, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors - Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure:  In January 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance for troubled debt restructurings clarifying when an in substance repossession or foreclosure occurs, and when a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage  94 loan. We adopted the guidance as of January 1, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Income Taxes - Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists:  In July 2013, the FASB issued guidance to amend the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. The new guidance states that an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward. However, to the extent a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2014. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Other Expenses - Fees Paid to the Federal Government by Health Insurers:  In July 2011, the FASB issued guidance on the accounting for fees owed by health insurers as mandated by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, which imposes an annual fee on health insurers for each calendar year beginning on or after January 1, 2014. A health insurer's portion of the annual fee is payable by September 30 of the applicable calendar year once the entity provides health insurance for any U.S. health risk in that year. The accounting guidance specifies that the liability for the fee should be estimated and recorded in full in the applicable calendar year in which the fee is payable. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2014. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Accounting Pronouncements Pending Adoption Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment:  In January 2017, the FASB issued amendments simplifying the subsequent measurement of goodwill. An entity, under this update, is no longer required to perform a hypothetical purchase price allocation to measure goodwill impairment. Instead, the entity should perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. The amendments are effective for public business entities that are U.S. SEC filers for annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after Dec. 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for any goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Business Combinations - Clarifying the Definition of a Business:  In January 2017, the FASB issued amendments clarifying when a set of assets and activities is a business. The amendments provide a screen to determine when a set of assets and activities is not a business. The amendments are effective for public business entities beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those periods. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Statement of Cash Flows - Restricted Cash:  In November 2016, the FASB issued amendments requiring that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Income Taxes - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory:  In October 2016, the FASB issued amendments that require an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The amendments are effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Consolidation - Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control:  In October 2016, the FASB issued amendments which clarify the consolidation guidance on how a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE should treat indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of that VIE. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal  95 years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payment s: In August 2016, the FASB issued amendments that provide guidance on eight specific statement of cash flows classification issues. The amendments are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for any interim or annual period. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, disclosures, or statements of cash flows. Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments:  In June 2016, the FASB issued amendments that require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured on an amortized cost basis to be presented net of an allowance for credit losses in order to reflect the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset(s). The measurement of expected credit losses is amended by replacing the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform about a credit loss. Credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities will continue to be measured in a manner similar to current GAAP. However, the amendments require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a writedown. Other amendments include changes to the balance sheet presentation and interest income recognition of purchased financial assets with a more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination. The amendments are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Companies may early adopt this guidance as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We have identified certain financial instruments in scope of this guidance to include certain fixed maturity securities, loans and loan receivables and reinsurance recoverables (See Notes 3 and 8 for current balances of instruments in scope). We are continuing to evaluate the impact of adoption of this guidance on our financial position, results of operations and disclosures. Compensation - Stock Compensation - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting:  In March 2016, the FASB issued amendments which simplify several aspects for share-based payment award transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either liability or equities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any interim or annual period.  The amendment requires prospective recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement, rather than in paid-in capital. As a result of applying this requirement, we estimate that recognition of excess tax benefits will increase volatility in our statement of operations but will not have a significant impact on our statement of financial position, operations, or disclosures. We continue to evaluate the impact of this guidance as estimates will vary from the actual expense based on changes in actual share price. The amendment also requires all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. The guidance requires modified retrospective transition for settlements on all outstanding awards (both historical and future) that did not give rise to an excess benefit to be recorded through retained earnings on a cumulative-effect basis. We estimate that the adoption of these amendments in the guidance will not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Additionally, the amendment requires that the minimum statutory tax withholding for all outstanding liability awards be reclassified at the date of adoption to equity (assuming equity classification results from the guidance change), and record a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity on a modified retrospective basis. We estimate that the adoption of these amendments in the guidance will not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. The guidance requires certain reclassifications of balances on the statement of cash flows to or from operating and financing activities. The reclassification guidance will not have a significant impact on our statement of cash flows. The amendment allows an entity to elect whether to use estimates of forfeitures, or to account for forfeitures as they occur, using modified retrospective application. We estimate that the election and adoption of this amendment in the guidance will not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. 96 Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures - Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting:  In March 2016, the FASB issued amendments which   eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. Per the amendments, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. The amendments also require that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Early adoption is permitted. We have evaluated the adoption of this guidance and do not expect the guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Derivatives and Hedging - Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments:  In March 2016, the FASB issued amendments which clarify what steps are required when assessing whether the economic characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of their debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded derivative. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We have evaluated the adoption of this guidance and do not expect the guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Derivatives and Hedging - Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships:  In March 2016, the FASB issued amendments which clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria remain intact. The amendments are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We have evaluated the adoption of this guidance and do not expect the guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. Leases:  In February 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance for accounting for leases. Per the amendments, lessees will be required to recognize all leases on the balance sheet, with the exception of short-term leases.  A lease liability will be recorded for the obligation of a lessee to make lease payments arising from a lease. A right-of-use asset, will be recorded which represents the lessee’s right to use, or to control the use of, a specified asset for a lease term.  Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. The amendments are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We have identified certain operating leases in scope of this guidance to include office space and equipment leases (See Note 15 for current balances of leases in scope). The leases within scope of this guidance will increase our right-of-use assets recorded on our financial position, however we estimate leases within scope of the guidance to represent less than  1%  of our total assets as of December 31, 2016. We estimate that the adoption of this guidance will not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations and disclosures. Financial Instruments - Overall - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities:  In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The main provisions require that equity investments be measured at fair value with changes recognized in net income; that changes in instrument-specific credit risk for financial liabilities that are measured under the fair value option be recognized in other comprehensive income; and that entities would make the assessment of the ability to realize a deferred tax asset (DTA) related to an available-for-sale (AFS) debt security in combination with the entity's other DTAs. The amendments are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is not permitted, with the exception of the own credit provision if an entity has elected to measure a liability at fair value. We have identified certain financial instruments in scope of this guidance to include certain fixed maturity securities, perpetual securities and equity securities (See Note 3 for current balances of instruments in scope). We estimate that the impact of this guidance will increase volatility in our statement of operations and we are continuing to evaluate the impact of this guidance on our statement of financial position, operations, or disclosures. 97 Revenue from Contracts with Customers:  In May 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance that affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g., insurance contracts or lease contracts). The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date for this standard to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Other updates related to the new guidance, which are effective as of the same reporting period, pertain to improvements in certain areas. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods. We have identified revenue in scope of this guidance to include certain revenues associated with affiliated entities in support of our operations. We estimate the revenue within scope of the guidance to represent less than  1%  of our total revenues as of December 31, 2016. We estimate that the adoption of this guidance will not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations and disclosures. Recent accounting guidance not discussed above is not applicable, did not have, or is not expected to have a material impact to our business.  2. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND FOREIGN INFORMATION The Company consists of  two  reportable insurance business segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S., both of which sell supplemental health and life insurance. Operating business segments that are not individually reportable and business activities, including reinsurance retrocession activities, not included in Aflac Japan or Aflac U.S. are included in the "Other business segments" category.   We do not allocate corporate overhead expenses to business segments. Consistent with U.S. GAAP accounting guidance for segment reporting, we evaluate and manage our business segments using a financial performance measure called pretax operating earnings. Our definition of operating earnings includes interest cash flows associated with notes payable and excludes the following items from net earnings on an after-tax basis: realized investment gains/losses (securities transactions, impairments, and the impact of derivative and hedging activities), nonrecurring items and other non-operating income (loss). We then exclude income taxes related to operations to arrive at pretax operating earnings. Information regarding operations by segment for the years ended  December 31  follows:   98 (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Revenues:                       Aflac Japan:                          Net earned premiums                                    Cancer   $ 5,639       $ 4,933       $ 5,596                Medical and other health   3,429       3,092       3,770                Life insurance   4,469       4,021       4,495      Net investment income   2,554       2,436       2,662      Other income   40       31       32                  Total Aflac Japan   16,131       14,513       16,555   Aflac U.S.:                          Net earned premiums:                                    Accident/disability   2,469       2,391       2,303                Cancer   1,299       1,293       1,279                Other health   1,415       1,395       1,371                Life insurance   271       268       258      Net investment income   703       678       645      Other income   10       8       3                  Total Aflac U.S.   6,167       6,033       5,859   Other business segments   275       225       43                  Total business segment revenues   22,573       20,771       22,457   Realized investment gains (losses)  (1)   (208 )       55       171   Corporate   284       282       281   Intercompany eliminations   (199 )       (201 )       (248 )   Other non-operating income (loss)    109       (35 ) (2)       67              Total revenues   $ 22,559       $ 20,872       $ 22,728   (1)  Excluding a gain of  $85  in both 2016 and 2015 and  $44  in 2014 related to the interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps on notes payable which is classified as an operating gain when analyzing segment operations (2)  Includes a loss of  $20  related to the change in value of yen repatriation received in advance of settlement of certain foreign currency derivatives. The loss was offset by derivative gains included in realized investment gains (losses). 99 (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Pretax earnings:                       Aflac Japan   $ 3,334       $ 3,175       $ 3,458   Aflac U.S.   1,208       1,101       1,073   Other business segments   18       14       (2 )       Total business segment pretax operating earnings   4,560       4,290       4,529   Interest expense, noninsurance operations   (128 )       (146 )       (198 )   Corporate and eliminations   (129 )       (71 )       (78 )       Pretax operating earnings   4,303       4,073       4,253   Realized investment gains (losses)  (1)   (208 )       55       171   Other non-operating income (loss)   (28 ) (3)       (266 ) (2),(3)       67       Total earnings before income taxes   $ 4,067       $ 3,862       $ 4,491   Income taxes applicable to pretax operating earnings   $ 1,491       $ 1,403       $ 1,456   Effect of foreign currency translation on after-tax operating    earnings   141       (198 )       (117 )   (1)  Excluding a gain of  $85  in both 2016 and 2015 and  $44  in 2014 related to the interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps on notes payable which is classified as an operating gain when analyzing segment operations    (2)  Includes a loss of  $20  related to the change in value of yen repatriation received in advance of settlement of certain foreign currency derivatives. This loss was offset by derivative gains included in realized investment gains (losses). (3)  Includes expense of  $137  in 2016 and  $230  in 2015 for the payments associated with the early extinguishment of debt  Assets as of December 31 were as follows: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Assets:                       Aflac Japan   $ 107,858       $ 97,646       $ 98,525   Aflac U.S.   19,453       18,537       18,383   Other business segments   270       188       128       Total business segment assets   127,581       116,371       117,036   Corporate   26,476       23,375       24,596   Intercompany eliminations   (24,238 )       (21,490 )       (21,905 )       Total assets   $ 129,819       $ 118,256       $ 119,727   Prior year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of the accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs.  Yen-Translation Effects:  The following table shows the yen/dollar exchange rates used for or during the periods ended  December 31 . Exchange effects were calculated using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current year as for each respective prior year.   2016   2015   2014 Statements of Earnings:                       Weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate   108.70       120.99       105.46   Yen percent strengthening (weakening)   11.3 %       (12.8 )%       (7.5 )%   Exchange effect on pretax operating earnings (in millions)   $ 218       $ (288 )       $ (180 )     2016   2015 Balance Sheets:               Yen/dollar exchange rate at December 31   116.49       120.61   Yen percent strengthening (weakening)   3.54 %       (.05 )%   Exchange effect on total assets (in millions)   $ 2,820       $ (36 )   Exchange effect on total liabilities (in millions)   3,109       (41 )   100 Transfers of funds from Aflac Japan:  Aflac Japan makes payments to the Parent Company for management fees and to Aflac U.S. for allocated expenses and profit repatriations. Information on transfers for each of the years ended  December 31  is shown below. See Note 13 for information concerning restrictions on transfers from Aflac Japan. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Management fees   $ 79       $ 53       $ 39   Allocated expenses   106       101       71   Profit repatriation   1,286       2,139       1,704   Total transfers from Aflac Japan   $ 1,471       $ 2,293       $ 1,814   Property and Equipment:  The costs of buildings, furniture and equipment are depreciated principally on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives (maximum of  50  years for buildings and  20  years for furniture and equipment). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred; expenditures for betterments are capitalized and depreciated. Classes of property and equipment as of  December 31  were as follows: (In millions) 2016   2015 Property and equipment:               Land   $ 166       $ 166   Buildings   421       400   Equipment and furniture   355       329   Total property and equipment   942       895   Less accumulated depreciation   509       468   Net property and equipment   $ 433       $ 427   Receivables:  Receivables consist primarily of monthly insurance premiums due from individual policyholders or their employers for payroll deduction of premiums, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. At  December 31, 2016 ,  $207 million , or  30.9%  of total receivables, were related to Aflac Japan's operations, compared with  $257 million , or  36.4% , at  December 31, 2015 . 3. INVESTMENTS Net Investment Income The components of net investment income for the years ended December 31 were as follows: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Fixed-maturity securities   $ 3,214       $ 3,094       $ 3,249   Perpetual securities   94       114       141   Equity securities   35       3       1   Other investments   31       15       6   Short-term investments and cash equivalents   11       4       2   Gross investment income   3,385       3,230       3,399   Less investment expenses   107       95       80   Net investment income   $ 3,278       $ 3,135       $ 3,319   101 Investment Holdings The amortized cost for our investments in debt and perpetual securities, the cost for equity securities and the fair values of these investments at  December 31  are shown in the following tables.    2016 (In millions) Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses     Fair   Value Securities available for sale, carried at fair value:                               Fixed maturities:                                 Yen-denominated:                               Japan government and agencies   $ 22,857       $ 3,359       $ 160       $ 26,056   Municipalities   246       29       8       267   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   1,096       33       8       1,121   Public utilities   1,533       318       3       1,848   Sovereign and supranational   862       186       5       1,043   Banks/financial institutions   2,673       403       74       3,002   Other corporate   3,192       623       3       3,812   Total yen-denominated   32,459       4,951       261       37,149     Dollar-denominated:                               U.S. government and agencies   148       10       0       158   Municipalities   894       142       8       1,028   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   196       20       0       216   Public utilities   5,205       690       60       5,835   Sovereign and supranational   335       91       0       426   Banks/financial institutions   2,570       507       16       3,061   Other corporate   24,556       2,021       690       25,887   Total dollar-denominated   33,904       3,481       774       36,611   Total fixed maturities   66,363       8,432       1,035       73,760   Perpetual securities:                                 Yen-denominated:                               Banks/financial institutions   1,266       128       49       1,345   Other corporate   189       24       0       213     Dollar-denominated:                               Banks/financial institutions   51       24       0       75   Total perpetual securities   1,506       176       49       1,633   Equity securities:                             Yen-denominated   624       83       2       705         Dollar-denominated   579       31       6       604   Total equity securities   1,203       114       8       1,309   Total securities available for sale   $ 69,072       $ 8,722       $ 1,092       $ 76,702   102    2016 (In millions) Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair   Value   Securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:                               Fixed maturities:                                 Yen-denominated:                               Japan government and agencies   $ 20,702       $ 5,338       $ 0       $ 26,040   Municipalities   350       107       0       457   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   30       2       0       32   Public utilities   3,201       358       23       3,536   Sovereign and supranational   2,602       283       8       2,877   Banks/financial institutions   3,731       195       26       3,900   Other corporate   2,734       452       7       3,179   Total yen-denominated   33,350       6,735       64       40,021   Total securities held to maturity   $ 33,350       $ 6,735       $ 64       $ 40,021     103   2015 (In millions) Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses     Fair   Value Securities available for sale, carried at fair value:                               Fixed maturities:                                 Yen-denominated:                               Japan government and agencies   $ 17,293       $ 1,862       $ 0       $ 19,155   Municipalities   128       9       0       137   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   322       33       0       355   Public utilities   1,400       210       10       1,600   Sovereign and supranational   791       180       0       971   Banks/financial institutions   2,321       325       105       2,541   Other corporate   3,337       448       33       3,752   Total yen-denominated   25,592       3,067       148       28,511     Dollar-denominated:                               U.S. government and agencies   110       11       0       121   Municipalities   926       151       6       1,071   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   200       27       0       227   Public utilities   5,464       636       221       5,879   Sovereign and supranational   331       105       0       436   Banks/financial institutions   2,865       634       21       3,478   Other corporate   25,154       1,774       1,302       25,626   Total dollar-denominated   35,050       3,338       1,550       36,838   Total fixed maturities   60,642       6,405       1,698       65,349   Perpetual securities:                                 Yen-denominated:                               Banks/financial institutions   1,581       143       93       1,631   Other corporate   183       22       0       205     Dollar-denominated:                               Banks/financial institutions   77       35       1       111   Total perpetual securities   1,841       200       94       1,947   Equity securities:                                     Yen-denominated   472       19       4       487       Dollar-denominated   8       3       0       11   Total equity securities   480       22       4       498   Total securities available for sale   $ 62,963       $ 6,627       $ 1,796       $ 67,794   104    2015 (In millions) Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value Securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:                               Fixed maturities:                                 Yen-denominated:                               Japan government and agencies   $ 20,004       $ 3,387       $ 0       $ 23,391   Municipalities   341       74       0       415   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   36       2       0       38   Public utilities   3,092       205       94       3,203   Sovereign and supranational   2,555       182       26       2,711   Banks/financial institutions   4,431       168       53       4,546   Other corporate   3,000       260       44       3,216   Total yen-denominated   33,459       4,278       217       37,520   Total securities held to maturity   $ 33,459       $ 4,278       $ 217       $ 37,520   The methods of determining the fair values of our investments in fixed-maturity securities, perpetual securities and equity securities are described in Note 5. Beginning in 2015 and continuing into 2016, we increased our investment in yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities. In 2016, we also increased our investment in U.S. dollar-denominated publicly traded equity securities. These securities are classified as available for sale and carried on our balance sheet at fair value.  During 2016 and 2015, we did not reclassify any investments from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category. During 2014, we reclassified  three  investments from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category as a result of the issuers being downgraded to below investment grade. At the time of the transfer, the securities had an aggregate amortized cost of  $424 million  and an aggregate unrealized loss of  $54 million .     Contractual and Economic Maturities The contractual maturities of our investments in fixed maturities at  December 31, 2016 , were as follows:    Aflac Japan   Aflac U.S. (In millions) Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Amortized Cost   Fair   Value   Available for sale:                               Due in one year or less   $ 180       $ 204       $ 103       $ 105   Due after one year through five years   3,441       3,696       617       668   Due after five years through 10 years   9,374       9,694       2,860       3,018   Due after 10 years   39,461       45,125       8,545       9,411   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   1,144       1,184       43       48   Total fixed maturities available for sale   $ 53,600       $ 59,903       $ 12,168       $ 13,250   Held to maturity:                               Due after one year through five years   2,009       2,112       0       0   Due after five years through 10 years   1,584       1,737       0       0   Due after 10 years   29,727       36,140       0       0   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   30       32       0       0   Total fixed maturities held to maturity   $ 33,350       $ 40,021       $ 0       $ 0   At  December 31, 2016 , the Parent Company and other business segments had portfolios of available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities totaling  $595 million  at amortized cost and  $607 million  at fair value, which are not included in the table above. 105 Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because some issuers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. The majority of our perpetual securities are subordinated to other debt obligations of the issuer, but rank higher than the issuer's equity securities. Perpetual securities have characteristics of both debt and equity investments, along with unique features that create economic maturity dates for the securities. Although perpetual securities have no contractual maturity date, they have stated interest coupons that were fixed at their issuance and subsequently change to a floating short-term interest rate after some period of time. The instruments are generally callable by the issuer at the time of changing from a fixed coupon rate to a new variable rate of interest, which is determined by the combination of some market index plus a fixed amount of basis points. The net effect is to create an expected maturity date for the instrument. The economic maturities of our investments in perpetual securities, which were all reported as available for sale at  December 31, 2016 , were as follows:     Aflac Japan   Aflac U.S. (In millions) Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Amortized Cost   Fair   Value   Due in one year or less   $ 87       $ 82       $ 0       $ 0   Due after one year through five years   189       213       0       0   Due after 10 years   1,191       1,282       39       56   Total perpetual securities available for sale   $ 1,467       $ 1,577       $ 39       $ 56   Investment Concentrations Our process for investing in credit-related investments begins with an independent approach to underwriting each issuer's fundamental credit quality.  We evaluate independently those factors which we believe could influence an issuer's ability to make payments under the contractual terms of our instruments. This includes a thorough analysis of a variety of items including the issuer's country of domicile (including political, legal, and financial considerations); the industry in which the issuer competes (with an analysis of industry structure, end-market dynamics, and regulation); company specific issues (such as management, assets, earnings, cash generation, and capital needs); and contractual provisions of the instrument (such as financial covenants and position in the capital structure). We further evaluate the investment considering broad business and portfolio management objectives, including asset/liability needs, portfolio diversification, and expected income. Investment exposures that individually exceeded 10% of shareholders' equity as of  December 31  were as follows:   2016   2015 (In millions) Credit Rating   Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Credit Rating   Amortized Cost   Fair Value Japan National Government (1) A   $42,931   $51,345   A   $36,859   $42,025 (1) Japan Government Bonds (JGBs) or JGB-backed securities Realized Investment Gains and Losses Information regarding pretax realized gains and losses from investments for the years ended  December 31  follows: 106 (In millions) 2016   2015   2014   Realized investment gains (losses):             Fixed maturities:             Available for sale:             Gross gains from sales $ 77   $ 224   $ 192   Gross losses from sales (134 ) (1)   (8 )   (12 )   Net gains (losses) from redemptions  (1) 186   52   34   Other-than-temporary impairment losses (24 ) (1)   (152 )   (31 )   Held to maturity:             Net gains (losses) from redemptions 0   0   1   Total fixed maturities 105   116   184   Perpetual securities:             Available for sale:             Net gains (losses) from redemptions 64   35   0   Other-than-temporary impairment losses (2 )   0   0   Total perpetual securities 62   35   0   Equity securities:             Net gains (losses) from redemptions 22   0   0   Other-than-temporary impairment losses (57 )   (1 )   0   Total equity securities (35 )   (1 )   0   Derivatives and other:             Derivative gains (losses) (255 )   (10 )   31     Total derivatives and other (255 )   (10 )   31     Total realized investment gains (losses) $ (123 )   $ 140   $ 215   (1)  Primarily driven by foreign exchange In 2016, the impairments we recorded related to fixed maturity securities were due to a change in intent to sell securities. In 2016, the impairments we recorded related to equity securities were a result of significant and/or prolonged declines in fair value, as well as expected portfolio rebalancing where we were not able to assert our ability and intent to hold certain securities until recovery.  Unrealized Investment Gains and Losses Information regarding changes in unrealized gains and losses from investments for the years ended  December 31  follows: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Changes in unrealized gains (losses):                       Fixed maturities:                       Available for sale   $ 2,690       $ (2,481 )       $ 5,629   Transferred to held to maturity   0       0       (10 )   Perpetual securities:                       Available for sale   21       (123 )       269   Equity securities   88       9       5   Total change in unrealized gains (losses)   $ 2,799       $ (2,595 )       $ 5,893   Effect on Shareholders' Equity The net effect on shareholders' equity of unrealized gains and losses from investment securities at  December 31  was as follows: 107 (In millions) 2016   2015 Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale   $ 7,630       $ 4,831   Deferred income taxes   (2,825 )       (1,845 )   Shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities   $ 4,805       $ 2,986   Gross Unrealized Loss Aging The following tables show the fair values and gross unrealized losses of our available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investments that were in an unrealized loss position, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at  December 31 .      2016    Total   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer (In millions) Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses Fixed Maturities:                                                 Japan government and        agencies:                                                 Yen-denominated   $ 3,958       $ 160       $ 3,958       $ 160       $ 0       $ 0     Municipalities:                                                 Dollar-denominated   44       8       0       0       44       8     Yen-denominated   105       8       105       8       0       0   Mortgage- and asset-      backed securities:                                                 Yen-denominated   713       8       713       8       0       0     Public utilities:                                                 Dollar-denominated   1,265       60       790       32       475       28     Yen-denominated   635       26       347       14       288       12     Sovereign and supranational:                                                 Yen-denominated   244       13       38       5       206       8     Banks/financial institutions:                                                 Dollar-denominated   268       16       238       10       30       6     Yen-denominated   1,521       100       636       19       885       81     Other corporate:                                                 Dollar-denominated   10,462       690       7,252       346       3,210       344     Yen-denominated       321       10       321       10       0       0     Total fixed maturities   19,536       1,099       14,398       612       5,138       487   Perpetual securities:                                                 Yen-denominated   479       49       85       1       394       48     Total perpetual securities   479       49       85       1       394       48   Equity securities:                                                 Dollar-denominated   211       6       211       6       0       0     Yen-denominated   49       2       49       2       0       0     Total equity securities   260       8       260       8       0       0     Total    $ 20,275       $ 1,156       $ 14,743       $ 621       $ 5,532       $ 535   108    2015    Total   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer (In millions) Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses Fixed Maturities:                                                 Municipalities:                                                 Dollar-denominated   $ 80       $ 6       $ 80       $ 6       $ 0       $ 0     Public utilities:                                                 Dollar-denominated   2,127       221       1,689       132       438       89     Yen-denominated   1,487       104       1,062       73       425       31     Sovereign and supranational:                                                 Yen-denominated   580       26       385       13       195       13     Banks/financial institutions:                                                 Dollar-denominated   366       21       348       11       18       10     Yen-denominated   2,350       158       1,147       14       1,203       144     Other corporate:                                                 Dollar-denominated   13,430       1,302       11,068       770       2,362       532     Yen-denominated   1,151       77       343       5       808       72     Total fixed maturities   21,571       1,915       16,122       1,024       5,449       891   Perpetual securities:                                                 Dollar-denominated   6       1       0       0       6       1     Yen-denominated   645       93       216       12       429       81     Total perpetual securities   651       94       216       12       435       82   Equity securities:                                                 Yen-denominated   191       4       191       4       0       0     Total equity securities   191       4       191       4       0       0     Total    $ 22,413       $ 2,013       $ 16,529       $ 1,040       $ 5,884       $ 973   Analysis of Securities in Unrealized Loss Positions The unrealized losses on our fixed income or perpetual securities investments have been primarily related to general market changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and/or the levels of credit spreads rather than specific concerns with the issuer's ability to pay interest and repay principal. The unrealized losses on our investments in equity securities are primarily related to foreign exchange rates, general market conditions which reflect prospects for the economy as a whole, or specific information pertaining to an industry or an individual company. For any significant declines in fair value of our fixed income or perpetual securities, we perform a more focused review of the related issuers' credit profile. For corporate issuers, we evaluate their assets, business profile including industry dynamics and competitive positioning, financial statements and other available financial data. For non-corporate issuers, we analyze all sources of credit support, including issuer-specific factors. We utilize information available in the public domain and, for certain private placement issuers, from consultations with the issuers directly. We also consider ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (NRSROs), as well as the specific characteristics of the security we own including seniority in the issuer's capital structure, covenant predictions, or other relevant features. From these reviews, we evaluate the issuers' continued ability to service our investment through payment of interest and principal.  For any significant declines in fair value of our equity securities, we review the severity of the security’s decline in fair value coupled with the length of time the fair value of the security has been below cost. We also perform a more focused review of the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer as well as general market conditions reflecting the prospects for the economy as a whole, and determine whether we have the intent to hold the securities until they recover in value. 109 Assuming no credit-related factors develop, unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities and perpetual securities are expected to diminish as investments near maturity. Based on our credit analysis, we believe that the issuers of our fixed maturity and perpetual security investments in the sectors shown in the table above have the ability to service their obligations to us. Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) As a condition to our involvement or investment in a VIE, we enter into certain protective rights and covenants that preclude changes in the structure of the VIE that would alter the creditworthiness of our investment or our beneficial interest in the VIE. For those VIEs other than certain unit trust structures, our involvement is passive in nature. We are not, nor have we been, required to purchase any securities issued in the future by these VIEs. Our ownership interest in VIEs is limited to holding the obligations issued by them. We have no direct or contingent obligations to fund the limited activities of these VIEs, nor do we have any direct or indirect financial guarantees related to the limited activities of these VIEs. We have not provided any assistance or any other type of financing support to any of the VIEs we invest in, nor do we have any intention to do so in the future. For those VIEs in which we hold debt obligations, the weighted-average lives of our notes are very similar to the underlying collateral held by these VIEs where applicable.  We also utilize unit trust structures in our Aflac Japan segment to invest in various asset classes. As the sole investor of these VIEs, we are required to consolidate these entities under U.S. GAAP. Our risk of loss related to our interests in any of our VIEs is limited to the carrying value of the related investments held in the VIE. VIEs - Consolidated The following table presents the cost or amortized cost, fair value and balance sheet caption in which the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs are reported as of December 31. Investments in Consolidated Variable Interest Entities    2016   2015 (In millions) Cost or Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Cost or Amortized Cost   Fair Value Assets:                               Fixed maturities, available for sale   $ 4,168       $ 4,982       $ 3,739       $ 4,554   Perpetual securities, available for sale   237       208       255       228   Equity securities   972       1,044       363       363   Other investments   819       789       0       0   Other assets   127       127       102       102   Total assets of consolidated VIEs   $ 6,323       $ 7,150       $ 4,459       $ 5,247   Liabilities:                               Other liabilities   $ 146       $ 146       $ 293       $ 293   Total liabilities of consolidated VIEs   $ 146       $ 146       $ 293       $ 293   We are substantively the only investor in the consolidated VIEs listed in the table above. As the sole investor in these VIEs, we have the power to direct the activities of the variable interest entity that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and are therefore considered to be the primary beneficiary of the VIEs that we consolidate. We also participate in substantially all of the variability created by these VIEs. The activities of these VIEs are limited to holding invested assets and foreign currency, and/or CDS, as appropriate, and utilizing the cash flows from these securities to service our investment. Neither we nor any of our creditors are able to obtain the underlying collateral of the VIEs unless there is an event of default or other specified event. For those VIEs that contain a swap, we are not a direct counterparty to the swap contracts and have no control over them. Our loss exposure to these VIEs is limited to our  110 original investment. Our consolidated VIEs do not rely on outside or ongoing sources of funding to support their activities beyond the underlying collateral and swap contracts, if applicable. With the exception of our investments in unit trust structures, the underlying collateral assets and funding of our consolidated VIEs are generally static in nature and the underlying collateral and the reference corporate entities covered by any CDS contracts were all investment grade at the time of issuance. Investments in Unit Trust Structures  We invest through unit trust structures in yen-denominated public equity securities, U.S. dollar-denominated public equity securities, bank loans, commercial mortgage loans, and middle market loans in which we are the only investor, requiring us to consolidate these trusts under U.S. GAAP. The yen-denominated and U.S. dollar-denominated equity securities are classified as available-for-sale in the financial statements. As of  December 31, 2016 , the amortized cost and fair value of these equity securities was  $972 million  and  $1.0 billion , compared with amortized cost and fair value of  $363 million  as of December 31, 2015. The bank loans are classified as available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities in the financial statements. As of  December 31, 2016 , the amortized cost and fair value of our bank loan investments was  $2.0 billion  and  $1.9 billion , respectively, compared with an amortized cost and fair value of  $1.4 billion  as of December 31, 2015. The commercial mortgage loans, all of which were purchased in 2016, are classified as held for investment and reflected in other investments on the consolidated balance sheets. As of  December 31, 2016 , the amortized cost of these loans, net of loan loss reserves, was  $745 million . The middle market loans, which were purchased in 2016, are classified as held for investment and reflected in other investments on the consolidated balance sheets. As of  December 31, 2016 , the amortized cost of these loans, net of loan loss reserves, was  $74 million . VIEs - Not Consolidated The table below reflects the amortized cost, fair value and balance sheet caption in which our investment in VIEs not consolidated are reported as of December 31. Investments in Variable Interest Entities Not Consolidated   2016   2015 (In millions) Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Amortized Cost   Fair Value Assets:                               Fixed maturities, available for sale   $ 4,729       $ 5,261       $ 4,731       $ 5,093   Perpetual securities, available for sale   172       200       249       253   Fixed maturities, held to maturity   2,563       2,948       2,477       2,636   Other investments   1       1       0       0   Total investments in VIEs not consolidated   $ 7,465       $ 8,410       $ 7,457       $ 7,982   Prior year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to consolidations.  The VIEs that we are not required to consolidate are investments that are in the form of debt obligations from the VIEs that are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by their corporate parents or sponsors. These VIEs are the primary financing vehicles used by their corporate sponsors to raise financing in the capital markets. The variable interests created by these VIEs are principally or solely a result of the debt instruments issued by them. We do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, nor do we have the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity. As such, we are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs and are therefore not required to consolidate them. These VIE investments comprise securities from  145  separate issuers with an average credit rating of  BBB  as of December 31, 2016, compared with  169  separate issuers with an average credit rating of  BBB  as of December 31, 2015. Loans and Loan Receivables We classify our loans and loan receivables as held-for-investment and include them in the other investments line on the consolidated balance sheets. We carry them on the balance sheet at amortized cost less an estimated allowance for loan losses. Our loan allowance for losses is established using both specific and general allowances. The specific allowance is used on an individual loan basis for those impaired loans where we expect to incur a loss. The general allowance is used for loans grouped by similar risk characteristics where a loan-specific or market-specific risk has not been identified, but for which we anticipate to incur a loss. 111 Middle Market Loans As of  December 31, 2016  and 2015, our investment in middle market loan receivables, net of loan loss reserves and inclusive of those loans held in unit trust structures as discussed above, was  $319 million  and  $118 million , respectively. These balances include an unfunded amount of  $91 million  and  $53 million  as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, that was reflected in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. As of  December 31, 2016  and 2015, we had no loans that were past due in regards to principal and/or interest payments. Additionally, we held no loans that were on nonaccrual status or considered impaired as of  December 31, 2016  and 2015. Our middle market loan allowance for losses was immaterial as of  December 31, 2016  and 2015. Our middle market loan allowance for losses is established using a general allowance methodology by applying industry average long term historical loss rates to our outstanding middle market loan balances. We had no troubled debt restructurings during  December 31, 2016  and 2015. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had commitments of  $779 million  to fund potential future loan originations related to this investment program, inclusive of loans held in unit trust structures. These commitments are contingent upon the availability of middle market loans that meet our underwriting criteria. Commercial Mortgage Loans In 2016, we began funding investments in commercial mortgage loans. As of  December 31, 2016 , the amortized cost of these investments, net of loan loss reserves and inclusive of those loans held in unit trust structures as discussed above, was  $855 million . We had no loans that were past due in regards to principal and/or interest payments, and we held no loans that were on nonaccrual status or considered impaired as of  December 31, 2016 . Our commercial mortgage loan allowance for losses was immaterial as of  December 31, 2016 . We had no troubled debt restructurings during the year ended  December 31, 2016 . As of  December 31, 2016 , we had  $19 million  in outstanding commitments to fund commercial mortgage loans, inclusive of loans held in unit trust structures. These commitments are contingent on the final underwriting and due diligence to be performed. Securities Lending and Pledged Securities We lend fixed-maturity securities to financial institutions in short-term security-lending transactions. These short-term security-lending arrangements increase investment income with minimal risk. Our security lending policy requires that the fair value of the securities and/or unrestricted cash received as collateral be  102%  or more of the fair value of the loaned securities. These securities continue to be carried as investment assets on our balance sheet during the terms of the loans and are not reported as sales. We receive cash or other securities as collateral for such loans. For loans involving unrestricted cash or securities as collateral, the collateral is reported as an asset with a corresponding liability for the return of the collateral. Details of our securities lending activities as of December 31 were as follows: Securities Lending Transactions Accounted for as Secured Borrowings 2016 Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements (In millions) Overnight and Continuous (1)   Up to 30 days     Total Securities lending transactions:             Public utilities $ 62   $ 0     $ 62 Banks/financial institutions 34   0     34 Other corporate 430   0     430           Total borrowings $ 526   $ 0     $ 526 Gross amount of recognized liabilities for securities lending transactions   $ 526 Amounts related to agreements not included in offsetting disclosure in Note 4   $ 0 (1)  These securities are pledged as collateral under our U.S. securities lending program and can be called at our discretion; therefore, they are classified as Overnight and Continuous. 112 Securities Lending Transactions Accounted for as Secured Borrowings 2015 Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements (In millions) Overnight and Continuous (1)   Up to 30 days     Total Securities lending transactions:             Japan government and agencies $ 0   $ 499     $ 499 Public utilities 108   0     108 Banks/financial institutions 13   0     13 Other corporate 321   0     321           Total borrowings   $ 442   $ 499     $ 941 Gross amount of recognized liabilities for securities lending transactions   $ 941 Amounts related to agreements not included in offsetting disclosure in Note 4   $ 0 (1)  These securities are pledged as collateral under our U.S. securities lending program and can be called at our discretion; therefore, they are classified as Overnight and Continuous. We did not have any repurchase agreements or repurchase-to-maturity transactions outstanding as of  December 31, 2016  and 2015, respectively. Certain fixed-maturity securities can be pledged as collateral as part of derivative transactions, or pledged to support state deposit requirements on certain investment programs. For additional information regarding pledged securities related to derivative transactions, see Note 4. At  December 31, 2016 , debt securities with a fair value of  $17 million  were on deposit with regulatory authorities in the United States (including U.S. territories) and Japan. We retain ownership of all securities on deposit and receive the related investment income. For general information regarding our investment accounting policies, see Note 1. 4.  DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS Our freestanding derivative financial instruments have historically consisted of: (1) foreign currency swaps and credit default swaps that are associated with investments in special-purpose entities, including VIEs where we are the primary beneficiary; (2) foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk on U.S. dollar-denominated investments in Aflac Japan's portfolio; (3) foreign currency forwards and options used to hedge foreign exchange risk from our net investment in Aflac Japan and economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen; (4) swaps associated with our notes payable, consisting of cross-currency interest rate swaps, also referred to as foreign currency swaps, associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures; and (5) options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions) and futures used to hedge interest rate risk for certain available-for-sale securities. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes, nor do we engage in leveraged derivative transactions. Some of our derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges, fair value hedges or net investment hedges; however, other derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting or we elect not to designate them as an accounting hedge. We utilize a net investment hedge to mitigate foreign exchange exposure resulting from our net investment in Aflac Japan. In addition to designating derivatives as hedging instruments, we have designated the majority of the Parent Company's yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and loans) as non-derivative hedging instruments for this net investment hedge.   Derivative Types We enter into foreign currency swaps pursuant to which we exchange an initial principal amount in  one  currency for an initial principal amount of another currency, with an agreement to re-exchange the currencies at a future date at an agreed upon exchange rate. There may also be periodic exchanges of payments at specified intervals based on the agreed upon rates and notional amounts. Foreign currency swaps are used primarily in the consolidated VIEs in our Aflac Japan portfolio to convert foreign-denominated cash flows to yen, the functional currency of Aflac Japan, in order to  113 minimize cash flow fluctuations. We also use foreign currency swaps to economically convert certain of our dollar-denominated senior note and subordinated debenture principal and interest obligations into yen-denominated obligations.  Foreign currency forwards and options are executed for the Aflac Japan segment in order to hedge the currency risk on the carrying value of certain U.S. dollar-denominated investments. The maturities of these forwards and options are typically two years or less. In forward transactions, Aflac Japan agrees with another party to buy a fixed amount of yen and sell a corresponding amount of U.S. dollars at a specified future date. Aflac Japan also executes foreign currency option transactions in a collar strategy, where Aflac Japan agrees with another party to simultaneously purchase a fixed amount of U.S. dollar put options and sell U.S. dollar call options. The combination of these two actions results in no net premium being paid (i.e. a costless or zero-cost collar). The foreign currency forwards and options are used in fair value hedging relationships to mitigate the foreign exchange risk associated with U.S. dollar-denominated investments supporting yen-denominated liabilities. Foreign currency forwards and options are also used to hedge the currency risk associated with the net investment in Aflac Japan. In these forward transactions, Aflac agrees with another party to buy a fixed amount of U.S. dollars and sell a corresponding amount of yen at a specified future date. In the option transactions, we use a combination of foreign currency options to protect expected future cash flows by simultaneously purchasing yen put options (options that protect against a weakening yen) and selling yen call options (options that limit participation in a strengthening yen). The combination of these two actions results in no net premium being paid (i.e. a costless or zero-cost collar).  The only CDS that we currently hold relates to components of an investment in a VIE and is used to assume credit risk related to an individual security. This CDS contract entitles the consolidated VIE to receive periodic fees in exchange for an obligation to compensate the derivative counterparties should the referenced security issuer experience a credit event, as defined in the contract. Interest rate swaps involve the periodic exchange of cash flows with other parties, at specified intervals, calculated using agreed upon rates or other financial variables and notional principal amounts. Typically, at the time a swap is entered into, the cash flow streams exchanged by the counterparties are equal in value. No cash or principal payments are exchanged at the inception of the contract. Interest rate swaps are primarily used to convert interest receipts on floating-rate fixed-maturity securities contracts to fixed rates. These derivatives are predominantly used to better match cash receipts from assets with cash disbursements required to fund liabilities. Interest rate swaptions are options on interest rate swaps. Interest rate collars are combinations of two swaption positions and are executed in order to hedge certain U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale securities that are held in the Aflac Japan segment. We use collars to protect against significant changes in the fair value associated with our U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale securities due to interest rates. In order to maximize the efficiency of the collars while minimizing cost, we set the strike price on each collar so that the premium paid for the ‘payer leg’ is offset by the premium received for having sold the ‘receiver leg’. Periodically, we may enter into other derivative transactions depending on general economic conditions. Derivative Balance Sheet Classification The tables below summarize the balance sheet classification of our derivative fair value amounts, as well as the gross asset and liability fair value amounts, at December 31. The fair value amounts presented do not include income accruals. The notional amount of derivative contracts represents the basis upon which pay or receive amounts are calculated and are not reflective of exposure or credit risk. 114   2016 (In millions) Net Derivatives   Asset Derivatives   Liability Derivatives Hedge Designation/ Derivative Type Notional  Amount   Fair Value   Fair Value   Fair Value Cash flow hedges:                               Foreign currency swaps   $ 75       $ (10 )       $ 0       $ (10 )   Total cash flow hedges   75       (10 )       0       (10 )   Fair value hedges:                               Foreign currency forwards   10,965       (759 )       0       (759 )   Foreign currency options   4,224       (30 )       2       (32 )   Total fair value hedges   15,189       (789 )       2       (791 )   Net investment hedge:                               Foreign currency forwards   209       3       5       (2 )   Foreign currency options   843       24       41       (17 )   Total net investment hedge   1,052       27       46       (19 )   Non-qualifying strategies:                               Foreign currency swaps   6,266       270       490       (220 )   Foreign currency forwards   21,218       (289 )       667       (956 )   Foreign currency options   41       (2 )       0       (2 )   Credit default swaps   86       2       2       0   Total non-qualifying strategies   27,611       (19 )       1,159       (1,178 )   Total derivatives   $ 43,927       $ (791 )       $ 1,207       $ (1,998 )   Balance Sheet Location                               Other assets   $ 18,329       $ 1,207       $ 1,207       $ 0   Other liabilities   25,598       (1,998 )       0       (1,998 )   Total derivatives   $ 43,927       $ (791 )       $ 1,207       $ (1,998 )     115   2015 (In millions) Net Derivatives   Asset Derivatives   Liability Derivatives Hedge Designation/ Derivative Type Notional  Amount   Fair Value   Fair Value   Fair Value Cash flow hedges:                               Foreign currency swaps   $ 75       $ (15 )       $ 0       $ (15 )   Total cash flow hedges   75       (15 )       0       (15 )   Fair value hedges:                               Foreign currency forwards   13,080       45       88       (43 )   Foreign currency options   1,250       0       0       0   Total fair value hedges   14,330       45       88       (43 )   Net investment hedge:                               Foreign currency forwards   763       13       19       (6 )       Foreign currency options   266       (3 )       5       (8 )   Total net investment hedge   1,029       10       24       (14 )   Non-qualifying strategies:                               Foreign currency swaps   6,599       264       563       (299 )   Foreign currency forwards   11       0       0       0   Credit default swaps   83       1       1       0   Total non-qualifying strategies   6,693       265       564       (299 )   Total derivatives   $ 22,127       $ 305       $ 676       $ (371 )   Balance Sheet Location                               Other assets   $ 11,413       $ 676       $ 676       $ 0   Other liabilities   10,714       (371 )       0       (371 )   Total derivatives   $ 22,127       $ 305       $ 676       $ (371 )   The derivative notional amount increased from 2015 to 2016 primarily due to an increase in non-qualifying strategies. The increase in non-qualifying strategies related to entering into longer duration foreign currency forwards designated as fair value hedges that resulted in the dedesignation of existing foreign currency forwards. We also entered into offsetting foreign currency forwards for the remaining term of the foreign currency forwards that were dedesignated, both of which are included in the notional amounts presented for non-qualifying strategies. Cash Flow Hedges Certain of our consolidated VIEs have foreign currency swaps that qualify for hedge accounting treatment. For those that have qualified, we have designated the derivative as a hedge of the variability in cash flows of a forecasted transaction or of amounts to be received or paid related to a recognized asset (“cash flow” hedge). We expect to continue this hedging activity for a weighted-average period of approximately  nine  years. The remaining derivatives in our consolidated VIEs that have not qualified for hedge accounting are included in "non-qualifying strategies." Fair Value Hedges We designate and account for certain foreign currency forwards and options as fair value hedges when they meet the requirements for hedge accounting. These foreign currency forwards and options hedge the foreign currency exposure of certain U.S. dollar-denominated investments. We recognize gains and losses on these derivatives and the related hedged items in current earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). The change in the fair value of the foreign currency forwards related to the changes in the difference between the spot rate and the forward price is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The change in fair value of the foreign currency option related to the time value of the option is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. We designate and account for interest rate swaptions as fair value hedges when they meet the requirements for hedge accounting. These interest rate swaptions hedge the interest rate exposure of certain U.S. dollar-denominated fixed maturity securities within the investment portfolio of our Aflac Japan segment. We recognize gains and losses on  116 these derivatives and the related hedged items in current earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). The change in the fair value of the interest rate swaptions related to the time value of the option is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The following table presents the gains and losses on derivatives and the related hedged items in fair value hedges for the years ended December 31. Fair Value Hedging Relationships (In millions)     Hedging Derivatives   Hedged Items     Hedging Derivatives Hedged Items    Total  Gains (Losses)   Gains (Losses)  Excluded from Effectiveness Testing   Gains (Losses)  Included in Effectiveness Testing    Gains (Losses)   Ineffectiveness Recognized for  Fair Value Hedge 2016:                     Foreign currency  forwards Fixed-maturity securities and equity securities   $ 207   $ (338 )   $ 545   $ (566 )   $ (21 ) Foreign currency options Fixed-maturity securities   (95 )   (18 )   (77 )   70   (7 ) 2015:               Foreign currency forwards Fixed-maturity securities   $ (133 )   $ (136 )   $ 3   $ (5 )   $ (2 ) Foreign currency options Fixed-maturity securities   (4 )   3   (7 )   7   0 Interest rate swaptions Fixed-maturity securities   (95 )   19   (114 )   99   (15 ) 2014:               Foreign currency forwards Fixed-maturity securities   $ (1,835 )   $ (38 )   $ (1,797 )   $ 1,819   $ 22 Foreign currency options Fixed-maturity securities   (41 )   (4 )   (37 )   38   1 Interest rate swaptions Fixed-maturity securities   (318 )   (36 )   (282 )   316   34 Net Investment Hedge Our primary exposure to be hedged is our net investment in Aflac Japan, which is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. To mitigate this exposure, we have designated the Parent Company's yen-denominated liabilities (see Note 9) as non-derivative hedges and designated foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of the foreign currency exposure of our net investment in Aflac Japan.  We used foreign exchange forwards and options to hedge foreign exchange risk on  114.0 billion  yen of profit repatriation received from Aflac Japan in 2016. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had entered into foreign exchange forwards and options as part of a hedge on  122.6 billion  yen of future profit repatriation. Our net investment hedge was effective for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 . Non-qualifying Strategies For our derivative instruments in consolidated VIEs that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, all changes in their fair value are reported in current period earnings within derivative and other gains (losses). The amount of gain or  loss recognized in earnings for our VIEs is attributable to the derivatives in those investment structures. While the change in value of the swaps is recorded through current period earnings, the change in value of the available-for-sale fixed-maturity or perpetual securities associated with these swaps is recorded through other comprehensive income. 117 We have cross-currency interest rate swap agreements related to our  $400 million  senior notes due February 2017,  $550 million  senior notes due March 2020,  $350 million  senior notes due February 2022,  $700 million  senior notes due June 2023,  $750 million  senior notes due November 2024,  $450 million  senior notes due March 2025, and  $500 million  subordinated debentures due September 2052. Changes in the values of these swaps are recorded through current period earnings. For additional information regarding these swaps, see Note 9. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we began using foreign exchange forwards to mitigate the currency risk of our U.S. dollar-denominated middle market loan portfolio held within the Aflac Japan segment. As of  December 31, 2016 , the outstanding derivative notional amounts associated with these U.S. dollar-denominated middle market loans was approximately  $109 million . In the third quarter of 2016, we began using foreign exchange forwards to mitigate the currency risk of our U.S. dollar-denominated commercial loan portfolio held within the Aflac Japan segment. As of  December 31, 2016 , the outstanding derivative notional amounts associated with these U.S. dollar-denominated commercial mortgage loans was approximately  $710 million . We have not elected to apply hedge accounting for these middle market loans and commercial mortgage loans. The change in fair value of the foreign exchange forwards and the foreign currency remeasurement of the middle market loans and commercial mortgage loans are each recorded through current period earnings, and generally offset each other. Impact of Derivatives and Hedging Instruments The following table summarizes the impact to realized investment gains (losses) and other comprehensive income (loss) from all derivatives and hedging instruments for the years ended December 31.   2016 2015 2014 (In millions) Realized Investment  Gains (Losses) Other Comprehensive  Income (Loss) (1) Realized Investment Gains (Losses) Other Comprehensive  Income (Loss) (1) Realized  Investment Gains (Losses) Other Comprehensive  Income (Loss) (1) Qualifying hedges:                                       Cash flow hedges:                                            Foreign currency swaps   $ 1     $ 3     $ 0     $ 0     $ (2 )     $ (17 )     Total cash flow hedges   1     3     0     0     (2 )     (17 )     Fair value hedges:                                            Foreign currency forwards  (2)   (359 )     0     (138 )     0     (16 )     0          Foreign currency options  ( 2)   (25 )     0     3     0     (3 )     0          Interest rate swaptions  (2)   0     0     4     0     (2 )     0     Total fair value hedges   (384 )     0     (131 )     0     (21 )     0     Net investment hedge:                                            Non-derivative hedging            instruments   0     0     0     3     0     39          Foreign currency forwards   0     (118 )     0     4     0     89          Foreign currency options    0     73     0     0     0     (3 )      Total net investment hedge   0     (45 )     0     7     0     125     Non-qualifying strategies:                                            Foreign currency swaps   117     0     16     0     151     0          Foreign currency forwards   9     0     100     0     (11 )     0          Credit default swaps   2     0     1     0     3     0          Interest rate swaps   0     0     5     0     (1 )     0          Interest rate swaptions   0     0     0     0     1     0          Futures   0     0     (1 )     0     (89 )     0     Total non- qualifying strategies   128     0     121     0     54     0             Total   $ (255 )     $ (42 )     $ (10 )     $ 7     $ 31     $ 108   (1)  Cash flow hedge items are recorded as unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives and net investment hedge items are recorded in the unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) line in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss). (2)  Impact shown net of effect of hedged items (see Fair Value Hedges section of this Note 4 for further detail) We reclassified a de minimus amount from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings related to our designated cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. There was no gain or loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings related to the net investment hedge for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 . As of  December 31, 2016 , deferred gains and losses on  118 derivative instruments recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income that are expected to be reclassified to earnings during the next twelve months were immaterial.  Credit Risk Assumed through Derivatives   For the foreign currency and credit default swaps associated with our VIE investments for which we are the primary beneficiary, we bear the risk of foreign exchange loss due to counterparty default even though we are not a direct counterparty to those contracts. We are a direct counterparty to the foreign currency swaps that we have entered into in connection with certain of our senior notes, subordinated debentures, and Samurai notes; foreign currency forwards; foreign currency options; and interest rate swaptions, and therefore we are exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties in those contracts. The risk of counterparty default for our VIE swaps, foreign currency swaps, certain foreign currency forwards, foreign currency options and interest rate swaptions is mitigated by collateral posting requirements that counterparties to those transactions must meet. As of  December 31, 2016 , there were  16  counterparties to our derivative agreements, with  five  comprising  63%  of the aggregate notional amount. The counterparties to these derivatives are financial institutions with the following credit ratings as of December 31:   2016 2015 (In millions) Notional Amount of Derivatives Asset Derivatives Fair Value Liability Derivatives Fair Value Notional Amount of Derivatives Asset Derivatives Fair Value Liability Derivatives Fair Value Counterparties' credit rating:                                     AA   $ 6,844     $ 247     $ (308 )     $ 2,187     $ 166     $ (35 )   A   36,019     900     (1,621 )     19,940     510     (336 )   BBB   1,064     60     (69 )     0     0     0   Total   $ 43,927     $ 1,207     $ (1,998 )     $ 22,127     $ 676     $ (371 )   We engage in derivative transactions directly with unaffiliated third parties under International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) agreements and other documentation. Most of the ISDA agreements also include Credit Support Annexes (CSAs) provisions, which generally provide for two-way collateral postings at the first dollar of exposure. We mitigate the risk that counterparties to transactions might be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value while generally requiring that collateral be posted at the outset of the transaction. In addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of Aflac’s financial strength rating. The actual amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. Collateral posted by us to third parties for derivative transactions can generally be repledged or resold by the counterparties. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position by counterparty was approximately  $1.2 billion  and  $26 million  as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. We are generally allowed to sell or repledge collateral obtained from our derivative counterparties, although we do not typically exercise such rights. (See the Offsetting tables below for collateral posted or received as of the reported balance sheet dates.)  Offsetting of Financial Instruments and Derivatives Some of the Company's derivative instruments are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements that provide for the net settlement of all derivative contracts between the Parent Company or Aflac and its respective counterparty in the event of default or upon the occurrence of certain termination events. Collateral support agreements with the master netting arrangements generally provide that the Company will receive or pledge financial collateral at the first dollar of exposure.  We have securities lending agreements with unaffiliated financial institutions that post collateral to us in return for the use of our fixed maturity securities (see Note 3). When we have entered into securities lending agreements with the same counterparty, the agreements generally provide for net settlement in the event of default by the counterparty. This right of set-off allows us to keep and apply collateral received if the counterparty failed to return the securities borrowed from us as contractually agreed. For additional information on the Company's accounting policy for securities lending, see  Note 1. 119 The tables below summarize our derivatives and securities lending transactions as of December 31, and as reflected in the tables, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, our policy is to not offset these financial instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative Assets 2016       Gross Amounts Not Offset  in Balance Sheet     (In millions) Gross Amount of Recognized Assets   Gross Amount Offset in Balance         Sheet   Net Amount of Assets Presented   in Balance Sheet   Financial Instruments   Securities Collateral   Cash Collateral Received   Net Amount Derivative      assets:                                                        Derivative        assets subject to a        master netting        agreement or        offsetting           arrangement   $ 1,080       $ 0       $ 1,080       $ (698 )     $ 0     $ (382 )       $ 0        Derivative        assets not subject        to a master netting        agreement or        offsetting        arrangement   127             127                     127       Total derivative        assets   1,207       0       1,207       (698 )     0     (382 )       127   Securities lending     and similar     arrangements   513       0       513       0     0     (513 )       0       Total   $ 1,720       $ 0       $ 1,720       $ (698 )     $ 0     $ (895 )       $ 127   2015       Gross Amounts Not Offset  in Balance Sheet     (In millions) Gross Amount of Recognized Assets   Gross Amount Offset in  Balance Sheet   Net Amount of Assets Presented in  Balance Sheet   Financial  Instruments Securities Collateral Cash Collateral Received   Net Amount Derivative      assets:                                                        Derivative        assets subject to a        master netting        agreement or        offsetting           arrangement   $ 574       $ 0       $ 574       $ (51 )     $ (190 )     $ (326 )       $ 7        Derivative        assets not subject        to a master netting        agreement or        offsetting        arrangement   102               102                     102       Total derivative        assets   676       0       676       (51 )     (190 )     (326 )       109   Securities lending     and similar     arrangements   921       0       921       0     0     (921 )       0       Total   $ 1,597       $ 0       $ 1,597       $ (51 )     $ (190 )     $ (1,247 )       $ 109   120 Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities 2016       Gross Amounts Not Offset  in Balance Sheet     (In millions) Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities   Gross Amount Offset in  Balance Sheet   Net Amount of Liabilities Presented in  Balance Sheet   Financial Instruments   Securities Collateral   Cash Collateral Pledged   Net Amount Derivative      liabilities:                                                        Derivative        liabilities subject        to a master netting        agreement or        offsetting           arrangement   $ (1,852 )       $ 0       $ (1,852 )       $ 698     $ 1,130     $ 21       $ (3 )        Derivative        liabilities not        subject to a        master netting        agreement or        offsetting        arrangement   (146 )               (146 )                           (146 )       Total derivative        liabilities   (1,998 )       0       (1,998 )       698     1,130     21       (149 )   Securities lending     and similar     arrangements   (526 )       0       (526 )       513     0     0       (13 )       Total   $ (2,524 )       $ 0       $ (2,524 )       $ 1,211     $ 1,130     $ 21       $ (162 )   2015       Gross Amounts Not Offset  in Balance Sheet     (In millions) Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities   Gross Amount Offset in  Balance Sheet   Net Amount of Liabilities Presented in  Balance Sheet   Financial Instruments   Securities Collateral   Cash Collateral Pledged   Net Amount Derivative      liabilities:                                                        Derivative        liabilities subject        to a master netting        agreement or        offsetting           arrangement   $ (78 )       $ 0       $ (78 )       $ 51     $ 18     $ 3       $ (6 )        Derivative        liabilities not        subject to a        master netting        agreement or        offsetting        arrangement   (293 )               (293 )                           $ (293 )       Total derivative        liabilities   (371 )       0       (371 )       51     18     3       (299 )   Securities lending     and similar     arrangements   (941 )       0       (941 )       921     0     0       (20 )       Total   $ (1,312 )       $ 0       $ (1,312 )       $ 972     $ 18     $ 3       $ (319 )   For additional information on our financial instruments, see the accompanying Notes 1, 3 and 5. 121 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Fair Value Hierarchy U.S. GAAP specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. These two types of inputs create three valuation hierarchy levels. Level 1 valuations reflect quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level 2 valuations reflect quoted market prices for similar assets or liabilities in an active market, quoted market prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets or model-derived valuations in which all significant valuation inputs are observable in active markets. Level 3 valuations reflect valuations in which one or more of the significant inputs are not observable in an active market.  The following tables present the fair value hierarchy levels of the Company's assets and liabilities that are measured and carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31.    2016 (In millions) Quoted Prices in  Active Markets  for Identical  Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable  Inputs (Level 2)   Significant  Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total Fair Value Assets:                               Securities available for sale, carried at    fair value:                                 Fixed maturities:                               Government and agencies   $ 25,387       $ 827       $ 0       $ 26,214   Municipalities   0       1,295       0       1,295   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   0       1,139       198       1,337   Public utilities   0       7,667       16       7,683   Sovereign and supranational   0       1,469       0       1,469   Banks/financial institutions   0       6,038       25       6,063   Other corporate   0       29,699       0       29,699   Total fixed maturities   25,387       48,134       239       73,760     Perpetual securities:                               Banks/financial institutions   0       1,420       0       1,420   Other corporate   0       213       0       213   Total perpetual securities   0       1,633       0       1,633   Equity securities   1,300       6       3       1,309   Other assets:                               Foreign currency swaps   0       365       125       490   Foreign currency forwards   0       672       0       672   Foreign currency options   0       43       0       43   Credit default swaps   0       0       2       2   Total other assets   0       1,080       127       1,207   Other investments   276       0       0       276   Cash and cash equivalents   4,859       0       0       4,859   Total assets   $ 31,822       $ 50,853       $ 369       $ 83,044   Liabilities:                               Foreign currency swaps   $ 0       $ 84       $ 146       $ 230   Foreign currency forwards   0       1,717       0       1,717   Foreign currency options   0       51       0       51   Total liabilities   $ 0       $ 1,852       $ 146       $ 1,998     122    2015 (In millions) Quoted Prices in  Active Markets  for Identical  Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable  Inputs (Level 2)   Significant  Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total Fair Value Assets:                               Securities available for sale, carried at    fair value:                                 Fixed maturities:                               Government and agencies   $ 18,669       $ 607       $ 0       $ 19,276   Municipalities   0       1,208       0       1,208   Mortgage- and asset-backed securities   0       362       220       582   Public utilities   0       7,479       0       7,479   Sovereign and supranational   0       1,407       0       1,407   Banks/financial institutions   0       5,993       26       6,019   Other corporate   0       29,378       0       29,378   Total fixed maturities   18,669       46,434       246       65,349     Perpetual securities:                               Banks/financial institutions   0       1,742       0       1,742   Other corporate   0       205       0       205   Total perpetual securities   0       1,947       0       1,947   Equity securities   489       6       3       498   Other assets:                               Foreign currency swaps   0       462       101       563   Foreign currency forwards   0       107       0       107   Foreign currency options   0       5       0       5   Credit default swaps   0       0       1       1   Total other assets   0       574       102       676   Other investments   176       0       0       176   Cash and cash equivalents   4,350       0       0       4,350   Total assets   $ 23,684       $ 48,961       $ 351       $ 72,996   Liabilities:                               Foreign currency swaps   $ 0       $ 21       $ 293       $ 314   Foreign currency forwards   0       49       0       49   Foreign currency options   0       8       0       8   Total liabilities   $ 0       $ 78       $ 293       $ 371   123 The following tables present the carrying amount and fair value categorized by fair value hierarchy level for the Company's financial instruments that are not carried at fair value as of December 31.    2016 (In millions) Carrying Value Quoted Prices in  Active Markets  for Identical  Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable  Inputs (Level 2)   Significant  Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Fair Value   Assets:                                     Securities held to maturity,     carried at amortized cost:                                       Fixed maturities:                                     Government and agencies   $ 20,702     $ 26,040       $ 0       $ 0       $ 26,040   Municipalities   350     0       457       0       457   Mortgage and asset-backed     securities   30     0       10       22       32   Public utilities   3,201     0       3,536       0       3,536   Sovereign and     supranational   2,602     0       2,877       0       2,877   Banks/financial institutions   3,731     0       3,900       0       3,900   Other corporate   2,734     0       3,179       0       3,179   Other investments   1,174     0       0       1,142       1,142    Total assets   $ 34,524     $ 26,040       $ 13,959       $ 1,164       $ 41,163   Liabilities:                                     Other policyholders’ funds   $ 6,659     $ 0       $ 0       $ 6,540       $ 6,540   Notes payable    (excluding capital leases)   5,339     0       0       5,530       5,530   Total liabilities   $ 11,998     $ 0       $ 0       $ 12,070       $ 12,070   124         2015 (In millions) Carrying Value Quoted Prices in  Active Markets  for Identical  Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable  Inputs (Level 2)   Significant  Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total Fair Value Assets:                                     Securities held to maturity,     carried at amortized cost:                                       Fixed maturities:                                     Government and agencies   $ 20,004     $ 23,391       $ 0       $ 0       $ 23,391   Municipalities   341     0       415       0       415   Mortgage and asset-backed     securities   36     0       12       26       38   Public utilities   3,092     0       3,203       0       3,203   Sovereign and     supranational   2,555     0       2,711       0       2,711   Banks/financial institutions   4,431     0       4,546       0       4,546   Other corporate   3,000     0       3,216       0       3,216   Other investments   118     0       0       118       118     Total assets   $ 33,577     $ 23,391       $ 14,103       $ 144       $ 37,638   Liabilities:                                     Other policyholders’ funds   $ 6,285     $ 0       $ 0       $ 6,160       $ 6,160   Notes payable    (excluding capital leases)   4,951     0       0       5,256       5,256   Total liabilities   $ 11,236     $ 0       $ 0       $ 11,416       $ 11,416   Amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs. Fair Value of Financial Instruments U.S. GAAP requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments including those that are not carried at fair value. The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, other investments (excluding loan receivables), receivables, accrued investment income, accounts payable, cash collateral and payables for security transactions approximated their fair values due to the nature of these instruments. Liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims are not financial instruments as defined by U.S. GAAP. Fixed maturities, perpetual securities, and equity securities We determine the fair values of our fixed maturity securities, perpetual securities, and public and privately issued equity securities using the following approaches or techniques: price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors (including quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets) and non-binding price quotes we obtain from outside brokers. A third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models to determine fair values of privately issued securities to reflect the impact of the persistent economic environment and the changing regulatory framework. These models are discounted cash flow (DCF) valuation models, but also use information from related markets, specifically the CDS market to estimate expected cash flows. These models take into consideration any unique characteristics of the securities and make various adjustments to arrive at an appropriate issuer-specific loss adjusted credit curve.   This credit curve is then used with the relevant recovery rates to estimate expected cash flows and modeling of additional features, including illiquidity adjustments, if necessary, to price the security by discounting those loss adjusted cash flows. In cases where a credit curve cannot be developed from the specific security features, the valuation methodology takes into consideration other market observable inputs, including: 1) the most appropriate comparable security(ies) of the issuer; 2) issuer-specific CDS spreads; 3) bonds or CDS spreads of comparable issuers with similar characteristics such as rating, geography, or sector; or 4) bond indices that are comparative in rating, industry, maturity and region. 125 The pricing data and market quotes we obtain from outside sources, including third party pricing services, are reviewed internally for reasonableness. If a fair value appears unreasonable, we will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. Additionally, we may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. The output of this analysis is presented to the Company's Valuation and Classifications Subcommittee, or VCS. Based on the analysis provided to the VCS, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. We have performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value. The fixed maturities classified as Level 3 consist of securities for which there are limited or no observable valuation inputs. For Level 3 securities that are investment grade, we estimate the fair value of these securities by obtaining non-binding broker quotes from a limited number of brokers. These brokers base their quotes on a combination of their knowledge of the current pricing environment and market conditions. We consider these inputs to be unobservable. For Level 3 investments that are below-investment-grade securities, we consider a variety of significant valuation inputs in the valuation process, including forward exchange rates, yen swap rates, dollar swap rates, interest rate volatilities, credit spread data on specific issuers, assumed default and default recovery rates, and certain probability assumptions. In obtaining these valuation inputs, we have determined that certain pricing assumptions and data used by our pricing sources are difficult to validate or corroborate by the market and/or appear to be internally developed rather than observed in or corroborated by the market. The use of these unobservable valuation inputs causes more subjectivity in the valuation process for these securities.  For the periods presented, we have not adjusted the quotes or prices we obtain from the pricing services and brokers we use. The following tables present the pricing sources for the fair values of our fixed maturities, perpetual securities, and equity securities as of December 31. 126     2016 (In millions)   Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets  (Level 1)   Significant Observable Inputs  (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total  Fair  Value Securities available for sale, carried at fair value:                                       Fixed maturities:                                          Government and agencies:                                             Third party pricing vendor     $ 25,387       $ 827       $ 0       $ 26,214                  Total government and agencies     25,387       827       0       26,214            Municipalities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       1,295       0       1,295                  Total municipalities     0       1,295       0       1,295            Mortgage- and asset-backed securities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       1,139       0       1,139               Broker/other     0       0       198       198                  Total mortgage- and asset-backed securities     0       1,139       198       1,337            Public utilities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       7,667       0       7,667               Broker/other     0       0       16       16                  Total public utilities     0       7,667       16       7,683            Sovereign and supranational:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       1,469       0       1,469                  Total sovereign and supranational     0       1,469       0       1,469            Banks/financial institutions:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       6,038       0       6,038               Broker/other     0       0       25       25                  Total banks/financial institutions     0       6,038       25       6,063            Other corporate:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       29,699       0       29,699                  Total other corporate     0       29,699       0       29,699                     Total fixed maturities     25,387       48,134       239       73,760         Perpetual securities:                                          Banks/financial institutions:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       1,420       0       1,420                  Total banks/financial institutions     0       1,420       0       1,420            Other corporate:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       213       0       213                  Total other corporate     0       213       0       213                     Total perpetual securities     0       1,633       0       1,633         Equity securities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     1,300       6       0       1,306               Broker/other     0       0       3       3                  Total equity securities     1,300       6       3       1,309                        Total securities available for sale     $ 26,687       $ 49,773       $ 242       $ 76,702   127     2016 (In millions)   Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets  (Level 1)   Significant Observable Inputs  (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs  (Level 3)   Total  Fair  Value Securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:                                       Fixed maturities:                                          Government and agencies:                                             Third party pricing vendor     $ 26,040       $ 0       $ 0       $ 26,040                  Total government and agencies     26,040       0       0       26,040            Municipalities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       457       0       457                  Total municipalities     0       457       0       457            Mortgage- and asset-backed securities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       10       0       10               Broker/other     0       0       22       22                  Total mortgage- and asset-backed securities     0       10       22       32            Public utilities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       3,536       0       3,536                  Total public utilities     0       3,536       0       3,536            Sovereign and supranational:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       2,877       0       2,877                  Total sovereign and supranational     0       2,877       0       2,877            Banks/financial institutions:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       3,900       0       3,900                  Total banks/financial institutions     0       3,900       0       3,900            Other corporate:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       3,179       0       3,179                  Total other corporate     0       3,179       0       3,179                     Total securities held to maturity     $ 26,040       $ 13,959       $ 22       $ 40,021   128     2015 (In millions)   Quoted Prices in Active Markets  for Identical Assets  (Level 1)   Significant Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total  Fair  Value Securities available for sale, carried at fair value:                                       Fixed maturities:                                          Government and agencies:                                             Third party pricing vendor     $ 18,669       $ 607       $ 0       $ 19,276                  Total government and agencies     18,669       607       0       19,276            Municipalities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       1,208       0       1,208                  Total municipalities     0       1,208       0       1,208            Mortgage- and asset-backed securities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       362       0       362               Broker/other     0       0       220       220                  Total mortgage- and asset-backed securities     0       362       220       582            Public utilities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       7,479       0       7,479                  Total public utilities     0       7,479       0       7,479            Sovereign and supranational:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       1,407       0       1,407                  Total sovereign and supranational     0       1,407       0       1,407            Banks/financial institutions:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       5,993       0       5,993               Broker/other     0       0       26       26                  Total banks/financial institutions     0       5,993       26       6,019            Other corporate:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       29,378       0       29,378                  Total other corporate     0       29,378       0       29,378                     Total fixed maturities     18,669       46,434       246       65,349         Perpetual securities:                                          Banks/financial institutions:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       1,742       0       1,742                  Total banks/financial institutions     0       1,742       0       1,742            Other corporate:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       205       0       205                  Total other corporate     0       205       0       205                     Total perpetual securities     0       1,947       0       1,947         Equity securities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     489       6       0       495               Broker/other     0       0       3       3                  Total equity securities     489       6       3       498                        Total securities available for sale     $ 19,158       $ 48,387       $ 249       $ 67,794   129     2015 (In millions)   Quoted Prices in Active Markets  for Identical Assets  (Level 1)   Significant Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs  (Level 3)   Total  Fair  Value Securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:                                       Fixed maturities:                                          Government and agencies:                                             Third party pricing vendor     $ 23,391       $ 0       $ 0       $ 23,391                  Total government and agencies     23,391       0       0       23,391            Municipalities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       415       0       415                  Total municipalities     0       415       0       415            Mortgage- and asset-backed securities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       12       0       12               Broker/other     0       0       26       26                  Total mortgage- and asset-backed securities     0       12       26       38            Public utilities:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       3,203       0       3,203                  Total public utilities     0       3,203       0       3,203            Sovereign and supranational:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       2,711       0       2,711                  Total sovereign and supranational     0       2,711       0       2,711            Banks/financial institutions:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       4,546       0       4,546                  Total banks/financial institutions     0       4,546       0       4,546            Other corporate:                                             Third party pricing vendor     0       3,189       0       3,189               Broker/other     0       27       0       27                  Total other corporate     0       3,216       0       3,216                     Total securities held to maturity     $ 23,391       $ 14,103       $ 26       $ 37,520   The following is a discussion of the determination of fair value of our remaining financial instruments.  Derivatives We use derivative instruments to manage the risk associated with certain assets. However, the derivative instrument may not be classified in the same fair value hierarchy level as the associated asset. Inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility.  The fair values of the foreign currency forwards, options, and interest rate swaptions associated with certain investments; the foreign currency forwards and options used to hedge foreign exchange risk from our net investment in Aflac Japan and economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen; and the foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures are based on the amounts we would expect to receive or pay. The determination of the fair value of these derivatives is based on observable market inputs, therefore they are classified as Level 2.    For derivatives associated with VIEs where we are the primary beneficiary, we are not the direct counterparty to the swap contracts. As a result, the fair value measurements incorporate the credit risk of the collateral associated with the VIE. We receive valuations from a third party pricing vendor for these derivatives. Based on an analysis of these derivatives and a review of the methodology employed by the pricing vendor, we determined that due to the long duration of these swaps and the need to extrapolate from short-term observable data to derive and measure long-term inputs, certain inputs, assumptions and judgments are required to value future cash flows that cannot be corroborated by current  130 inputs or current observable market data. As a result, the derivatives associated with our consolidated VIEs are classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Loan Receivables  Our loan receivables do not have readily determinable market prices and generally lack market liquidity. Fair values for loan receivables are determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury or London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) yield plus an appropriate spread that considers other risk factors, such as credit and liquidity risk. These spreads are provided by the applicable asset managers based on their knowledge of the current loan pricing environment and market conditions. The spreads are a significant component of the pricing inputs and are generally considered unobservable. Therefore, these investments have been assigned a Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Loan receivables are included in other investments on the consolidated balance sheets. Other policyholders' funds The largest component of the other policyholders' funds liability is our annuity line of business in Aflac Japan. Our annuities have fixed benefits and premiums. For this product, we estimated the fair value to be equal to the cash surrender value. This is analogous to the value paid to policyholders on the valuation date if they were to surrender their policy. We periodically check the cash value against discounted cash flow projections for reasonableness. We consider our inputs for this valuation to be unobservable and have accordingly classified this valuation as Level 3.   Notes payable The fair values of our publicly issued notes payable classified as Level 3 were obtained from a limited number of independent brokers. These brokers base their quotes on a combination of their knowledge of the current pricing environment and market conditions. We consider these inputs to be unobservable. The fair values of our yen-denominated loans approximate their carrying values. Transfers between Hierarchy Levels and Level 3 Rollforward There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 for the years ended  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively.  The following tables present the changes in fair value of our available-for-sale investments and derivatives classified as Level 3 as of December 31. 2016   Fixed Maturities   Equity Securities   Derivatives (1)     (In millions) Mortgage- and Asset- Backed Securities   Public Utilities   Banks/ Financial Institutions         Foreign Currency Swaps   Credit Default Swaps   Total Balance, beginning of period $ 220   $ 0   $ 26     $ 3   $ (192 )   $ 1   $ 58 Realized investment gains (losses) included     in earnings 0   0   0     0   194   1   195 Unrealized gains (losses) included in other     comprehensive income (loss) 38   0   (1 )     0   (22 )   0   15 Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements:                       Purchases 0   16   0     0   0   0   16 Issuances 0   0   0     0   0   0   0 Sales 0   0   0     0   0   0   0 Settlements (60 )   0   0     0   (1 )   0   (61 ) Transfers into Level 3 0   0   0     0   0   0   0 Transfers out of Level 3 0   0   0     0   0   0   0 Balance, end of period $ 198   $ 16   $ 25     $ 3   $ (21 )   $ 2   $ 223 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating     to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at     the end of the period included in realized     investment gains (losses) $ 0   $ 0   $ 0     $ 0   $ 194   $ 1   $ 195 (1)  Derivative assets and liabilities are presented net 131 2015    Fixed Maturities   Perpetual Securities   Equity  Securities   Derivatives (1)      (In millions) Mortgage- and Asset- Backed Securities   Banks/ Financial Institutions   Banks/ Financial Institutions       Foreign Currency Swaps   Credit Default Swaps   Total Balance, beginning of period $ 223   $ 26   $ 149   $ 3   $ (212 )   $ 0   $ 189 Realized investment gains (losses) included in     earnings 0   0   0   0   (15 )   1   (14 ) Unrealized gains (losses) included in other     comprehensive income (loss) (1 )   0   (2 )   0   (1 )   0   (4 ) Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements:             Purchases 0   0   0   0   0   0   0 Issuances 0   0   0   0   0   0   0 Sales 0   0   (147 )   0   0   0   (147 ) Settlements (2 )   0   0   0   36   0   34 Transfers into Level 3 0   0   0   0   0   0   0 Transfers out of Level 3 0   0   0   0   0   0   0 Balance, end of period $ 220   $ 26   $ 0   $ 3   $ (192 )   $ 1   $ 58 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating     to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at     the end of the period included in realized     investment gains (losses) $ 0   $ 0   $ 0   $ 0   $ (15 )   $ 1   $ (14 ) (1)  Derivative assets and liabilities are presented net 132 Fair Value Sensitivity Level 3 Significant Unobservable Input Sensitivity  The following tables summarize the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of our Level 3 available-for-sale investments and derivatives as of December 31. Included in the tables are the inputs or range of possible inputs that have an effect on the overall valuation of the financial instruments. 2016 (In millions)   Fair Value   Valuation Technique(s)   Unobservable Input   Range  (Weighted Average)   Assets:                         Securities available for sale, carried at fair value:                           Fixed maturities:                              Mortgage- and asset-backed securities     $ 198     Consensus pricing   Offered quotes   N/A (d)          Public utilities     16     Discounted cash flow   Historical volatility   N/A (d)          Banks/financial institutions     25     Consensus pricing   Offered quotes   N/A (d)       Equity securities     3     Net asset value   Offered quotes   $1 - $701 ($8)     Other assets:                              Foreign currency swaps     16     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.34% - 2.59% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .22% - .80% (b)                   CDS spreads   17 - 172 bps                   Foreign exchange rates   21.47% (c)         29     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.34% - 2.59% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .22% - .80% (b)                   CDS spreads   16 - 88 bps         80     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.34% - 2.59% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .22% - .80% (b)                   Foreign exchange rates   21.47% (c)          Credit default swaps     2     Discounted cash flow   Base correlation   52.18% - 56.07% (e)                   CDS spreads   54 bps                   Recovery rate   36.69%               Total assets     $ 369                 (a) Inputs derived from U.S. long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (b) Inputs derived from Japan long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (c) Based on  10 year  volatility of JPY/USD exchange rate (d) N/A represents securities where we receive unadjusted broker quotes and for which there is no transparency into the providers' valuation techniques or unobservable inputs. (e) Range of base correlation for our bespoke tranche for attachment and detachment points corresponding to market indices 133 2016 (In millions)   Fair Value   Valuation Technique(s)   Unobservable Input   Range  (Weighted Average)   Liabilities:                              Foreign currency swaps     $ 113     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.34% - 2.59% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .22% - .80% (b)                   CDS spreads   17 - 172 bps                   Foreign exchange rates   21.47% (c)         23     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.34% - 2.59% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .22% - .80% (b)                   CDS spreads   24 - 216 bps         10     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.34% - 2.59% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .22% - .80% (b)                   Foreign exchange rates   21.47% (c)               Total liabilities     $ 146                 (a) Inputs derived from U.S. long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (b) Inputs derived from Japan long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (c) Based on  10 year  volatility of JPY/USD exchange rate 134 2015 (In millions)   Fair Value   Valuation Technique(s)   Unobservable Input   Range  (Weighted Average)   Assets:                         Securities available for sale, carried at fair value:                           Fixed maturities:                              Mortgage- and asset-backed securities     $ 220     Consensus pricing   Offered quotes   N/A (d)          Banks/financial institutions     26     Consensus pricing   Offered quotes   N/A (d)       Equity securities     3     Net asset value   Offered quotes   $1-$677 ($7)     Other assets:                              Foreign currency swaps     7     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.20% - 2.62% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .42% - 1.22% (b)                   CDS spreads   32 - 147 bps                   Foreign exchange rates   20.05% (c)         94     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.20% - 2.62% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .42% - 1.22% (b)                   Foreign exchange rates   20.05% (c)          Credit default swaps     1     Discounted cash flow   Base correlation       53.26% - 58.40% (e)                   CDS spreads   123 bps                   Recovery rate   36.87%               Total assets     $ 351                 (a) Inputs derived from U.S. long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (b) Inputs derived from Japan long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (c) Based on  10 year  volatility of JPY/USD exchange rate (d) N/A represents securities where we receive unadjusted broker quotes and for which there is no transparency into the providers' valuation techniques or unobservable inputs. (e) Range of base correlation for our bespoke tranche for attachment and detachment points corresponding to market indices 135 2015 (In millions)   Fair Value   Valuation Technique(s)   Unobservable Input   Range  (Weighted Average)   Liabilities:                              Foreign currency swaps     $ 158     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.20% - 2.62% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .42% - 1.22% (b)                   CDS spreads   32 - 147 bps                   Foreign exchange rates   20.05% (c)         120     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.20% - 2.62% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .42% - 1.22% (b)                   CDS spreads   35 - 213 bps         15     Discounted cash flow   Interest rates (USD)   2.20% - 2.62% (a)                   Interest rates (JPY)   .42% - 1.22% (b)                   Foreign exchange rates   20.05% (c)               Total liabilities     $ 293                 (a) Inputs derived from U.S. long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (b) Inputs derived from Japan long-term rates to accommodate long maturity nature of our swaps (c) Based on  10 year  volatility of JPY/USD exchange rate 136 The following is a discussion of the significant unobservable inputs or valuation technique used in determining the fair value of securities and derivatives classified as Level 3.  Net Asset Value We hold certain unlisted equity securities whose fair value is derived based on the financial statements published by the investee. These securities do not trade on an active market and the valuations derived are dependent on the availability of timely financial reporting of the investee. Net asset value is an unobservable input in the determination of fair value of   equity securities. Offered Quotes In circumstances where our valuation model price is overridden because it implies a value that is not consistent with current market conditions, we will solicit bids from a limited number of brokers. We also receive unadjusted prices from brokers for our mortgage and asset-backed securities. These quotes are non-binding but are reflective of valuation best estimates at that particular point in time. Offered quotes are an unobservable input in the determination of fair value of mortgage- and asset-backed securities, certain banks/financial institutions, certain other corporate, and equity securities investments. Interest Rates, CDS Spreads, Foreign Exchange Rates The significant drivers of the valuation of the interest and foreign exchange swaps are interest rates, foreign exchange rates and CDS spreads. Our swaps have long maturities that increase the sensitivity of the swaps to interest rate fluctuations. Since most of our yen-denominated cross currency swaps are in a net liability position, an increase in interest rates will decrease the liabilities and increase the value of the swap.   Foreign exchange swaps also have a lump-sum final settlement of foreign exchange principal receivables at the termination of the swap.  An increase in yen interest rates will decrease the value of the final settlement foreign exchange receivables and decrease the value of the swap, and an increase in U.S. dollar interest rates increase the swap value. A similar sensitivity pattern is observed for the foreign exchange rates. When the spot U.S. dollar/Japanese yen (USD/JPY) foreign exchange rate decreases and the swap is receiving a final exchange payment in JPY, the swap value will increase due to the appreciation of the JPY. Most of our swaps are designed to receive payments in JPY at the termination and will thus be impacted by the USD/JPY foreign exchange rate in this way. In cases where there is no final foreign exchange receivable in JPY and we are paying JPY as interest payments and receiving USD, a decrease in the foreign exchange rate will lead to a decrease in the swap value.   The extinguisher feature in most of our swaps results in a cessation of cash flows and no further payments between the parties to the swap in the event of a default on the referenced or underlying collateral. To price this feature, we apply the survival probability of the referenced entity to the projected cash flows. The survival probability uses the CDS spreads and recovery rates to adjust the present value of the cash flows. For extinguisher swaps with positive values, an increase in CDS spreads decreases the likelihood of receiving the final exchange payments and reduces the value of the swap. Due to the long duration of these swaps and the need to extrapolate from short-term observable data to derive and measure long-term inputs, certain inputs, assumptions and judgments are required to value future cash flows that cannot be corroborated by current inputs or current observable market data.  Interest rates, CDS spreads, and foreign exchange rates are unobservable inputs in the determination of fair value of foreign currency swaps. Base Correlations, CDS Spreads, Recovery Rates Our remaining CDO is a tranche on a basket of single-name credit default swaps. The risk in this synthetic CDO comes from the single-name CDS risk and the correlations between the single names. The valuation of synthetic CDOs is dependent on the calibration of market prices for interest rates, single name CDS default probabilities and base correlation using financial modeling tools. Since there is limited or no observable data available for this tranche, the base correlations must be obtained from commonly traded market tranches such as the CDX and iTraxx indices. From the historical prices of these indices, base correlations can be obtained to develop a pricing curve of CDOs with different seniorities. Since the reference entities of the market indices do not match those in the portfolio underlying the synthetic CDO to be valued, several processing steps are taken to map the CDO in our portfolio to the indices. With the base  137 correlation determined and the appropriate spreads selected, a valuation is calculated. An increase in the CDS spreads in the underlying portfolio leads to a decrease in the value due to higher probability of defaults and losses. The impact on the valuation due to base correlation depends on a number of factors, including the riskiness between market tranches and the modeled tranche based on our portfolio and the equivalence between detachment points in these tranches. Generally speaking, an increase in base correlation will decrease the value of the senior tranches while increasing the value of junior tranches. This may result in a positive or negative value change. The CDO tranche in our portfolio is a senior mezzanine tranche and, due to the low level of credit support for this type of tranche, exhibits equity-like behavior. As a result, an increase in recovery rates tends to cause its value to decrease. Base correlations, CDS spreads, and recovery rates are unobservable inputs in the determination of fair value of credit default swaps. For additional information on our investments and financial instruments, see the accompanying Notes 1, 3 and 4. 6. DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS AND INSURANCE EXPENSES Consolidated policy acquisition costs deferred were  $1.4 billion  in  2016 , compared with  $1.3 billion  in  2015  and  2014 . The following table presents a rollforward of deferred policy acquisition costs by segment for the years ended December 31.    2016   2015 (In millions) Japan   U.S.   Japan   U.S. Deferred policy acquisition costs:                               Balance, beginning of year   $ 5,370       $ 3,141       $ 5,211       $ 3,062   Capitalization   864       583       738       578   Amortization   (644 )       (497 )       (578 )       (488 )   Foreign currency translation and other   175       1       (1 )       (11 )   Balance, end of year   $ 5,765       $ 3,228       $ 5,370       $ 3,141   Commissions deferred as a percentage of total acquisition costs deferred were  74%  in  2016  and  2015 , compared with  77%  in  2014 . Personnel, compensation and benefit expenses as a percentage of insurance expenses were  53%  in  2016 , compared with  52%  in  2015  and  2014 . Advertising expense, which is included in insurance expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings, was as follows for the years ended December 31: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Advertising expense:                       Aflac Japan   $ 100       $ 82       $ 103   Aflac U.S.   124       129       126             Total advertising expense   $ 224       $ 211       $ 229   Depreciation and other amortization expenses, which are included in insurance expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings, were as follows for the years ended December 31: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Depreciation expense   $ 48       $ 44       $ 47   Other amortization expense   6       6       8             Total depreciation and other amortization expense   $ 54       $ 50       $ 55   138 Lease and rental expense, which are included in insurance expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings, were as follows for the years ended December 31: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Lease and rental expense:                       Aflac Japan   $ 53       $ 46       $ 52   Aflac U.S.   21       18       15   Other   1       1       1             Total lease and rental expense   $ 75       $ 65       $ 68   7. POLICY LIABILITIES Policy liabilities consist of future policy benefits, unpaid policy claims, unearned premiums, and other policyholders' funds, which accounted for  81% ,  4% ,  8%  and  7%  of total policy liabilities at  December 31, 2016 , respectively. We regularly review the adequacy of our policy liabilities in total and by component.  The liability for future policy benefits as of December 31 consisted of the following: 139         Liability Amounts     Interest Rates (In millions) Policy Issue Year   2016   2015     Year of Issue   In 20 Years Health insurance:                         Japan: 1992 - 2016   $ 8,912   $ 7,633     1.0 - 2.5 %   1.0 - 2.5 %   1974 - 2013   1,118   1,078     2.7 - 2.75     2.25 - 2.75     1998 - 2016   11,687   11,008     3.0     3.0     1997 - 1999   2,485   2,435     3.5     3.5     1994 - 1996   3,069   2,998     4.0 - 4.5     4.0 - 4.5     1987 - 1994   14,372   14,161     5.5     5.5     1985 - 1991   1,871   1,868     5.25 - 6.75     5.25 - 5.5     1978 - 1984   2,134   2,163     6.5     5.5                             U.S.: 2013 - 2016   75   57     3.0 - 3.5     3.0 - 3.5     2012 - 2016   1,062   794     3.75     3.75     2011   319   300     4.75     4.75     2005 - 2010   3,004   2,986     5.5     5.5     1988 - 2004   669   687     8.0     6.0     1986 - 2004   1,265   1,276     6.0     6.0     1981 - 1986   166   174     6.5 - 7.0     5.5 - 6.5     1998 - 2004   1,295   1,279     7.0     7.0     Other   19   21                                         Intercompany eliminations: 2015   (630 ) (1)   (646 ) (1)     2.0     2.0                                                       Life insurance:                         Japan: 2001 - 2016   7,255   5,441     1.0 - 1.85     1.0 - 1.85     2011 - 2016   4,151   3,226     2.0     2.0     2009 - 2011   2,861   2,332     2.25     2.25     1992 - 2006   5   5     2.19     1.55     2005 - 2011   1,488   1,330     2.5     2.5     1985 - 2006   2,007   1,962     2.7     2.25     2007 - 2011   1,220   1,105     2.75     2.75     1999 - 2011   2,102   1,988     3.0     3.0     1996 - 2009   657   635     3.5     3.5     1994 - 1996   897   877     4.0 - 4.5     4.0 - 4.5                             U.S.: 1956 - 2016   571   514     3.5 - 6.0     3.5 - 6.0   Total     $ 76,106   $ 69,687                 (1)   Elimination entry necessary due to recapture of a portion of policy liabilities ceded externally, as a result of the reinsurance retrocession transaction as described in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements The weighted-average interest rates reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings for future policy benefits for Japanese policies were  3.5%  in  2016 , compared with  3.6%  in  2015  and  3.8%  in  2014 ; and for U.S. policies,  5.5%  in  2016 , compared with  5.6%  in  2015  and  5.7%  in  2014 . 140 Changes in the liability for unpaid policy claims were as follows for the years ended December 31: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Unpaid supplemental health claims, beginning of year   $ 3,548       $ 3,412       $ 3,537   Less reinsurance recoverables   26       7       9   Net balance, beginning of year   3,522       3,405       3,528   Add claims incurred during the year related to:                       Current year   7,037       6,416       6,866   Prior years   (465 )       (353 )       (301 )   Total incurred   6,572       6,063       6,565   Less claims paid during the year on claims incurred during:                       Current year   4,613       4,227       4,532   Prior years   1,865       1,718       1,873   Total paid   6,478       5,945       6,405   Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on unpaid claims   64       (1 )       (283 )   Net balance, end of year   3,680       3,522       3,405   Add reinsurance recoverables    27       26       7   Unpaid supplemental health claims, end of year   3,707       3,548       3,412   Unpaid life claims, end of year   338       254       218   Total liability for unpaid policy claims   $ 4,045       $ 3,802       $ 3,630   Total incurred claims increased from 2015 to 2016 partially due to the impact of foreign exchange rates as well as normal increases in inforce and policyholder aging. The incurred claims development related to prior years reflects favorable claims experience compared to previous estimates, primarily in our lines of business in Japan.  As of December 31,  2016  and  2015 , unearned premiums consisted primarily of discounted advance premiums on deposit. Discounted advance premiums are premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain Aflac Japan limited-pay insurance products. These advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as premium revenue over the contractual premium payment period. These advanced premiums represented  76%  of the December 31,  2016  and  77%  of the December 31,  2015  unearned premiums balances. As of December 31,  2016  and  2015 , the largest component of the other policyholders' funds liability is our annuity line of business in Aflac Japan. Our annuities have fixed benefits and premiums. These annuities represented  98%  of both the  December 31, 2016  and  2015  other policyholders' funds liability. 141 8.   REINSURANCE We enter into fixed quota-share coinsurance agreements with other companies in the normal course of business. For each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Reinsurance premiums and benefits paid or provided are accounted for on bases consistent with those used in accounting for the original policies issued and the terms of the reinsurance contracts. Premiums and benefits are reported net of insurance ceded. Effective March 31, 2015, we entered into a coinsurance transaction whereby we ceded  30.0%  of the sickness hospital benefit of one of Aflac Japan’s closed in-force blocks of business. We have an agreement for a  $90 million  letter of credit as collateral for this reinsurance transaction (see Note 13 for additional information). Effective April 1, 2015, we entered into a retrocession coinsurance transaction whereby we assumed  27.0%  of the sickness hospital benefit of one of Aflac Japan’s closed in-force blocks of business through our subsidiary CAIC.  Effective October 1, 2014 and September 30, 2013, we entered into coinsurance reinsurance transactions whereby we ceded  16.7%  and  33.3% , respectively, of the hospital benefit of one of Aflac Japan’s closed medical in-force blocks of business. Effective December 31, 2014, we entered into a retrocession coinsurance reinsurance transaction whereby we assumed  8.35%  of the reinsured hospital benefit of one of Aflac Japan’s closed medical in-force blocks of business through our subsidiary CAIC.  For our reinsurance transactions to date, we have recorded a deferred profit liability related to the reinsurance transactions. The remaining deferred profit liability of  $870 million , as of  December 31, 2016 , included in future policy benefits in the consolidated balance sheet, is being amortized into income over the expected lives of the policies. We also have recorded a reinsurance recoverable for reinsurance transactions, which is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet and had a remaining balance of  $860 million  and  $805 million  as of  December 31, 2016  and 2015, respectively. The increase in the reinsurance recoverable balance was driven by two aggregating factors: yen strengthening and the growth in reserves related to the business that has been reinsured as the policies age. The spot yen/dollar exchange rate strengthened by approximately  4%  and ceded reserves increased approximately  3%  from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016. The following table reconciles direct premium income and direct benefits and claims to net amounts after the effect of reinsurance for the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016 2015 Direct premium income   $ 19,592     $ 17,904   Ceded to other companies:                 Ceded Aflac Japan closed blocks   (560 )     (481 )       Other   (48 )     (39 )   Assumed from other companies:                 Retrocession activities   234     178       Other   7     8   Net premium income   $ 19,225     $ 17,570                 Direct benefits and claims   $ 13,240     $ 12,041   Ceded benefits and change in reserves for future benefits:                 Ceded Aflac Japan closed blocks   (509 )     (437 )       Eliminations   58     46       Other   (38 )     (30 )   Assumed from other companies:                 Retrocession activities   222     167       Eliminations   (58 )     (46 )       Other   4     5   Benefits and claims, net   $ 12,919     $ 11,746   142 These reinsurance transactions are indemnity reinsurance that do not relieve us from our obligations to policyholders. In the event that the reinsurer is unable to meet their obligations, we remain liable for the reinsured claims.  As a part of our capital contingency plan, we entered into a committed reinsurance facility agreement on December 1, 2015 in the amount of approximately  110 billion  yen. This reinsurance facility agreement was renewed in 2016 and is effective until December 31, 2017. There are also additional commitment periods of a one-year duration each which are automatically extended unless notification is received from the reinsurer within 60 days prior to the expiration. The reinsurer can withdraw from the committed facility if Aflac‘s Standard and Poor's (S&P) rating drops below BBB-. As of  December 31, 2016 , we have not executed a reinsurance treaty under this committed reinsurance facility. 9. NOTES PAYABLE A summary of notes payable as of December 31 follows: (In millions) 2016   2015 2.65% senior notes due February 2017   $ 649       $ 651   2.40% senior notes due March 2020   547       546   4.00% senior notes due February 2022   348       348   3.625% senior notes due June 2023   696       696   3.625% senior notes due November 2024   745       744   3.25% senior notes due March 2025   445       445   2.875% senior notes due October 2026   298       0   6.90% senior notes due December 2039   220       393   6.45% senior notes due August 2040   254       445   4.00% senior notes due October 2046   394       0   5.50% subordinated debentures due September 2052   486       486   Yen-denominated Uridashi notes:               2.26% notes paid September 2016 (principal amount 8 billion yen)   0       66   Yen-denominated Samurai notes:               1.84% notes paid July 2016 (principal amount 15.8 billion yen)   0       131   Yen-denominated loans:               Variable interest rate loan due September 2021 (.31% in 2016, principal amount 5.0 billion yen)   43       0   Variable interest rate loan due September 2023 (.46% in 2016, principal amount 25.0 billion yen)   214       0   Capitalized lease obligations payable through 2023   21       20   Total notes payable   $ 5,360       $ 4,971   Prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs. Amounts in the table above are reported net of debt issuance costs and issuance premiums or discounts, if applicable, that are being amortized over the life of the notes. In September 2016, the Parent Company issued  two  series of senior notes totaling  $700 million  through a U.S. public debt offering. The first series, which totaled  $300 million , bears interest at a fixed rate of  2.875%  per annum, payable semi-annually and has a  10 -year maturity. The second series, which totaled  $400 million , bears interest at a fixed rate of  4.00%  per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a  30 -year maturity. In September 2016, the Parent Company entered into  two  series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling  30.0 billion  yen. The first series, which totaled  5.0 billion  yen,  bears an interest rate per annum equal to the Tokyo interbank market rate (TIBOR), or alternate TIBOR, if applicable, plus the applicable TIBOR margin and has a five-year maturity. The applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.  The second series, which totaled  25.0 billion  yen,  bears an interest rate per annum equal to TIBOR, or alternate TIBOR, if applicable, plus the applicable TIBOR margin and has a seven-year maturity. The applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.    In March 2015, the Parent Company issued  two  series of senior notes totaling  $1.0 billion  through a U.S. public debt offering. The first series, which totaled  $550 million , bears interest at a fixed rate of  2.40%  per annum, payable semi- 143 annually, and has a  five -year maturity. The second series, which totaled  $450 million , bears interest at a fixed rate of  3.25%  per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a  10 -year maturity. We have entered into cross-currency swaps that convert the U.S. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes into yen-denominated obligations which results in lower nominal net interest rates on the debt. By entering into these cross-currency swaps, we economically converted our  $550 million  liability into a  67.0 billion  yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from  2.40%  in dollars to  .24%  in yen, and we economically converted our  $450 million  liability into a  55.0 billion  yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from  3.25%  in dollars to  .82%  in yen. In November 2014, the Parent Company issued  $750 million  of senior notes through a U.S. public debt offering. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate of  3.625%  per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a  10 -year maturity.  These notes are redeemable at our option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or (ii) the amount equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments for principal of and interest on the notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of the payments of interest accrued as of such redemption date, discounted to such redemption date on a semiannual basis at the treasury rate plus 20 basis points, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, such redemption date.  We entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to reduce interest expense by converting the U.S. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes we issued into yen-denominated obligations. By entering into the swaps, we economically converted our  $750 million  liability into an  85.3 billion  yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from  3.625%  in dollars to  1.00%  in yen. In June 2013, the Parent Company issued  $700 million  of senior notes through a U.S. public debt offering. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate of  3.625%  per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a  10 -year maturity.  These notes are redeemable at our option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or (ii) the amount equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments for principal of and interest on the notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of the payments of interest accrued as of such redemption date, discounted to such redemption date on a semiannual basis at the treasury rate plus 20 basis points, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, such redemption date.  We entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to reduce interest expense by converting the U.S. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes we issued into yen-denominated obligations. By entering into these swaps, we economically converted our  $700 million  liability into a  69.8 billion  yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from  3.625%  in dollars to  1.50%  in yen.  In September 2012, the Parent Company issued  $450 million  of subordinated debentures through a U.S. public debt offering. The debentures bear interest at a fixed rate of  5.50%  per annum, payable quarterly, and have a  40 -year maturity.   In five years, on or after  September 26, 2017 , we may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption; provided that if the debentures are not redeemed in whole, at least  $25 million  aggregate principal amount of the debentures must remain outstanding after giving effect to such redemption. The debentures may only be redeemed prior to  September 26, 2017 , in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain tax events or certain rating agency events, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the debentures. We entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to convert the U.S. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the subordinated debentures we issued into yen-denominated obligations. By entering into these swaps, we economically converted our  $450 million  liability into a  35.3 billion  yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from  5.50%  in dollars to  4.41%  in yen. The swaps will expire after the initial  five -year non-callable period for the debentures. In  October 2012 , the underwriters exercised their option, pursuant to the underwriting agreement, to purchase an additional  $50 million  principal amount of the debentures discussed above. We entered into a cross-currency interest rate swap to economically convert this  $50 million  liability into a  3.9 billion  yen liability and reduce the interest rate from  5.50%  in dollars to  4.42%  in yen. The swap will expire after the initial  five -year non-callable period for the debentures. In February 2012, the Parent Company issued  two  series of senior notes totaling  $750 million  through a U.S. public debt offering. The first series, which totaled  $400 million , bears interest at a fixed rate of  2.65%  per annum, payable semiannually, and has a  five -year maturity. The second series, which totaled  $350 million , bears interest at a fixed rate of  4.00%  per annum, payable semiannually, and has a  10 -year maturity. These notes are redeemable at our option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the principal amount of the notes or (ii) the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to be redeemed, discounted to the redemption date, plus accrued and unpaid interest. We entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to reduce interest expense by converting the U.S. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes we issued into yen-denominated obligations. By entering into these swaps, we economically converted our  $400 million  liability into a  30.9 billion  yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from  2.65%  in dollars to  1.22%  in yen. We also economically converted our  $350 million  liability into a  27.0 billion  yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from  4.00%  in  144 dollars to  2.07%  in yen. In July 2012, the Parent Company issued  $250 million  of senior notes that are an addition to the original first series of senior notes issued in February 2012. These notes have a  five -year maturity and a fixed rate of  2.65%  per annum, payable semiannually. In 2010 and 2009, we issued senior notes through U.S. public debt offerings; the details of these notes are as follows. In August 2010, we issued  $450 million  of senior notes that have a  30 -year maturity. In December 2009, we issued  $400 million  of senior notes that have a  30 -year maturity. These senior notes pay interest semiannually and are redeemable at our option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the principal amount of the notes or (ii) the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to be redeemed, discounted to the redemption date, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  In December 2016, the Parent Company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished  $176 million  principal of its  6.90%  senior notes due 2039 and  $193 million  principal of its  6.45%  senior notes due 2040. The pretax loss due to the early redemption of these notes was  $137 million .  In September 2016, we extinguished  8.0 billion  yen of  2.26%  fixed rate Uridashi notes upon their maturity and in July 2016, we extinguished  15.8 billion  yen of  1.84%  fixed rate Samurai notes upon their maturity. For our yen-denominated notes and loans, the principal amount as stated in dollar terms will fluctuate from period to period due to changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. We have designated the majority of our yen-denominated notes payable as a nonderivative hedge of the foreign currency exposure of our investment in Aflac Japan.  The aggregate contractual maturities of notes payable during each of the years after  December 31, 2016 , are as follows: (In millions) Long-term Debt   Capitalized Lease Obligations   Total Notes Payable 2017   $ 650       $ 6       $ 656   2018   0       6       6   2019   0       5       5   2020   550       2       552   2021   43       1       44   Thereafter   4,145       1       4,146   Total   $ 5,388       $ 21       $ 5,409   In October 2016, the Parent Company and Aflac renewed a  364 -day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of  $100 million .  Borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period.  There are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. Borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the financing agreement will mature no later than three months after the last drawdown date of October 14, 2017. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our  $100 million  credit agreement.  In March 2016, the Parent Company entered into a  three -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to  100.0 billion  yen on a revolving basis.  Borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to TIBOR plus, at our option, either (a) the applicable TIBOR margin during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date or (b) the applicable TIBOR margin during the term out period. The applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75% during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date and .70% and 1.50% during the term out period, depending on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination.  In addition, the Parent Company is required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between  .30%  and  .50% , also based on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination. Borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the Parent Company, and will expire on the earlier of (a) March 31, 2019, or (b) the date the commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. The credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our  100.0 billion  yen revolving credit agreement. 145 The Parent Company and Aflac have a  five -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to  55.0 billion  yen or the equivalent of yen in U.S. dollars on a revolving basis. This credit agreement provides for borrowings in Japanese yen or the equivalent of Japanese yen in U.S. dollars on a revolving basis.  Borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) a eurocurrency rate determined by reference to the LIBOR for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for certain additional costs or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus ½ of 1%, (2) the rate of interest for such day announced by Mizuho Bank, Ltd. as its prime rate and (3) the eurocurrency rate for an interest period of one month plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin.  The applicable margin ranges between .79% and 1.275% for eurocurrency rate borrowings and 0.0% and .275% for base rate borrowings, depending on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination.  In addition, the Parent Company and Aflac are required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between  .085%  and  .225% , also based on the Parent Company’s debt ratings as of the date of determination. Borrowings under the amended and restated credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the Parent Company and Aflac. The amended and restated credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis and will expire on the earlier of (a) September 18, 2020, or (b) the date the commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our  55.0 billion  yen revolving credit agreement. The Parent Company and Aflac have an uncommitted bilateral line of credit with a third party that provides for borrowings in the amount of  $50 million .  Borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period.  There are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. Borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. As of  December 31, 2016 , we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our  $50 million  credit agreement.  We were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at  December 31, 2016 .  No  events of default or defaults occurred during  2016  and  2015 . 10.   INCOME TAXES The components of income tax expense (benefit) applicable to pretax earnings for the years ended December 31 were as follows: (In millions) Foreign   U.S.   Total 2016:                       Current   $ 650       $ 234       $ 884   Deferred   136       388       524   Total income tax expense   $ 786       $ 622       $ 1,408   2015:                       Current   $ 1,063       $ 225       $ 1,288   Deferred   42       (1 )       41   Total income tax expense   $ 1,105       $ 224       $ 1,329   2014:                       Current   $ 995       $ 84       $ 1,079   Deferred   125       336       461   Total income tax expense   $ 1,120       $ 420       $ 1,540   The Japan income tax rate for the fiscal year 2014 was  33.3% . The rate was reduced to  30.8%  for the fiscal year 2015 and reduced to  28.8%  for the fiscal year 2016. Income tax expense in the accompanying statements of earnings varies from the amount computed by applying the expected U.S. tax rate of  35%  to pretax earnings. The principal reasons for the differences and the related tax effects for  146 the years ended December 31 were as follows: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Income taxes based on U.S. statutory rates   $ 1,424       $ 1,352       $ 1,572   Utilization of foreign tax credit   (30 )       (27 )       (32 )   Nondeductible expenses   8       3       5   Other, net   6       1       (5 )   Income tax expense   $ 1,408       $ 1,329       $ 1,540   Total income tax expense for the years ended December 31 was allocated as follows: (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Statements of earnings   $ 1,408       $ 1,329       $ 1,540   Other comprehensive income (loss):                       Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period   70       16       (419 )   Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities:                       Unrealized holding gains (losses) on investment    securities during period   962       (931 )       2,237   Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains) losses     on investment securities included in net earnings   18       21       19   Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period   1       0       (3 )   Pension liability adjustment during period   (16 )       (7 )       (31 )   Total income tax expense (benefit) related to items of    other comprehensive income (loss)   1,035       (901 )       1,803   Additional paid-in capital (exercise of stock options)   (10 )       4       (7 )   Total income taxes   $ 2,433       $ 432       $ 3,336   The income tax effects of the temporary differences that gave rise to deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December 31 were as follows: (In millions) 2016   2015 Deferred income tax liabilities:               Deferred policy acquisition costs   $ 2,439       $ 2,282   Unrealized gains on investment securities   2,636       1,684   Premiums receivable   111       139   Policy benefit reserves   1,638       1,313   Depreciation   70     61   Other   0     0   Total deferred income tax liabilities   6,894       5,479   Deferred income tax assets:               Other basis differences in investment securities   1,167       1,422   Unfunded retirement benefits   13       15   Other accrued expenses   11       7   Policy and contract claims   146       113   Foreign currency loss on Japan branch   185       208   Deferred compensation   210       181   Capital loss carryforwards   3       0   Other   103       95   Total deferred income tax assets   1,838       2,041   Net deferred income tax liability   5,056       3,438   Current income tax liability   331       902   Total income tax liability   $ 5,387       $ 4,340   147 Based upon a review of the Company's anticipated future taxable income, and including all other available evidence, both positive and negative, the Company's management has concluded that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. Under U.S. income tax rules,  only 35% of non-life operating losses can be offset against life insurance taxable income each year . For current U.S. income tax purposes, there were no unused operating loss carryforwards available to offset against future taxable income. The Company has capital loss carryforwards of  $9 million  available to offset capital gains which expire in 2021. The Company files federal income tax returns in the United States and Japan as well as state or prefecture income tax returns in various jurisdictions in the two countries. The Company is currently under audit by the State of Illinois for tax years 2006-2012. There are currently no other open Federal, State, or local U.S. income tax audits. U.S. federal income tax returns for years before 2011 are no longer subject to examination. The Company is currently under a corporate income tax audit in Japan by the National Tax Agency (NTA) for tax years 2012-2015. Japan corporate income tax returns for years before 2012 are no longer subject to examination. Management believes it has established adequate tax liabilities and final resolution of all open audits is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows for the years ended December 31: (In millions)   2016     2015   Balance, beginning of year   $ 264   $ 309 Additions for tax positions of prior years   33      0    Reductions for tax positions of prior years   (3 )      (45 )   Balance, end of year   $ 294   $ 264 Included in the balance of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits at  December 31, 2016 , are  $293 million  of tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain, but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility, compared with  $261 million  at  December 31, 2015 . Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, the disallowance of the shorter deductibility period would not affect the annual effective tax rate, but would accelerate the payment of cash to the taxing authority to an earlier period. The Company has accrued approximately  $1 million  as of  December 31, 2016 , for permanent uncertainties, which if reversed would not have a material effect on the annual effective rate. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We recognized approximately  $13 million  in interest and penalties in  2016 , compared with  $11 million  in  2015  and  2014 . The Company has accrued approximately  $26 million  for the payment of interest and penalties as of  December 31, 2016 , compared with  $22 million  a year ago. As of  December 31, 2016 , there were no material uncertain tax positions for which the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months.  11. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 148 The following table is a reconciliation of the number of shares of the Company's common stock for the years ended December 31. (In thousands of shares) 2016   2015   2014 Common stock - issued:           Balance, beginning of period 669,723   668,132   667,046 Exercise of stock options and issuance of restricted shares 1,526   1,591   1,086 Balance, end of period 671,249   669,723   668,132 Treasury stock:           Balance, beginning of period 245,343   225,687   207,633 Purchases of treasury stock:           Open market 21,618   21,179   19,660 Other 330   247   157 Dispositions of treasury stock:           Shares issued to AFL Stock Plan (1,064)   (1,209)   (1,251) Exercise of stock options (683)   (465)   (391) Other (105)   (96)   (121) Balance, end of period 265,439   245,343   225,687 Shares outstanding, end of period 405,810   424,380   442,445 Outstanding share-based awards are excluded from the calculation of weighted-average shares used in the computation of basic EPS. The following table presents the approximate number of share-based awards to purchase shares, on a weighted-average basis, that were considered to be anti-dilutive and were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share at December 31:  (In thousands) 2016   2015   2014 Anti-dilutive share-based awards   911       1,862       1,215   The weighted-average shares used in calculating earnings per share for the years ended December 31 were as follows:  (In thousands of shares) 2016   2015   2014 Weighted-average outstanding shares used for calculating basic EPS 411,471   430,654   451,204 Dilutive effect of share-based awards 2,450   2,518   2,796 Weighted-average outstanding shares used for calculating diluted EPS 413,921   433,172   454,000 Share Repurchase Program:  During  2016 , we purchased  21.6 million  shares of our common stock in the open market, compared with  21.2 million  shares in  2015  and  19.7 million  shares in  2014 . As of  December 31, 2016 , a remaining balance of  26.8 million  shares of our common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by our board of directors. Voting Rights:  In accordance with the Parent Company's articles of incorporation, shares of common stock are generally entitled to  one  vote per share until they have been held by the same beneficial owner for a continuous period of  48 months , at which time they become entitled to  10  votes per share. Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The table below is a reconciliation of accumulated other comprehensive income by component for the years ended December 31. 149 Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 2016 (In millions) Unrealized Foreign  Currency Translation  Gains (Losses)   Unrealized  Gains (Losses)  on Investment Securities   Unrealized  Gains (Losses)  on Derivatives   Pension  Liability  Adjustment   Total Balance, beginning of period   $ (2,196 )       $ 2,986       $ (26 )       $ (139 )       $ 625   Other comprehensive     income (loss) before     reclassification   213       1,854       2       (32 )       2,037   Amounts reclassified from     accumulated other    comprehensive income   (loss)   0       (35 )       0       3       (32 )   Net current-period other     comprehensive     income (loss)   213       1,819       2       (29 )       2,005   Balance, end of period   $ (1,983 )       $ 4,805       $ (24 )       $ (168 )       $ 2,630   All amounts in the table above are net of tax.  2015 (In millions) Unrealized Foreign  Currency Translation  Gains (Losses)   Unrealized  Gains (Losses)  on Investment Securities   Unrealized  Gains (Losses)  on Derivatives   Pension Liability Adjustment   Total Balance, beginning of period   $ (2,541 )       $ 4,672       $ (26 )       $ (126 )       $ 1,979   Other comprehensive     income (loss) before     reclassification   345       (1,646 )       0       (13 )       (1,314 )   Amounts reclassified from     accumulated other    comprehensive income   (loss)   0       (40 )       0       0       (40 )   Net current-period other     comprehensive     income (loss)   345       (1,686 )       0       (13 )       (1,354 )   Balance, end of period   $ (2,196 )       $ 2,986       $ (26 )       $ (139 )       $ 625   All amounts in the table above are net of tax. 150 2014 (In millions) Unrealized Foreign  Currency Translation  Gains (Losses)   Unrealized  Gains (Losses)  on Investment Securities   Unrealized  Gains (Losses)  on Derivatives   Pension Liability Adjustment   Total Balance, beginning of period   $ (1,505 )       $ 1,035       $ (12 )       $ (81 )       $ (563 )   Other comprehensive     income (loss) before     reclassification   (1,036 )       3,672       (14 )       (44 )       2,578   Amounts reclassified from     accumulated other    comprehensive income   (loss)   0       (35 )       0       (1 )       (36 )   Net current-period other     comprehensive     income (loss)   (1,036 )       3,637       (14 )       (45 )       2,542   Balance, end of period   $ (2,541 )       $ 4,672       $ (26 )       $ (126 )       $ 1,979   All amounts in the table above are net of tax. The table below summarizes the amounts reclassified from each component of accumulated other comprehensive income based on source for the years ended December 31. Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (In millions) 2016   Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Components Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Affected Line Item in the  Statements of Earnings Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale     securities   $ 136   Sales and redemptions     (83 )   Other-than-temporary impairment  losses realized     53   Total before tax     (18 )   Tax (expense) or benefit (1)     $ 35   Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items:                Actuarial gains (losses)   $ (15 )   Acquisition and operating expenses (2) Prior service (cost) credit   11   Acquisition and operating expenses (2)     1   Tax (expense) or benefit (1)     $ (3 )   Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period   $ 32   Net of tax (1)  Based on  35%  tax rate (2)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see     Note 14 for additional details).   151 (In millions) 2015   Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Components Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Affected Line Item in the  Statements of Earnings Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale     securities   $ 214   Sales and redemptions     (153 )   Other-than-temporary impairment  losses realized     61   Total before tax     (21 )   Tax (expense) or benefit (1)     $ 40   Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items:                Actuarial gains (losses)   $ (17 )   Acquisition and operating expenses (2) Prior service (cost) credit   17   Acquisition and operating expenses (2)     0   Tax (expense) or benefit (1)     $ 0   Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period   $ 40   Net of tax (1)  Based on  35%  tax rate (2)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 14 for additional details). (In millions) 2014   Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Components Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Affected Line Item in the  Statements of Earnings Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale     securities   $ 57   Sales and redemptions     (3 )   Other-than-temporary impairment losses realized     54   Total before tax     (19 )   Tax (expense) or benefit (1)     $ 35   Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items:                Actuarial gains (losses)   $ (15 )   Acquisition and operating expenses (2)        Prior service (cost) credit   17   Acquisition and operating expenses (2)     (1 )   Tax (expense) or benefit (1)     $ 1   Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period   $ 36   Net of tax (1)  Based on  35%  tax rate (2)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 14 for additional details). 12. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION As of  December 31, 2016 , the Company has outstanding share-based awards under  two  long-term incentive compensation plans.  The first plan, which expired in February 2007, is a stock option plan which allowed grants for incentive stock options (ISOs) to employees and non-qualifying stock options (NQSOs) to employees and non-employee directors. The options have a term of  10  years. The exercise price of options granted under this plan is equal to the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. Options granted before the plan's expiration date remain outstanding in accordance with their terms. The second long-term incentive compensation plan allows awards to Company employees for ISOs, NQSOs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights. Non-employee directors are eligible for grants of  152 NQSOs, restricted stock, and stock appreciation rights. The ISOs and NQSOs have a term of  10  years, and the share-based awards generally vest upon time-based conditions or time- and performance-based conditions. Time-based vesting generally occurs after  three  years. Performance-based vesting conditions generally include the attainment of goals related to Company financial performance. As of  December 31, 2016 , approximately  8.8 million  shares were available for future grants under this plan, and the only performance-based awards issued and outstanding were restricted stock awards. Share-based awards granted to U.S.-based grantees are settled with authorized but unissued Company stock, while those issued to Japan-based grantees are settled with treasury shares.  The following table presents the impact of the expense recognized in connection with share-based awards for the periods ended December 31. (In millions, except for per-share amounts) 2016   2015   2014 Impact on earnings from continuing operations   $ 68       $ 39       $ 41   Impact on earnings before income taxes   68       39       41   Impact on net earnings   46       27       28   Impact on net earnings per share:                       Basic   $ .11       $ .06       $ .06   Diluted   .11       .06       .06   We estimate the fair value of each stock option granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton multiple option approach. Expected volatility is based on historical periods generally commensurate with the estimated terms of the options. We use historical data to estimate option exercise and termination patterns within the model. Separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise patterns are stratified and considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of our option model and represents the weighted-average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. We base the risk-free interest rate on the Treasury note rate with a term comparable to that of the estimated term of the options. The weighted-average fair value of options at their grant date was  $12.70  per share for  2016 , compared with  $9.46  for  2015  and  $16.24  in  2014 . The following table presents the assumptions used in valuing options granted during the years ended December 31.    2016   2015   2014 Expected term (years)   6.4       6.3       6.3   Expected volatility   27.0 %     20.0 %     30.0 % Annual forfeiture rate   3.2       2.8       2.7   Risk-free interest rate   2.2       2.0       2.8   Dividend yield   2.9       2.7       2.3   153 The following table summarizes stock option activity. (In thousands of shares) Stock Option Shares   Weighted-Average Exercise Price Per Share Outstanding at December 31, 2013   9,980       $ 47.03   Granted in 2014   678       61.81   Canceled in 2014   (115 )       52.01   Exercised in 2014   (1,236 )       41.04   Outstanding at December 31, 2014   9,307       48.84   Granted in 2015   855       61.47   Canceled in 2015   (231 )       55.70   Exercised in 2015   (2,013 )       45.15   Outstanding at December 31, 2015   7,918       50.94   Granted in 2016   664       61.39   Canceled in 2016   (181 )       55.63   Exercised in 2016   (2,061 )       48.91   Outstanding at December 31, 2016   6,340       $ 52.56     (In thousands of shares) 2016   2015   2014 Shares exercisable, end of year   4,493       6,085       7,497   The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at  December 31, 2016 . (In thousands of shares)     Options Outstanding   Options Exercisable   Range of Exercise Prices Per Share     Stock Option Shares Outstanding   Wgtd.-Avg. Remaining Contractual Life (Yrs.)   Wgtd.-Avg. Exercise Price Per Share   Stock Option Shares Exercisable   Wgtd.-Avg. Exercise Price Per Share   $ 14.99 - $ 47.06       1,639       3.0       $ 36.38       1,639       $ 36.38     47.23 - 55.72       1,348       3.8       51.11       1,348       51.11     56.24 - 61.45       1,706       7.0       59.05       632       57.92     61.81 - 63.16       1,322       4.1       62.10       802       61.87     63.34 - 72.42       325       8.5       67.36       72       67.50     $ 14.99 - $ 72.42       6,340       4.8       $ 52.56       4,493       $ 48.88   The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the quoted closing common stock price of  $69.60  as of  December 31, 2016 , for those awards that have an exercise price currently below the closing price. As of  December 31, 2016 , the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding was  $108 million , with a weighted-average remaining term of  4.8  years. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercisable at that same date was  $93 million , with a weighted-average remaining term of  3.3  years.   The following table summarizes stock option activity during the years ended December 31. (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Total intrinsic value of options exercised   $ 41       $ 36       $ 25   Cash received from options exercised   68       68       39   Tax benefit realized as a result of options exercised and   restricted stock releases   45       25       17   The value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair market value of our common stock at the date of grant. The following table summarizes restricted stock activity during the years ended December 31.   154 (In thousands of shares) Shares   Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per  Share Restricted stock at December 31, 2013   1,671       $ 52.12   Granted in 2014   584       62.12   Canceled in 2014   (27 )       52.66   Vested in 2014   (348 )       56.95   Restricted stock at December 31, 2014   1,880       54.33   Granted in 2015   638       61.51   Canceled in 2015   (145 )       57.52   Vested in 2015   (558 )       48.41   Restricted stock at December 31, 2015   1,815       58.42   Granted in 2016   878       61.68   Canceled in 2016   (76 )       60.65   Vested in 2016   (749 )       53.68   Restricted stock at December 31, 2016   1,868       $ 61.76   As of  December 31, 2016 , total compensation cost not yet recognized in our financial statements related to restricted stock awards was  $33 million , of which  $10 million  ( 953 thousand  shares) was related to restricted stock awards with a performance-based vesting condition. We expect to recognize these amounts over a weighted-average period of approximately  1.0  years. There are no other contractual terms covering restricted stock awards once vested. 13. STATUTORY ACCOUNTING AND DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS Our insurance subsidiaries are required to report their results of operations and financial position to state insurance regulatory authorities on the basis of statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by such authorities. Statutory accounting practices primarily differ from U.S. GAAP by charging policy acquisition costs to expense as incurred, establishing future policy benefit liabilities using different actuarial assumptions as well as valuing investments and certain assets and accounting for deferred taxes on a different basis.  Aflac, the Company's most significant insurance subsidiary, reports statutory financial statements that are prepared on the basis of accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the Nebraska Department of Insurance (NDOI). The NDOI recognizes statutory accounting principles and practices prescribed or permitted by the state of Nebraska for determining and reporting the financial condition and results of operations of an insurance company, and for determining a company's solvency under Nebraska insurance law. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners' (NAIC)  Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual  (SAP) has been adopted by the state of Nebraska as a component of those prescribed or permitted practices. Additionally, the Director of the NDOI has the right to permit other specific practices which deviate from prescribed practices. Aflac has been given explicit permission by the Director of the NDOI for two such permitted practices. These permitted practices, which do not impact the calculation of net income on a statutory basis or prevent the triggering of a regulatory event in the Company's risk-based capital calculation, are as follows:  • Aflac has reported as admitted assets the refundable lease deposits on the leases of commercial office space which house Aflac Japan's sales operations. These lease deposits are unique and part of the ordinary course of doing business in the country of Japan; these assets would be non-admitted under SAP. • Aflac entered into a reinsurance agreement effective March 31, 2015 with a then unauthorized reinsurer. The effective date of this agreement predated the effective date of Nebraska's Amended Credit for Reinsurance statute (44-416) allowing certified reinsurers and also predated the subsequent approval of the agreement's assuming reinsurer as a Certified Reinsurer, which occurred on August 30, 2015 and December 24, 2015, respectively. Aflac has obtained a permitted practice to recognize this treaty and counterparty as Certified Reinsurer for the purpose of determining the collateral required to receive reinsurance reserve credit. 155 A reconciliation of Aflac's capital and surplus between SAP and practices permitted by the state of Nebraska is shown below: (In millions) 2016   2015 Capital and surplus, Nebraska state basis   $ 11,221       $ 11,298   State Permitted Practice:               Refundable lease deposits – Japan   (40 )       (38 )   Reinsurance - Japan   (764 )       (707 )   Capital and surplus, NAIC basis   $ 10,417       $ 10,553   As of  December 31, 2016 , Aflac's capital and surplus significantly exceeded the required company action level capital and surplus of  $1.3 billion . As determined on a U.S. statutory accounting basis, Aflac's net income was  $2.8 billion  in  2016 ,  $2.3 billion  in   2015  and  $2.4 billion  in  2014 . Aflac Japan must report its results of operations and financial position to the Japanese Financial Services Agency (FSA) on a Japanese regulatory accounting basis as prescribed by the FSA. Capital and surplus of the Japan branch, based on Japanese regulatory accounting practices, was  $5.6 billion  at  December 31, 2016 , compared with  $4.7 billion  at  December 31, 2015 . Japanese regulatory accounting practices differ in many respects from U.S. GAAP. Under Japanese regulatory accounting practices, policy acquisition costs are expensed immediately; policy benefit and claim reserving methods and assumptions are different; premium income is recognized on a cash basis; different consolidation criteria apply to VIEs; reinsurance is recognized on a different basis; and investments can have a separate accounting classification and treatment referred to as policy reserve matching bonds (PRM).  The Parent Company depends on its subsidiaries for cash flow, primarily in the form of dividends and management fees. Consolidated retained earnings in the accompanying financial statements largely represent the undistributed earnings of our insurance subsidiary. Amounts available for dividends, management fees and other payments to the Parent Company by its insurance subsidiary may fluctuate due to different accounting methods required by regulatory authorities. These payments are also subject to various regulatory restrictions and approvals related to safeguarding the interests of insurance policyholders. Our insurance subsidiary must maintain adequate risk-based capital for U.S. regulatory authorities and our Japan branch must maintain adequate solvency margins for Japanese regulatory authorities. Additionally, the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid to the Parent Company by Aflac without prior approval of Nebraska's director of insurance is the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or  10%  of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. Dividends declared by Aflac during  2017  in excess of  $2.8 billion  would require such approval. Aflac declared dividends of  $2.0 billion  during  2016 . A portion of Aflac Japan earnings, as determined on a Japanese regulatory accounting basis, can be repatriated each year to Aflac U.S. after complying with solvency margin provisions and satisfying various conditions imposed by Japanese regulatory authorities for protecting policyholders. Profit repatriations to the United States can fluctuate due to changes in the amounts of Japanese regulatory earnings. Among other items, factors affecting regulatory earnings include Japanese regulatory accounting practices and fluctuations in currency translation of Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated investments and related investment income into yen. Profits repatriated by Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S. were as follows for the years ended December 31:     In Dollars   In Yen (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 Profit repatriation   $ 1,286       $ 2,139       $ 1,704       138.5       259.0       181.4   We entered into foreign exchange forwards and options as part of an economic hedge on foreign exchange risk on  114.0 billion  yen of profit repatriation received in  2016 , resulting in  $64 million  less funds received when the yen were exchanged into dollars. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had foreign exchange forwards and options as part of a hedging strategy on  122.6 billion  yen of future profit repatriation. 14. BENEFIT PLANS Pension and Other Postretirement Plans  We have funded defined benefit plans in Japan and the United States, however the U.S. plan was frozen to new participants effective October 1, 2013. We also maintain non-qualified, unfunded supplemental retirement plans that  156 provide defined pension benefits in excess of limits imposed by federal tax law for certain Japanese, U.S. and former employees, however the U.S. plan was frozen to new participants effective January 1, 2015. U.S. employees who are not participants in the defined benefit plan receive a nonelective 401(k) employer contribution. We provide certain health care benefits for eligible U.S. retired employees, their beneficiaries and covered dependents ("other postretirement benefits"). The health care plan is contributory and unfunded. On October 1, 2013, a change was made to postretirement medical benefits to limit the eligibility for the benefits beginning January 1, 2014 to include the following: (1) active employees whose age plus service, in years, equaled or exceeded  80  (rule of  80 ); (2) active employees who were age  55  or older and had met the  15  years of service requirement; (3) active employees who would meet the rule of  80  in the next  five years ; (4) active employees who were age  55  or older and who would meet the  15  years of service requirement within the next  five years ; and (5) current retirees. Effective October 1, 2013, this change was accounted for as a negative plan amendment and resulted in a reduction to the postretirement benefit obligation of approximately  $51 million , with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). Starting in the fourth quarter of 2013, this reduction is being amortized as a reduction to net periodic benefit cost over  three  years. The postretirement plan obligation was remeasured using a discount rate of  4.75%  as of October 1, 2013. For certain employees and former employees, additional coverage is provided for all medical expenses for life. Information with respect to our benefit plans' assets and obligations as of December 31 was as follows:     Pension Benefits   Other     Japan   U.S.   Postretirement Benefits (In millions)   2016 2015   2016 2015   2016 2015 Projected benefit obligation:                                                 Benefit obligation, beginning of year     $ 276     $ 267       $ 735     $ 717       $ 40     $ 44         Service cost     16     15       23     23       1     1         Interest cost     9     1       29     18       2     2         Actuarial (gain) loss     29     0       29     (6 )       (4 )     (5 )         Benefits and expenses paid     (8 )     (7 )       (18 )     (17 )       (2 )     (2 )         Effect of foreign exchange          rate changes     7     0       0     0       0     0                  Benefit obligation, end of year     329     276       798     735       37     40                                               Plan assets:                                                 Fair value of plan assets,          beginning of year     198     183       336     341       0     0         Actual return on plan assets     9     1       24     (6 )       0     0         Employer contributions     25     21       17     18       2     2         Benefits and expenses paid     (8 )     (7 )       (18 )     (17 )       (2 )     (2 )         Effect of foreign exchange          rate changes     5     0       0     0       0     0                  Fair value of plan assets, end of year     229     198       359     336       0     0   Funded status of the plans (1)     $ (100 )     $ (78 )       $ (439 )     $ (399 )       $ (37 )     $ (40 )                                               Amounts recognized in accumulated other     comprehensive income:                                                 Net actuarial (gain) loss     $ 67     $ 42       $ 189     $ 175       $ 7     $ 12         Prior service (credit) cost     (2 )     (2 )       (4 )     (4 )       0     (11 )                  Total included in accumulated                    other comprehensive income     $ 65     $ 40       $ 185     $ 171       $ 7     $ 1   Accumulated benefit obligation     $ 288     $ 244       $ 670     $ 621         N/A (2)     N/A (2)   (1)  Recognized in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets (2)   Not applicable 157   Pension Benefits   Other   Japan     U.S.     Postretirement Benefits   2016   2015   2014     2016   2015   2014     2016   2015   2014   Weighted-average actuarial assumptions:                                                    Discount rate - net periodic benefit cost 1.75 %   1.75 %   2.25 %     4.50 %   4.50 %   4.75 %     4.50 %   4.50 %   4.75 %   Discount rate - benefit obligations 1.25   1.75   1.75     4.25   4.50   4.50      4.25   4.50   4.50    Expected long-term return on plan assets 2.00   2.00   2.00     7.00   7.25   7.50     N/A (1)   N/A (1)   N/A (1)   Rate of compensation increase N/A (1)   N/A (1)   N/A (1)     4.00   4.00   4.00     N/A (1)   N/A (1)   N/A (1)   Health care cost trend rates N/A (1)   N/A (1)   N/A (1)     N/A (1)   N/A (1)   N/A (1)      5.20 (2)   5.30 (2)   5.70 (2)                   (1)  Not applicable (2) For the years  2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , the health care cost trend rates are expected to trend down to  4.5%  in  74 years ,  4.5%  in  78 years , and  4.6%  in  78 years , respectively.      We determine our discount rate assumption for our pension retirement obligations based on indices for AA corporate bonds with an average duration of approximately  20 years  for the Japan pension plans and  17 years  for the U.S. pension plans, and determination of the U.S. pension plans discount rate utilizes the  85 -year extrapolated yield curve. In Japan, participant salary and future salary increases are not factors in determining pension benefit cost or the related pension benefit obligation. We base our assumption for the long-term rate of return on assets on historical trends ( 10 -year or longer historical rates of return for the Japanese plan assets and  15 -year historical rates of return for the U.S. plan assets), expected future market movement, as well as the portfolio mix of securities in the asset portfolio including, but not limited to, style, class and equity and fixed income allocations. In addition, our consulting actuaries evaluate our assumptions for long-term rates of return under Actuarial Standards of Practice (ASOP). Under the ASOP, the actual portfolio type, mix and class is modeled to determine a best estimate of the long-term rate of return. We in turn use those results to further validate our own assumptions. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plan. A one-percentage point increase and decrease in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects as of  December 31, 2016 : (In millions)         One percentage point increase:         Increase in total service and interest costs     $ 0   Increase in postretirement benefit obligation     2             One percentage point decrease:         Decrease in total service and interest costs     $ 0   Decrease in postretirement benefit obligation     2   Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost Pension and other postretirement benefit expenses, included in acquisition and operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended December 31, included the following components: 158     Pension Benefits   Other       Japan     U.S.   Postretirement Benefits (In millions)   2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 Service cost     $ 16       $ 15       $ 15       $ 23       $ 23       $ 20       $ 1       $ 1       $ 1   Interest cost     9       1       9       29       18       38       2       2       2   Expected return on plan    assets     (4 )       (4 )       (4 )       (23 )       (22 )       (20 )       0       0       0   Amortization of net actuarial    loss     1       1       1       13       14       11       1       2       3   Amortization of prior service   cost (credit)     0       0       0       0       0       0       (11 )       (17 )       (17 )   Net periodic (benefit) cost     $ 22       $ 13       $ 21       $ 42       $ 33       $ 49       $ (7 )       $ (12 )       $ (11 )   Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The following table summarizes the amounts recognized in other comprehensive loss (income) for the years ended December 31:     Pension Benefits   Other     Japan   U.S.   Postretirement Benefits (In millions)   2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014   2016   2015   2014 Net actuarial loss (gain)     $ 26       $ 3       $ 12       $ 27       $ 22       $ 67       $ (4 )       $ (5 )       $ (3 )   Amortization of net actuarial loss     (1 )       (1 )       (1 )       (13 )       (14 )       (11 )       (1 )       (2 )       (3 )   Amortization of prior    service cost      0       0       0       0       0       0       11       17       17        Total     $ 25       $ 2       $ 11       $ 14       $ 8       $ 56       $ 6       $ 10       $ 11   Prior service credits of  $51 million  were incurred in 2013 for the plan amendment related to the change in eligibility for postretirement medical benefits, all of which had been amortized as of December 31, 2016.  No  transition obligations arose during  2016 , and the transition obligations amortized to expense were immaterial for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 . Amortization of actuarial losses to expense in  2017  is estimated to be  $2 million  for the Japanese plans,  $14 million  for the U.S. plans and  $1 million  for the other postretirement benefits plan. Amortization of prior service costs and credits and transition obligations for all plans is expected to be negligible in  2017 .  Benefit Payments The following table provides expected benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate.     Pension Benefits   Other (In millions)   Japan U.S.   Postretirement Benefits 2017     $ 13     $ 22       $ 2   2018     8     23       2   2019     9     24       3   2020     10     25       3   2021     10     27       3   2022-2026     74     180       18   Funding We plan to make contributions of  $21 million  to the Japanese funded defined benefit plan and  $10 million  to the U.S. funded defined benefit plan in  2017 . The funding policy for our non-qualified supplemental defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits plan is to contribute the amount of the benefit payments made during the year. 159 Plan Assets The investment objective of our Japanese and U.S. funded defined benefit plans is to preserve the purchasing power of the plan's assets and earn a reasonable inflation-adjusted rate of return over the long term. Furthermore, we seek to accomplish these objectives in a manner that allows for the adequate funding of plan benefits and expenses. In order to achieve these objectives, our goal is to maintain a conservative, well-diversified and balanced portfolio of high-quality equity, fixed-income and money market securities. As a part of our strategy, we have established strict policies covering quality, type and concentration of investment securities. For our Japanese plan, these policies include limitations on investments in derivatives including futures, options and swaps, and low-liquidity investments such as real estate, venture capital investments, and privately issued securities. For our U.S. plan, these policies prohibit investments in precious metals, limited partnerships, venture capital, and direct investments in real estate. We are also prohibited from trading on margin.  The plan fiduciaries for our funded defined benefit plans have developed guidelines for asset allocations reflecting a percentage of total assets by asset class, which are reviewed on an annual basis. Asset allocation targets as of  December 31, 2016  were as follows:     Japan Pension   U.S. Pension Domestic equities     11 %       40 %   International equities     15       20   Fixed income securities     59       40   Other     15       0        Total     100 %       100 %   The following table presents the fair value of Aflac Japan's pension plan assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31. All of these assets are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, except cash and cash equivalents which are classified as Level 1. (In millions) 2016   2015 Japan pension plan assets:                    Equities:                       Japanese equity securities   $ 28       $ 22           International equity securities   40       33        Fixed income securities:                       Japanese bonds   79       71           International bonds   55       48        Insurance contracts   27       23        Cash and cash equivalents   0       1           Total   $ 229       $ 198       The following table presents the fair value of Aflac U.S.'s pension plan assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31.  All of these assets are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 160 (In millions) 2016   2015 U.S. pension plan assets:                    Mutual funds:                       Large cap equity funds   $ 104       $ 94           Mid cap equity funds   19       16           Real estate equity funds   10       10           International equity funds   85       77           Fixed income bond funds   136       134        Aflac Incorporated common stock   4       4        Cash and cash equivalents   1       1           Total   $ 359       $ 336   The fair values of our pension plan investments categorized as Level 1, consisting of mutual funds and common stock, are based on quoted market prices for identical securities traded in active markets that are readily and regularly available to us. The fair values of our pension plan investments classified as Level 2 are based on quoted prices for similar assets in markets that are not active, other inputs that are observable, such as interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, loss severities, credit risks, and default rates, or other market-corroborated inputs. 401(k) Plan The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan in which we match a portion of U.S. employees' contributions. The plan provides for salary reduction contributions by employees and, in  2016 ,  2015 , and  2014 , provided matching contributions by the Company of  50%  of each employee's contributions which were not in excess of  6%  of the employee's annual cash compensation.  On January 1, 2014, the Company began providing a nonelective contribution to the 401(k) plan of  2%  of annual cash compensation for employees who elected to opt out of the future benefits of the U.S. defined benefit plan during the election period provided during the fourth quarter of 2013 and for new U.S. employees who started working for the Company after September 30, 2013.  The 401(k) contributions by the Company, included in acquisition and operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings, were  $11 million  in  2016 ,  $9 million  in  2015  and  $7 million  in  2014 . The plan trustee held approximately  one million  shares of our common stock for plan participants at  December 31, 2016 . Stock Bonus Plan Aflac U.S. maintains a stock bonus plan for eligible U.S. sales associates. Plan participants receive shares of Aflac Incorporated common stock based on their new annualized premium sales and their first-year persistency of substantially all new insurance policies. The cost of this plan, which was capitalized as deferred policy acquisition costs, amounted to  $31 million  in  2016 , compared with  $34 million  in  2015  and  $36 million  in  2014 . 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES We have  two  outsourcing agreements with a technology and consulting corporation. The first agreement provides mainframe computer operations, distributed mid-range server computer operations, and related support for Aflac Japan. It has a remaining term of  four  years and an aggregate remaining cost of  36.7 billion  yen ( $315 million  using the  December 31, 2016 , exchange rate). The second agreement provides application maintenance and development services for Aflac Japan. It has a remaining term of  five  years and an aggregate remaining cost of  11.9 billion  yen ( $102 million  using the  December 31, 2016 , exchange rate). We have an outsourcing agreement with a management consulting and technology services company to provide application maintenance and development services for our Japanese operation. The agreement has a remaining term of  five  years with an aggregate remaining cost of  15.4 billion  yen ( $132 million  using the  December 31, 2016 , exchange rate).  161 We have  two  outsourcing agreements with information technology and data services companies to provide application maintenance and development services for our Japanese operation. The first agreement has a remaining term of  three  years with an aggregate remaining cost of  6.1 billion  yen ( $53 million  using the  December 31, 2016 , exchange rate). The second agreement has a remaining term of  one  year with an aggregate remaining cost of  740 million  yen ( $6 million  using the  December 31, 2016 , exchange rate). As of  December 31, 2016 , we have commitments of  $779 million  to fund potential future loan originations related to our investment in middle market loans. These commitments are contingent upon the availability of middle market loans that meet our underwriting criteria. In addition, we had commitments of  $19 million  to fund potential future loan originations related to our investment in commercial mortgage loans. These commitments are contingent on the final underwriting and due diligence to be performed and may or may not be funded. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on these investment programs. We lease office space and equipment under agreements that  expire in various years through 2026 . Future minimum lease payments due under non-cancelable operating leases at  December 31, 2016 , were as follows: (In millions)   2017 $ 62 2018 41 2019 18 2020 13 2021 11 Thereafter 0    Total future minimum lease payments $ 145 We are a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. Members of our senior legal and financial management teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. The final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. Although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages,  bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, we believe the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 16. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA In management's opinion, the following quarterly financial information fairly presents the results of operations for such periods and is prepared on a basis consistent with our annual audited financial statements.   162 (In millions, except for per-share amounts) March 31,  2016   June 30,  2016   September 30,  2016   December 31,  2016 Net premium income   $ 4,602       $ 4,823       $ 5,022       $ 4,778   Net investment income   801       822       842       813   Realized investment gains (losses)   73       (187 )       (146 )       137   Other income (loss)   (25 )       (21 )       (2 )       227   Total revenues   5,451       5,437       5,716       5,955   Total benefits and expenses   4,334       4,603       4,753       4,802   Earnings before income taxes   1,117       834       963       1,153   Total income tax   386       286       334       402   Net earnings   $ 731       $ 548       $ 629       $ 751   Net earnings per basic share   $ 1.75       $ 1.33       $ 1.54       $ 1.85   Net earnings per diluted share   1.74       1.32       1.53       1.84   Quarterly amounts may not agree in total to the corresponding annual amounts due to rounding.                                 (In millions, except for per-share amounts) March 31,  2015   June 30,  2015   September 30,  2015   December 31,  2015 Net premium income   $ 4,432       $ 4,364       $ 4,380       $ 4,394   Net investment income   782       777       784       792   Realized investment gains (losses)   13       127       (114 )       114   Other income (loss)   (1 )       19       (10 )       19   Total revenues   5,226       5,287       5,040       5,319   Total benefits and expenses   4,213       4,413       4,176       4,209   Earnings before income taxes   1,013       874       864       1,110   Total income tax   350       301       297       380   Net earnings   $ 663       $ 573       $ 567       $ 730   Net earnings per basic share   $ 1.52       $ 1.33       $ 1.32       $ 1.72   Net earnings per diluted share   1.51       1.32       1.32       1.71   Quarterly amounts may not agree in total to the corresponding annual amounts due to rounding. 17. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In January 2017, the Parent Company issued  60.0 billion  yen of senior notes through a U.S. public debt offering. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate of  .932%  per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a  10 -year maturity. These notes may only be redeemed before maturity, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting U.S. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance. 163 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL  DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in, or disagreements with, accountants on accounting and financial disclosure matters during the years ended  December 31, 2016  and  2015 . ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company's management, with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report (the “Evaluation Date”). Based on such evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting        (a)    Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is incorporated herein by reference from Part II, Item 8 of this report.        (b)    Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm The Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Company's internal control over financial reporting is incorporated herein by reference from Part II, Item 8 of this report.        (c)    Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter of  2016  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable.  164 PART III Pursuant to General Instruction G to Form 10-K, Items 10 through 14 are incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive Notice and Proxy Statement relating to the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about March 17, 2017, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee Report and Compensation Committee Report to be included in such proxy statement shall be deemed to be furnished in this report and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 as a result of such furnishing in Items 10 and 11, respectively.     Refer to the Information Contained in the Proxy Statement under Captions (filed electronically)       ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Executive Officers - see Part I, Item 1 herein 1. Election of Directors; Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance; Audit and Risk Committee; Audit and Risk Committee Report; Director Nominating Process; and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Director Compensation; Compensation Committee; Compensation Committee Report; Compensation Discussion and Analysis; 2016 Summary Compensation Table; 2016 Grants of Plan-Based Awards; 2016 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End; 2016 Option Exercises and Stock Vested; Pension Benefits; Nonqualified Deferred Compensation; Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-In-Control; and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Principal Shareholders; Election of Directors (Proposal 1); Security Ownership of Management; and Equity Compensation Plan Information ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Person Transactions; and Director Independence ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Proposal 3); and Audit and Risk Committee 165 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page(s)               Included in Part II, Item 8, of this report:              Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries:                     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 78            Consolidated Statements of Earnings for each of the years in the three-            year period ended December 31, 2016 80            Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the             years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016 81                   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 82            Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for each of the years            in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016 84            Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the             three-year period ended December 31, 2016 85                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 86                   Unaudited Consolidated Quarterly Financial Data 162             2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                 Included in Part IV of this report:            Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedules 171                 Schedule II  - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016 172                 Schedule III - Supplementary Insurance Information as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016 178                 Schedule IV - Reinsurance for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016 179             3. EXHIBIT INDEX                 An “Exhibit Index” has been filed as part of this Report beginning on the following page and is incorporated herein by this reference.   Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required, are not material, are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this annual report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; • have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.   166 (b) EXHIBIT INDEX (1)   3.0 -      Articles of Incorporation, as amended – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for June 30, 2008, Exhibit 3.0 (File No. 001-07434).   3.1 -      Bylaws of the Corporation, as amended and restated – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated November 10, 2015, Exhibit 3.1 ( File No. 001-07434)   4.0 -      There are no instruments with respect to long-term debt not being registered in which the total amount of securities authorized exceeds 10% of the total assets of Aflac Incorporated and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. We agree to furnish a copy of any long-term debt instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.   4.1 -      Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2009, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated May 21, 2009, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   4.2 -      Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2009, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 6.900% Senior Note due 2039) – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated December 14, 2009, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   4.3 -      Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2010, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 6.45% Senior Note due 2040) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated August 4, 2010, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   4.4 -   Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2012, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 2.65% Senior Note due 2017) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated February 8, 2012, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   4.5 -   Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2012, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 4.00% Senior Note due 2022) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated February 8, 2012, Exhibit 4.2 (File No. 001-07434).   4.6 -   Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 31, 2012, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 2.65% Senior Note due 2017) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated July 27, 2012, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   4.7 -   Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 10, 2013, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 3.625% Senior Note due 2023) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated June 10, 2013, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   4.8 -   Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 7, 2014, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 3.625% Senior Note due 2024) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated November 4, 2014, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).     4.9 -   Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2015, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 2.40% Senior Note due 2020) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated March 9, 2015, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).     4.10 -   Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2015, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 3.25% Senior Note due 2025) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated March 9, 2015, Exhibit 4.2 (File No. 001-07434).     4.11 -   Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 2.875% Senior Note due 2026) - incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated September 19, 2016, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).     4.12 -   Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 4.000% Senior Note due 2046) – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated September 19, 2016, Exhibit 4.2 (File No. 001-07434).     4.13 -   Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 25, 2017, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of .932% Senior Note due 2027) – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated January 25, 2017, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   167   4.14 -   Subordinated Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2012, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated September 26, 2012, Exhibit 4.1 (File No. 001-07434).   4.15 -   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2012, between Aflac Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (including the form of 5.50% Subordinated Debenture due 2052) – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated September 26, 2012, Exhibit 4.2 (File No. 001-07434).   10.0* -      American Family Corporation Retirement Plan for Senior Officers, as amended and restated October 1, 1989 – incorporated by reference from 1993 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.2 (File No. 001-07434).   10.1* -      Amendment to American Family Corporation Retirement Plan for Senior Officers, dated December 8, 2008 – incorporated by reference from 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.1 (File No. 001-07434).   10.2* -   Second Amendment to the American Family Corporation Retirement Plan for Senior Officers, dated November 16, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2016, Exhibit 10.2 (File No. 001-07434).   10.3* -   Third Amendment to the American Family Corporation Retirement Plan for Senior Officers, dated October 18, 2016 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2016, Exhibit 10.3 (File No. 001-07434).   10.4* -      Aflac Incorporated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2009 – incorporated by reference from 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.5 (File No. 001-07434).   10.5* -   First Amendment to the Aflac Incorporated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2009 – incorporated by reference from 2012 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.3 (File No. 001-07434).   10.6* -   Second Amendment to the Aflac Incorporated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2009 – incorporated by reference from 2014 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.4 (File No. 001-07434).   10.7* -      Aflac Incorporated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective September 1, 2015 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2015, Exhibit 10.5 (File No. 001-07434).   10.8* -   First Amendment to the Aflac Incorporated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective September 1, 2015 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2016, Exhibit 10.8 (File No. 001-07434).   10.9* -   Aflac Incorporated 2013 Management Incentive Plan – incorporated by reference from the 2012 Proxy Statement, Appendix B (File No. 001-07434).   10.10* -   1999 Aflac Associate Stock Bonus Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2013 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2013, Exhibit 10.10 (File No. 001-07434).   10.11* -      Aflac Incorporated 1997 Stock Option Plan – incorporated by reference from the 1997 Shareholders’ Proxy Statement, Appendix B (File No. 001-07434).   10.12* -      Form of Officer Stock Option Agreement (Non-Qualifying Stock Option) under the Aflac Incorporated 1997 Stock Option Plan – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated January 28, 2005, Exhibit 10.5 (File No. 001-07434).   10.13* -      Form of Officer Stock Option Agreement (Incentive Stock Option) under the Aflac Incorporated 1997 Stock Option Plan – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated January 28, 2005, Exhibit 10.6 (File No. 001-07434).   10.14* -      Notice of grant of stock options and stock option agreement to officers under the Aflac Incorporated 1997 Stock Option Plan – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated January 28, 2005, Exhibit 10.7 (File No. 001-07434).   10.15* -      2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from the 2012 Proxy Statement, Appendix A (File No. 001-07434).   10.16* -   Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement (NQSO) under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.13 (File No. 001-07434).   10.17* -   Notice of grant of stock options to non-employee director under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.14 (File No. 001-07434).   10.18* -   Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.15 (File No. 001-07434). 168   10.19* -   Notice of restricted stock award to non-employee director under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.16 (File No. 001-07434).   10.20* -   U.S. Form of Employee Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.17 (File No. 001-07434).   10.21* -   Japan Form of Employee Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.18 (File No. 001-07434).   10.22* -   Notice of time based restricted stock award under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for June 30, 2013, Exhibit 10.22 (File No. 001-07434).   10.23* -   Notice of performance based restricted stock award under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.20 (File No. 001-07434).   10.24* -   U.S. Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement (Non-Qualifying Stock Option) under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.21 (File No. 001-07434).   10.25* -   Japan Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement (Non-Qualifying Stock Option) under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.22 (File No. 001-07434).   10.26* -   U.S. Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement (Incentive Stock Option) under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.23 (File No. 001-07434).   10.27* -   U.S. Notice of grant of stock options under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for June 30, 2013, Exhibit 10.28 (File No. 001-07434).   10.28* -   Japan Notice of grant of stock options under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for June 30, 2013, Exhibit 10.29 (File No. 001-07434).   10.29* -   Japan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 14, 2012 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for March 31, 2016, Exhibit 10.26 (File No. 001-07434).   10.30* -   Aflac Incorporated Retirement Plan for Directors Emeritus, as amended and restated, dated February 9, 2010 – incorporated by reference from 2009 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.26 (File No. 001-07434).   10.31* -   Amendment to Aflac Incorporated Retirement Plan for Directors Emeritus, as amended and restated, dated August 10, 2010 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2010, Exhibit 10.27 (File No. 001-07434).   10.32* -   Aflac Incorporated Employment Agreement with Daniel P. Amos, as amended and restated, dated August 20, 2015 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2015, Exhibit 10.29 (File No. 001-07434).   10.33* -   Aflac Incorporated Employment Agreement with Kriss Cloninger III, as amended and restated, dated August 20, 2015 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2015, Exhibit 10.30 (File No. 001-07434).   10.34* -   Aflac Employment Agreement with Paul S. Amos II, as amended and restated, dated August 19, 2015 – incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for September 30, 2015, Exhibit 10.31 (File No. 001-07434).   10.35* -   Aflac Employment Agreement with Eric M. Kirsch, as amended and restated, dated December 1, 2015 – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated December 1, 2015, Exhibit 10.1 (File No. 001-07434).   10.36* -   Aflac Incorporated Employment Agreement with Frederick J. Crawford, effective June 30, 2015 – incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated June 24, 2015, Exhibit 10.1 (File No. 001-07434).   11 -   Statement regarding the computation of per-share earnings for the Registrant.   12 -   Statement regarding the computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the Registrant.   21 -   Subsidiaries.   23 -   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, to Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-158969 with respect to the Aflac Incorporated 401(k) Savings and Profit Sharing Plan. 169     -   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm KPMG LLP, to Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-27883 with respect to the Aflac Incorporated 1997 Stock Option Plan.     -   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, to Form S-8 Registration Statement Nos. 333-135327, 333-161269, and 333-202781 with respect to the Aflac Incorporated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.     -   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, to Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-200570 with respect to the Aflac Incorporated Market Director Deferred Compensation Plan.     -   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, to Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-115105 with respect to the 2004 Aflac Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan.     -   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, to Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 333-197984 with respect to the AFL Stock Plan.     -   Consent of independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, to Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 333-203839 with respect to the Aflac Incorporated shelf registration statement.   31.1 -   Certification of CEO dated February 24, 2017, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   31.2 -   Certification of CFO dated February 24, 2017, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   32 -   Certification of CEO and CFO dated February 24, 2017, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   101.INS -   XBRL Instance Document. (2)   101.SCH -   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.   101.CAL -   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.   101.DEF -   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.   101.LAB -   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.   101.PRE -   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.           (1)   Copies of any exhibit are available upon request by calling our Investor Relations Department at 800.235.2667 - option 3 (2)   Includes the following materials contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, (vii) Financial Statement Schedules. * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of this report. 170 (c) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders Aflac Incorporated: Under date of  February 24, 2017 , we reported on the consolidated balance sheets of Aflac Incorporated and subsidiaries (the Company) as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2016 , which are included herein. In connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements, we also audited the related consolidated financial statement schedules as listed in Item 15. These financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statement schedules based on our audits. In our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. /s/ KPMG LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 24, 2017   171 SCHEDULE II CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only) Condensed Statements of Earnings   Years ended December 31, (In millions) 2016      2015      2014 Revenues:                                Dividends from subsidiaries (1)   $ 2,020          $ 2,393          $ 1,483      Management and service fees from subsidiaries (1)   265          260          272      Net investment income   18          22          13      Interest from subsidiaries (1)   5          6          6      Realized investment gains (losses)   84          86          45      Change in fair value of the cross-currency interest rate swaps   (159 )          (53 )          314      Other income (loss)   0          0          (11 )        Total revenues   2,233          2,714          2,122   Operating expenses:                                Interest expense   213          231          243      Other operating expenses   277 (2)          321 (2)          88        Total operating expenses   490          552          331      Earnings before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of       subsidiaries   1,743          2,162          1,791   Income tax expense (benefit):                                Current   3          2          1      Deferred   (105 )          (82 )          120        Total income taxes   (102 )          (80 )          121      Earnings before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries   1,845          2,242          1,670   Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries (1)   814          291          1,281        Net earnings   $ 2,659          $ 2,533          $ 2,951   (1) Eliminated in consolidation (2) Includes expense of  $137  in 2016 and  $230  in 2015 for the payments associated with the early extinguishment of debt  See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.   172 SCHEDULE II CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only) Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)    Years ended December 31, (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Net earnings   $ 2,659       $ 2,533       $ 2,951   Other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes:                       Foreign currency translation adjustments:                       Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses)     during period - parent only   0       3       39   Equity in unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) of     subsidiaries during period   283       357       (1,494 )   Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities:                       Unrealized holding gains (losses) on investment securities     during period - parent only   2       (8 )       9   Equity in unrealized holding gains (losses) on investment securities     held by subsidiaries during period   2,850       (2,526 )       5,938   Equity in reclassification adjustment for realized (gains) losses of     subsidiaries included in net earnings   (53 )       (61 )       (54 )   Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period   3       0       (17 )   Pension liability adjustment during period   (45 )       (20 )       (76 )   Total other comprehensive income (loss) before     income taxes   3,040       (2,255 )       4,345   Income tax expense (benefit) related to items of other comprehensive     income (loss)   1,035       (901 )       1,803   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes   2,005       (1,354 )       2,542   Total comprehensive income (loss)   $ 4,664       $ 1,179       $ 5,493   See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 173 SCHEDULE II CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only) Condensed Balance Sheets    December 31, (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts) 2016   2015 Assets:               Investments and cash:               Fixed maturity securities available for sale, at fair value    (amortized cost $483 in 2016 and $481 in 2015)   $ 496       $ 493   Investments in subsidiaries (1)   23,353       20,500   Other investments   3       9   Cash and cash equivalents   2,037       1,721   Total investments and cash   25,889       22,723   Due from subsidiaries (1)   75       113   Income taxes receivable   103       0   Other assets   497       542   Total assets   $ 26,564       $ 23,378                   Liabilities and shareholders' equity:               Liabilities:               Income taxes   $ 0       $ 8   Employee benefit plans   293       274   Notes payable   5,339       4,968   Other liabilities   450       420   Total liabilities   6,082       5,670   Shareholders' equity:               Common stock of $.10 par value. In thousands: authorized 1,900,000 shares in   2016 and 2015; issued 671,249 shares in 2016 and 669,723 shares in 2015    67       67   Additional paid-in capital   1,976       1,828   Retained earnings   25,981       24,007   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):               Unrealized foreign currency translation gains   (1,983 )       (2,196 )   Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities   4,805       2,986   Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives   (24 )       (26 )   Pension liability adjustment   (168 )       (139 )   Treasury stock, at average cost   (10,172 )       (8,819 )   Total shareholders' equity   20,482       17,708   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity   $ 26,564       $ 23,378   (1) Eliminated in consolidation Prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs. See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 174 SCHEDULE II CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows    Years ended December 31, (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Cash flows from operating activities:                       Net earnings   $ 2,659       $ 2,533       $ 2,951   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided from    operating activities:                                     Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries (1)   (814 )       (291 )       (1,281 )    Change in income tax liabilities   (112 )       6       115    Other, net   406 (2)       149 (2)       (72 )   Net cash provided (used) by operating activities   2,139       2,397       1,713   Cash flows from investing activities:                       Fixed maturity securities sold   225       121       38   Fixed maturity securities purchased   (229 )       (202 )       (105 )   Other investments sold (purchased)   6       14       291   Settlement of derivatives   0       147       (1 )   Additional capitalization of subsidiaries (1)   (36 )       (43 )       0   Other, net   (25 )       0       0   Net cash provided (used) by investing activities   (59 )       37       223   Cash flows from financing activities:                       Purchases of treasury stock   (1,422 )       (1,315 )       (1,210 )   Proceeds from borrowings   986       998       750   Principal payments under debt obligations   (621 )       (1,272 )       (335 )   Dividends paid to shareholders   (658 )       (656 )       (654 )   Treasury stock reissued   46       36       33   Proceeds from exercise of stock options   36       47       23          Net change in amount due to/from subsidiaries (1)   (6 )       43       14   Other, net   (125 ) (2)       (232 ) (2)       0   Net cash provided (used) by financing activities   (1,764 )       (2,351 )       (1,379 )   Net change in cash and cash equivalents   316       83       557   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period   1,721       1,638       1,081   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period   $ 2,037       $ 1,721       $ 1,638   (1) Eliminated in consolidation (2) Operating activities excludes and financing activities includes a cash outflow of  $137  in 2016 and  $230  in 2015 for the payments associated with the early extinguishment of debt  See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 175 SCHEDULE II CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements The accompanying condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. (A) Notes Payable A summary of notes payable as of December 31 follows: (In millions) 2016   2015 2.65% senior notes due February 2017   $ 649        $ 651   2.40% senior notes due March 2020   547       546   4.00% senior notes due February 2022   348       348   3.625% senior notes due June 2023   696       696   3.625% senior notes due November 2024   745       744   3.25% senior notes due March 2025   445       445   2.875% senior notes due October 2026   298       0   6.90% senior notes due December 2039   220       393   6.45% senior notes due August 2040   254       445   4.00% senior notes due October 2046   394       0   5.50% subordinated debentures due September 2052   486       486   Yen-denominated Uridashi notes:               2.26% notes paid September 2016 (principal amount 10 billion yen)   0         83    Yen-denominated Samurai notes:               1.84% notes paid July 2016 (principal amount 15.8 billion yen)   0       131   Yen-denominated loans:               Variable interest rate loan due September 2021 (.31% in 2016, principal amount 5.0      billion yen)   43         0    Variable interest rate loan due September 2023 (.46% in 2016, principal amount 25.0      billion yen)   214         0    Total notes payable   $ 5,339         $ 4,968    Prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs. Amounts in the table above are reported net of debt issuance costs and issuance premiums or discounts, if applicable, that are being amortized over the life of the notes. During  2009 , Aflac Japan bought on the open market  2.0 billion  yen of yen-denominated Uridashi notes issued by the Parent Company. These notes were redeemed in September 2016. In consolidation, those notes were extinguished; however, they remained an outstanding liability for the Parent Company until their maturity date. The aggregate contractual maturities of notes payable during each of the years after  December 31, 2016 , are as follows: (In millions)     2017 $ 650   2018 0   2019 0   2020 550   2021 43   Thereafter 4,145   Total $ 5,388   176 For further information regarding notes payable, see Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (B) Derivatives At  December 31, 2016 , the Parent Company's outstanding freestanding derivative contracts were swaps associated with our notes payable, consisting of cross-currency interest rate swaps, also referred to as foreign currency swaps, associated with our senior notes due in February 2017, March 2020, February 2022, June 2023, November 2024 and March 2025, and subordinated debentures due in September 2052. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes, nor do we engage in leveraged derivative transactions. For further information regarding these derivatives, see Notes 1, 4 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (C) Income Taxes The Parent Company and its eligible U.S. subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Income tax liabilities or benefits are recorded by each principal subsidiary based upon separate return calculations, and any difference between the consolidated provision and the aggregate amounts recorded by the subsidiaries is reflected in the Parent Company financial statements. For further information on income taxes, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (D) Dividend Restrictions See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding dividend restrictions. (E) Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information (In millions) 2016   2015   2014 Interest paid   $ 209       $ 235       $ 241   Noncash financing activities:                       Treasury stock issued for shareholder dividend reinvestment   26       26       26   177  SCHEDULE III SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, (In millions) Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   Future Policy Benefits & Unpaid Policy Claims   Unearned Premiums   Other Policyholders' Funds 2016:                               Aflac Japan   $ 5,765       $ 70,684       $ 6,798       $ 6,659   Aflac U.S.   3,228       10,094       118       0   All other   0       91       0       0   Intercompany eliminations   0       (718 )       0       0   Total   $ 8,993       $ 80,151       $ 6,916       $ 6,659   2015:                               Aflac Japan   $ 5,370       $ 64,437       $ 7,739       $ 6,285   Aflac U.S.   3,141       9,696       118       0   All other   0       43       0       0   Intercompany eliminations   0       (687 )       0       0   Total   $ 8,511       $ 73,489       $ 7,857       $ 6,285   Segment amounts may not agree in total to the corresponding consolidated amounts due to rounding. Years Ended December 31, (In millions) Net  Premium Revenue   Net Investment Income   Benefits and Claims, net   Amortization of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   Other Operating Expenses   Premiums Written 2016:                                       Aflac Japan $ 13,537     $ 2,554       $ 9,828       $ 644       $ 2,326     $ 12,762 Aflac U.S. 5,454     703       2,869       497       1,593     5,452 All other 234     21       222       0       513     0 Total $ 19,225     $ 3,278       $ 12,919       $ 1,141       $ 4,432     $ 18,214 2015:                                       Aflac Japan $ 12,046     $ 2,436       $ 8,705       $ 578       $ 2,055     $ 11,740 Aflac U.S. 5,347     678       2,873       488       1,570     5,343 All other 177     21       168       0       573     0 Total $ 17,570     $ 3,135       $ 11,746       $ 1,066       $ 4,198     $ 17,083 2014:                                       Aflac Japan $ 13,861     $ 2,662       $ 10,084       $ 649       $ 2,364     $ 13,352 Aflac U.S. 5,211     645       2,853       459       1,474     5,198 All other 0     12       0       0       354     0 Total $ 19,072     $ 3,319       $ 12,937       $ 1,108       $ 4,192     $ 18,550 Segment amounts may not agree in total to the corresponding consolidated amounts due to rounding. See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 178 SCHEDULE IV REINSURANCE Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries Years Ended December 31, (In millions) Gross Amount   Ceded to Other Companies   Assumed from Other companies   Net Amount   Percentage of Amount Assumed to Net 2016:                               Life insurance in force $ 151,093     $ 3,741       $ 0     $ 147,352     0 %   Premiums:                               Health insurance $ 14,839     $ 595       $ 241     $ 14,485     1 %   Life insurance 4,753     13       0     4,740     0   Total earned premiums $ 19,592     $ 608       $ 241     $ 19,225     1 %   2015:                               Life insurance in force $ 146,610     $ 3,547       $ 0     $ 143,063     0 %   Premiums:                               Health insurance $ 13,604     $ 509       $ 186     $ 13,281     1 %   Life insurance 4,300     11       0     4,289     0   Total earned premiums $ 17,904     $ 520       $ 186     $ 17,570     1 %   2014:                               Life insurance in force $ 144,374     $ 3,298       $ 0     $ 141,076     0 %   Premiums:                               Health insurance $ 14,648     $ 339       $ 10     $ 14,319     0 %   Life insurance 4,764     11       0     4,753     0   Total earned premiums $ 19,412     $ 350       $ 10     $ 19,072     0 %   Premiums by type may not agree in total to the corresponding consolidated amounts due to rounding. See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 179 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   Aflac Incorporated     By:    /s/ Daniel P. Amos      February 24, 2017      (Daniel P. Amos)             Chief Executive Officer,             Chairman of the Board of Directors        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.   /s/  Daniel P. Amos     Chief Executive Officer,   February 24, 2017 (Daniel P. Amos)     Chairman of the Board of Directors                 /s/  Frederick J. Crawford     Executive Vice President,   February 24, 2017 (Frederick J. Crawford)     Chief Financial Officer                 /s/  June Howard     Senior Vice President, Financial Services;   February 24, 2017 (June Howard)     Chief Accounting Officer       180   /s/  Paul S. Amos II       Director   February 24, 2017 (Paul S. Amos II)                           /s/  W. Paul Bowers       Director   February 24, 2017 (W. Paul Bowers)                           /s/  Kriss Cloninger III       Director   February 24, 2017 (Kriss Cloninger III)                           /s/  Toshihiko Fukuzawa       Director   February 24, 2017 (Toshihiko Fukuzawa)                           /s/  Elizabeth J. Hudson       Director   February 24, 2017 (Elizabeth J. Hudson)                           /s/  Douglas W. Johnson       Director   February 24, 2017 (Douglas W. Johnson)                           /s/  Robert B. Johnson       Director   February 24, 2017 (Robert B. Johnson)                           /s/  Thomas J. Kenny       Director   February 24, 2017 (Thomas J. Kenny)                           /s/  Charles B. Knapp       Director   February 24, 2017 (Charles B. Knapp)                           /s/  Karole F. Lloyd       Director   February 24, 2017 (Karole F. Lloyd)                           /s/  Joseph L. Moskowitz       Director   February 24, 2017 (Joseph L. Moskowitz)                           /s/  Barbara K. Rimer       Director   February 24, 2017 (Barbara K. Rimer)                           /s/  Melvin T. Stith       Director   February 24, 2017 (Melvin T. Stith)                           181 	 
 
 
 
