
 10-K
 1
 rost-20190202x10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K     (Mark one)   X   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the fiscal year ended February 2, 2019     or     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission file number 0-14678 Ross Stores, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware   94-1390387 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   5130 Hacienda Drive, Dublin, California   94568-7579 (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code)   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code   (925) 965-4400 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock, par value $.01   Nasdaq Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes    X    No        Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes          No     X    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     X     No            Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     X     No          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  Large accelerated filer     X     Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated filer           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company           Emerging growth company          If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes           No     X    The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of  August 4, 2018  was  $32,578,316,211 , based on the closing price on that date as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market®. Shares of voting stock held by each director and executive officer have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. The number of shares of Common Stock, with $.01 par value, outstanding on  March 11, 2019  was  368,247,009 . Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Registrant’s  2019  Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed on or before  June 3, 2019 , are incorporated herein by reference into Part III.  1 Ross Stores, Inc. Form 10-K Table of Contents     Page PART I           Item 1.  Business 3           Item 1A.    Risk Factors 7     Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments 13     Item 2.   Properties   13     Item 3. Legal Proceedings   16     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   16           PART II               Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 18           Item 6. Selected Financial Data 21           Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 23           Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   32           Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   33         Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 56           Item 9A. Controls and Procedures   56           Item 9B. Other Information   56         PART III               Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   57           Item 11. Executive Compensation   57           Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 58           Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 58           Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services   58           PART IV               Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   59               Signatures   60               Index to Exhibits   62 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Ross Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“we” or the “Company”) operate two brands of off-price retail apparel and home fashion   stores—Ross Dress for Less ®  (“Ross”) and dd’s DISCOUNTS ® .  Ross is the largest off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the United States, with  1,480  locations in  38 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam , as of  February 2, 2019 . Ross offers first-quality, in-season, name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. Ross’ target customers are primarily from middle income households.  We also operate  237  dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in  18 states  as of  February 2, 2019 . dd’s DISCOUNTS features more moderately-priced first-quality, in-season, name brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day. The typical dd’s DISCOUNTS store is located in an established shopping center in a densely populated urban or suburban neighborhood and its target customers typically come from households with more moderate incomes than Ross customers.  The merchant, store field, and distribution organizations for Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS are separate and distinct. The two chains share certain other corporate and support services. Both our Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS brands target value-conscious women and men between the ages of 18 and 54. The decisions we make, from merchandising, purchasing, and pricing, to the locations of our stores, are based on these customer profiles. We believe that both brands derive a competitive advantage by offering a wide assortment of product within each of our merchandise categories in organized and easy-to-shop store environments.  Our mission is to offer competitive values to our target customers by focusing on the following key strategic objectives: •  Maintain an appropriate level of recognizable brands, labels, and fashions at strong discounts throughout the store. •  Meet customer needs on a local basis. •  Deliver an in-store shopping experience that reflects the expectations of the off-price customer. •  Manage real estate growth to compete effectively across all our markets. We refer to our fiscal years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017  as fiscal  2018 , fiscal  2017 , and fiscal  2016 , respectively.  Fiscal 2017 was a 53-week year.  Fiscal 2018 and 2016 were each 52-week years.  Merchandising, Purchasing, and Pricing We seek to provide our customers with a wide assortment of first-quality, in-season, brand name and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home merchandise for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% below department and specialty store regular prices every day at Ross, and 20% to 70% below moderate department and discount store regular prices at dd’s DISCOUNTS. We sell recognizable brand name merchandise that is current and fashionable in each category. New merchandise typically is received from three to six times per week at both Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS stores. Our buyers review their merchandise assortments on a weekly basis, enabling them to respond to selling trends and purchasing opportunities in the market. Our merchandising strategy is reflected in our advertising, which emphasizes a strong value message. Our stores offer a treasure-hunt shopping experience where customers can find great savings every day on a broad assortment of brand name bargains for the family and the home. Merchandising.  Our merchandising strategy incorporates a combination of off-price buying techniques to purchase advance-of-season, in-season, and past-season merchandise for both Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS. We believe nationally recognized name brands sold at compelling discounts will continue to be an important determinant of our success. We generally leave the brand name label on the merchandise we sell. We have established merchandise assortments that we believe are attractive to our target customers. Although we offer fewer classifications of merchandise than most department stores, we generally offer a large selection within each classification with a wide assortment of vendors, labels, prices, colors, styles, and fabrics within each size or item. Our merchandise offerings include, but are not limited to, apparel (including footwear and accessories), small furniture, home accents, bed and bath, beauty, toys, luggage, gourmet food, cookware, and watches. 3 Purchasing.  We have a combined network of about  8,000  merchandise vendors and manufacturers for both Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS and believe we have adequate sources of first-quality merchandise to meet our requirements. We purchase the vast majority of our merchandise directly from manufacturers, and we have not experienced any difficulty in obtaining sufficient merchandise inventory. We believe our ability to effectively execute certain off-price buying strategies is a key factor in our success. Our buyers use a number of methods that enable us to offer our customers brand name and designer merchandise at strong discounts every day relative to department and specialty stores for Ross, and moderate department and discount stores for dd’s DISCOUNTS. By purchasing later in the merchandise buying cycle than department, specialty, and discount stores, we are able to take advantage of imbalances between retailers’ demand for products and manufacturers’ supply of those products.  Unlike most department and specialty stores, we typically do not require that manufacturers provide promotional allowances, co-op advertising allowances, return privileges, split shipments, drop shipments to stores, or delayed deliveries of merchandise. For most orders, only one delivery is made to one of our  six  distribution centers. These flexible requirements further enable our buyers to obtain significant discounts on purchases. The majority of the apparel and apparel-related merchandise that we offer in all of our stores is acquired through opportunistic purchases created by manufacturer overruns and canceled orders both during and at the end of a season. These buys are referred to as "close-out" purchases. Close-outs can be shipped to stores in-season, allowing us to get in-season goods into our stores at great values or can be stored as packaway merchandise.  Packaway merchandise is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date, which may even be the beginning of the same selling season in the following year. Packaway purchases are an effective method of increasing the percentage of prestige and national brands at competitive savings within our merchandise assortments. Packaway merchandise is mainly fashion basics and, therefore, not usually affected by shifts in fashion trends. In fiscal  2018 , we continued our emphasis on this important sourcing strategy in response to compelling opportunities available in the marketplace. Packaway accounted for approximately  46%  and  49%  of total inventories as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively. We believe the strong discounts we offer on packaway merchandise are one of the key drivers of our business results. Our primary buying offices are located in New York City and Los Angeles, the nation’s two largest apparel markets. These strategic locations allow our buyers to be in the market on a daily basis, sourcing opportunities and negotiating purchases with vendors and manufacturers. These locations also enable our buyers to strengthen vendor relationships—a key element to the success of our off-price buying strategies. At the end of fiscal  2018 , we had approximately  850  merchants for Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS combined. The Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS buying organizations are separate and distinct, and each includes merchandise management, buyers, and assistant buyers. Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS buyers have on average  seven  years of experience, including merchandising positions with other retailers such as Bloomingdale’s, Burlington Stores, Foot Locker, Kohl’s, Lord & Taylor, Macy’s, Nordstrom, Saks, and TJX. We expect to continue to make additional targeted investments in our merchant organization to further develop our relationships with our manufacturers and vendors. Our ongoing objective is to strengthen our ability to procure the most desirable brands and fashions at competitive discounts. The off-price buying strategies utilized by our experienced team of merchants enable us to purchase Ross merchandise at net prices that are lower than prices paid by department and specialty stores, and to purchase dd’s DISCOUNTS merchandise at net prices that are lower than prices paid by moderate department and discount stores. Pricing.  Our policy is to sell brand name merchandise at Ross that is priced 20% to 60% below most department and specialty store regular prices. At dd’s DISCOUNTS, we sell more moderate brand name merchandise that is priced 20% to 70% below most moderate department and discount store regular prices. Our pricing policy is reflected on most of our price tags which display our selling price as well as the comparable value for that item in department and specialty stores for Ross merchandise, or in more moderate department and discount stores for dd’s DISCOUNTS merchandise. Our pricing strategy at Ross differs from that of a department or specialty store. We purchase our merchandise at lower prices and mark it up less than a department or specialty store. This strategy enables us to offer customers  4 consistently low prices and compelling value. On a weekly basis our buyers review specified departments in our stores for possible markdowns based on the rate of sale, as well as at the end of fashion seasons, to promote faster turnover of merchandise inventory and to accelerate the flow of fresh product. A similar pricing strategy is in place at dd’s DISCOUNTS where prices are compared to those in moderate department and discount stores. Stores As of  February 2, 2019 , we operated a total of  1,717  stores comprised of  1,480  Ross stores and  237  dd’s DISCOUNTS stores. Our stores are located predominantly in community and neighborhood shopping centers in heavily populated urban and suburban areas. Where the size of the market and real estate opportunities permit, we cluster Ross stores to benefit from economies of scale in advertising, distribution, and field management. We do the same for dd’s DISCOUNTS stores. We believe a key element of our success at both Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS is our organized, attractive, easy-to-shop, in-store environments which allow customers to shop at their own pace. While our stores promote a self-service, treasure hunt shopping experience, the layouts are designed to enhance customer convenience in their merchandise presentation, dressing rooms, checkout, and merchandise return areas. Our store’s sales area is based on a prototype single floor design with a racetrack aisle layout. A customer can locate desired departments by signs displayed just below the ceiling of each department. We enable our customers to select among sizes and prices through prominent category and sizing markers. At most stores, shopping carts and/or baskets are available at the entrance for customer convenience. Cash registers are primarily located at store exits for customer ease and efficient staffing. We accept a variety of payment methods. We provide refunds on all merchandise (not used, worn, or altered) returned with a receipt within 30 days. Merchandise returns having a receipt older than 30 days are exchanged or refunded with store credit. Operating Costs Consistent with the other aspects of our business strategy, we strive to keep operating costs as low as possible. Among the factors which have enabled us to do this are: labor costs that are generally lower than full-price department and specialty stores due to a store design that creates a self-service retail format and due to the utilization of labor saving technologies; economies of scale with respect to general and administrative costs resulting from centralized merchandising, marketing, and purchasing decisions; and flexible store layout criteria which facilitate conversion of existing buildings to our formats. Information Systems We continue to invest in new information systems and technology to provide a platform for growth over the next several years. Recent initiatives include continued enhancements to our information and data security, merchandising, distribution, transportation, store, and financial systems. These initiatives support future growth, the execution and achievement of our plans, as well as ongoing stability and compliance.  Distribution We own and operate  six   distribution processing facilities—three in California, one in Pennsylvania, and two in South Carolina. We ship all of our merchandise to our stores through these distribution centers, which are large, highly automated, and built to suit our specific off-price business model.  We own  four  and lease  five  other warehouse facilities for packaway storage. We also use other third-party facilities, including three warehouses, for storage of packaway inventory.  We utilize a combination of our own and third-party cross dock facilities to distribute merchandise to stores on a regional basis. Shipments are made by contract carriers to the stores three to six times per week depending on location. We believe that our distribution centers with their current expansion capabilities will provide adequate processing capacity to support our current store growth. Information on the size and locations of our distribution centers and warehouse facilities is found under “Properties” in Item 2. 5 Advertising Advertising for Ross Dress for Less relies primarily on television to communicate the Ross value proposition—savings off the same brands carried at leading department or specialty stores every day. This strategy reflects our belief that television is the most efficient and cost effective medium for communicating our brand position. While television is our primary advertising medium, we continue to utilize additional channels, including social media, to communicate our brand position. Advertising for dd’s DISCOUNTS is primarily focused on radio and new store grand openings. Trademarks The trademarks for ROSS ® , Ross Dress For Less ® , and dd’s DISCOUNTS ®  have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Employees As of  February 2, 2019 , we had approximately  88,100  total employees, which includes both full and part-time employees. Additionally, we hire temporary employees especially during the peak seasons. Our employees are non-union. Management considers the relationship between the Company and our employees to be good. Competition We believe the principal competitive factors in the off-price retail apparel and home fashion industry are offering significant discounts on brand name merchandise, offering a well-balanced assortment that appeals to our target customers, and consistently providing store environments that are convenient and easy to shop. To execute this concept, we continue to make strategic investments in our merchandising organization. We also continue to make improvements to our merchandising systems to strengthen our ability to plan, buy, and allocate product based on more local versus regional trends. We believe that we are well-positioned to compete based on each of these factors. Nevertheless, the retail apparel market is highly fragmented and competitive. We face a challenging macro-economic and retail environment that creates intense competition for business from on-line retailers, department stores, specialty stores, discount stores, warehouse stores, other off-price retailers, and manufacturer-owned outlet stores, many of which are units of large national or regional chains that have substantially greater resources. The retail apparel and home-related businesses may become even more competitive in the future. Available Information The internet address for our corporate website is www.rossstores.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, and any amendments to those reports are made available free of charge on or through the Investors section of our corporate website promptly after being electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information found on our corporate website is not part of this report, or any other report or regulatory filing we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 6 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal  2018 , and information we provide in our Annual Report to Stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications, including those on our corporate website, may contain forward-looking statements with respect to anticipated future events and our projected growth, financial performance, operations, and competitive position that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and from our prior expectations and projections. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis for a more complete identification and discussion of “Forward-Looking Statements.” Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. Risks and uncertainties that apply to both Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS include, without limitation, the following: Competitive pressures in the apparel and home-related merchandise retailing industry are high. The retail industry is highly competitive and the marketplace is highly fragmented, as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store and on-line formats and merchandising strategies. We expect competition to increase in the future. There are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. We compete for customers, associates, store locations, and merchandise with many other local, regional, and national retailers, traditional department stores, upscale mass merchandisers, other off-price retailers, specialty stores, internet and catalog businesses, and other forms of retail commerce. Our retail competitors constantly adjust their pricing, business strategies and promotional activity (particularly during holiday periods) in response to changing market conditions or their own financial condition. The substantial sales growth in e-commerce within the last decade has also encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create successful on-line off-price shopping alternatives. Intense pressures from our competitors, our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, or a failure to effectively execute our off-price model, could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause us to take greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending on or preferences for apparel and home-related merchandise could adversely affect us. Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and resell merchandise that meets customer demand. We work on an ongoing basis to identify customer trends and preferences, and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. It is very challenging to successfully do this well and consistently across our diverse merchandise categories and in the multiple markets in which we operate throughout the United States. Although our off-price business model provides us certain advantages and may allow us greater flexibility than traditional retailers have in adjusting our merchandise mix to ever-changing consumer tastes, our merchandising decisions may still fail to correctly anticipate and match consumer trends and preferences, particularly in our newer geographic markets. Failure to correctly anticipate and match the trends, preferences, and demands of our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Adverse and/or unseasonable weather may affect shopping patterns and consumer demand for seasonal apparel and other merchandise, and may result in temporary store closures and disruptions in deliveries of merchandise to our stores. Unseasonable weather and prolonged, extreme temperatures, and events such as storms, affect consumers’ buying patterns and willingness to shop, and may adversely affect the demand for merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise. Among other things, weather conditions may also affect our ability to deliver our products to our stores or require us to close certain stores temporarily, thereby reducing store traffic. Even if stores are not closed, many customers may be unable to go, or may decide to avoid going to stores in bad weather. As a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in any of our markets could lead to disappointing sales and cause us to increase our markdowns, which may negatively affect our sales and margins.  7 We are subject to impacts from the macro-economic environment, financial and credit markets, and geopolitical conditions that affect consumer confidence and consumer disposable income. Consumer spending habits for the merchandise we sell are affected by many factors, including prevailing economic conditions, recession and fears of recession, levels of unemployment, salaries and wage rates, housing costs, energy and fuel costs, income tax rates and the timing of tax refunds, inflation, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, and consumers’ disposable income. Adverse developments in any of these areas could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. All of our stores are located in the United States and its territories, so we are especially susceptible to changes in the U.S. economy.        In order to achieve our planned gross margins, we must effectively manage our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage. We purchase the majority of our inventory based on our sales plans. If our sales plans significantly differ from actual demand, we may experience higher inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, resulting in decreased profit margins. We also may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales opportunities. As a regular part of our business, we purchase “packaway” inventory with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores varies by merchandise category and by season, but it typically remains in storage less than six months. Packaway inventory is frequently a significant portion of our overall inventory. If we make packaway purchases that do not align with consumer preferences at the later time of release to our stores, we could have significant inventory markdowns. Changes in packaway inventory levels could impact our operating cash flow. Although we have various systems to help protect against loss or theft of our inventory, both when in storage and once distributed to our stores, we may have damaged, lost, or stolen inventory (called “shortage”) in higher amounts than we forecast, which would result in write-offs, lost sales, and reduced margins.  We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices. Opportunistic buying, lean inventory levels, and frequent inventory turns are critical elements of our off-price business strategy. Maintaining an overall pricing differential to department and specialty stores is also key to our ability to attract customers and sustain our sales and gross margins. Our opportunistic buying places considerable discretion with our merchants, who are in the marketplace continually and who are generally purchasing merchandise for the current or upcoming season. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that represent a value to our customers. To the extent that certain of our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. To the extent that certain of our vendors decide not to sell to us or go out of business, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could also be materially reduced. Because a significant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries, changes in U.S. tariffs, trade relationships, or tax policies that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of imported goods, could also result in disruptions to our existing supply relationships. Shortages or disruptions in the availability to us of high quality, value-priced merchandise would likely have a material adverse effect on our sales and margins. 8 Information or data security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee, or other private and valuable information that we handle in the ordinary course of our business, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and increase our costs.  Like other large retailers, we rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Some of the key information systems and processes we use to handle payment card transactions and check approvals, and the levels of security technology utilized in payment cards, are controlled by the banking and payment card industry, not by us. Cyber criminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other information systems to misappropriate customer or business information, including but not limited to credit/debit card, personnel, or trade information. Despite security measures we have in place, and our efforts to prevent, monitor, and mitigate attacks and errors, our facilities and systems (or those of third-party service providers we utilize or connect to) may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, phishing and similar fraudulent attacks, or other similar events. It is also possible that an associate within our Company, or a third party we do business with, may purposefully or inadvertently cause a security breach involving such information. The increasing sophistication of cyber criminals and advances in computer capabilities and remote access increases these risks. A breach of our information or data security, a system shut down or other response we may take, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, violation (or alleged violation) of applicable laws, and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action, and to unanticipated costs and disruption of our operations.  Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Poorly targeting opportunities, failing to make good investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology system changes could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide us with the anticipated benefits, or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our employees or by third parties. If our information systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Such disruptions may result from: damage or destruction to our distribution centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; trade restrictions; tariffs; third-party strikes or ineffective cross dock operations; work stoppages or slowdowns; shipping capacity constraints; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; or other factors beyond our control. Any such disruptions could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.  9 We need to obtain acceptable new store sites with favorable consumer demographics to achieve our planned growth.  Successful growth requires us to find appropriate real estate sites in our targeted market areas. We compete with other retailers and businesses for acceptable store locations. For the purpose of identifying locations we rely, in part, on consumer demographics. While we believe consumer demographics are helpful indicators of acceptable store locations, we recognize that this information cannot predict future consumer preferences and buying trends with complete accuracy. Time frames for negotiations and store development vary from location to location and can be subject to unforeseen delays or unexpected cancellations. We may not be able to open new stores or, if opened, operate those new stores profitably. Construction and other delays in store openings could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. Additionally, we may not be able to renegotiate our current lease terms which could negatively impact our operating results. New stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores, and adding stores to existing markets may adversely affect the sales and profitability of other existing stores. If we cannot acquire sites on attractive terms, it could limit our ability to grow or adversely affect the economics of our new stores in various markets.  To achieve growth, we need to expand in existing markets and enter new geographic markets.  Our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our off-price model in current markets and in new geographic regions. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand our current business and to enter new markets. Stores we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels on a consistent basis and may have higher construction, occupancy, advertising, or operating costs than stores we open in existing markets, thereby affecting our overall profitability. New markets may have competitive conditions, consumer tastes, and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than our existing markets. Our limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new markets may require us to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in advertising and promotional activity than we originally planned. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate, and retain qualified associates. Consumer problems or legal issues involving the quality, safety, or authenticity of products we sell could harm our reputation, result in lost sales, and/or increase our costs.  Various governmental authorities regulate the quality and safety of merchandise we sell. These regulations and related laws frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Because of our opportunistic buying strategy, we sometimes obtain merchandise in new categories or from new vendors that we have not dealt with before. Although our vendor arrangements typically place contractual responsibility on the vendor for resulting liability and we generally rely on our vendors to provide authentic merchandise that matches the stated quality attributes, and complies with applicable product safety and other laws, vendor non-compliance with consumer product safety laws may subject us to product recalls, make certain products unsalable, or require us to incur significant compliance costs. Regardless of fault, any real or perceived issues with the quality and safety of merchandise we offer, particularly products such as food and children’s items, issues with the authenticity of merchandise, or our inability, or that of our vendors, to comply on a timely basis with laws and regulatory requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, result in lost sales, inventory write-offs, uninsured product liability or other legal claims, penalties or losses, merchandise recalls, and increased costs.  An adverse outcome in various legal, regulatory, or tax matters could damage our reputation or brand and increase our costs. As an ordinary part of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, tax audits, or other legal matters. These may include lawsuits, inquiries, demands, or other claims or proceedings by governmental entities and private plaintiffs, including those relating to employment and employee benefits (including classification, employment rights, discrimination, wage and hour, and retaliation), securities, real estate, tort, commercial, consumer protection, privacy, product compliance and safety, advertising, comparative pricing, intellectual property, tax, escheat, and whistle-blower claims. We continue to be involved in a number of employment-related lawsuits, including class actions which are primarily in California. 10 We are subject to federal, state, and local rules and regulations in the United States, and to various international laws, which change from time to time. These legal requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, including the cost of health care, workforce management and employee benefits, minimum wages, advertising, comparative pricing, import/export, sourcing and manufacturing, data protection, intellectual property, and others. If we fail to comply (or are alleged not to comply) with any of these requirements, we may be subject to fines, settlements, penalties, or other costs. In addition, an adverse outcome (or the adverse publicity from the claims) in any of these matters may damage our reputation or brand. We are also subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, and local tax authorities, and these examining authorities may challenge positions we take. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax provisions and accruals for legal claims. Actual results may differ and our costs may exceed the reserves we establish in estimating the probable outcomes. In addition, applicable accounting principles and interpretations may change from time to time, and those changes could have material effects on our reported operating results and financial condition. Damage to our corporate reputation or brands could adversely affect our sales and operating results. Our reputation is partially based on perceptions of various subjective qualities and overall integrity. Any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public could adversely affect our reputation and business, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. Such an incident could also include alleged acts or omissions by or situations involving our suppliers (or their contractors or subcontractors), the landlord for our stores, or our associates outside of work, and may pertain to social or political issues or protests largely unrelated to our business. The use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons, continues to increase. The availability of information (whether correct or erroneous) on social media platforms is virtually immediate, as is its impact. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information concerning our Company may be posted on such platforms at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, which could negatively affect our sales, diminish customer trust, reduce employee morale and productivity, and lead to difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified associates. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.   We must continually attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our off-price retail strategies.  Like other retailers, we face challenges in recruiting and retaining sufficient talent in our buying organization, management, stores, and other key areas. Many of our retail store associates are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing minimum wage or healthcare benefits.  Any increase in labor costs may adversely impact our profitability or, if we fail to pay such higher wages, may result in increased turnover. Excessive turnover may result in higher costs associated with finding, hiring, and training new associates. If we cannot hire enough qualified associates, or if there is a disruption in the supply of personnel we hire from third-party providers, especially during our peak seasons, our operations could be negatively impacted. Because of the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must also attract, train, and retain our key associates across the Company, especially within our buying organization. The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or the inability to effectively identify a suitable successor for a key role could have a material adverse effect on our business. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future, and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our growth, operations, or financial position.  We must effectively advertise and market our business. Customer traffic and demand for our merchandise is influenced by our advertising and marketing activities, the name recognition and reputation of our brands, and the location of our stores. Although we use marketing and advertising programs to attract customers to our stores, particularly through television, our competitors may spend more or use different approaches, which could provide them with a competitive advantage. Our advertising and other promotional programs may not be effective or may be perceived negatively, or could require increased expenditures, any of which could adversely affect sales or increase costs.  11 We are subject to risks associated with selling and importing merchandise produced in other countries. Risks in importing and selling such merchandise include import duties and quotas, compliance with anti-dumping regulations, economic uncertainties and adverse economic conditions (including inflation, recession, and exchange rate fluctuations), foreign government regulations, employment and labor matters, concerns relating to human rights, working conditions, and other issues in factories or countries where merchandise is produced, transparency of sourcing and supply chains, exposure on product warranty and intellectual property issues, consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise, wars and fears of war, political unrest, natural disasters, regulations to address climate change, and trade restrictions. A predominant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell (even when we purchase it domestically, often as excess inventory sold to us by a domestic vendor) is originally manufactured in other countries. In addition, we directly source a portion of the products sold in our stores from foreign vendors predominantly in Asia (including China). We also buy products that originate from foreign sources indirectly through domestic vendors and manufacturers’ representatives. Although our foreign purchases of merchandise are negotiated and paid for in U.S. dollars, decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the cost of products we purchase from overseas vendors. When we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements similar to those applicable to a manufacturer. To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, any event causing a disruption of imports, including the imposition of import restrictions, war, and acts of terrorism could adversely affect our business. The flow of merchandise from our vendors could also be adversely affected by financial or political instability in any of the countries in which the goods we purchase are manufactured. Trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, or both, applicable to the products we sell could also affect the importation of those products and could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us. We cannot predict whether any of the countries from which our products are sourced, or in which our products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be subject to trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments or the likelihood, type or effect of any such restrictions. We require our vendors (for both import and domestic purchasing) to contractually confirm that they adhere to various conduct, compliance, and other requirements, including those relating to environmental, employment and labor (including wages and working conditions), health, safety, and anti-bribery standards. From time to time, our vendors, their contractors, or their subcontractors may be alleged to not be in compliance with these standards or with applicable local laws. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to facilitate our compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise, and to monitor our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies. Significant or continuing noncompliance with such standards and laws by one or more vendors could have a negative impact on our reputation, could subject us to claims and liability, and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Changes in U.S. tax or trade policy regarding apparel and home-related merchandise produced in other countries could adversely affect our business.  A predominant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries. The U.S. government has at times indicated a willingness to significantly change existing trade policies, including those with China. This exposes us to risks of disruption and cost increases in our established patterns for sourcing our merchandise, and creates increased uncertainties in planning our sourcing strategies and forecasting our margins. Changes in U.S. tariffs, quotas, trade relationships, or tax provisions that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of goods produced in other countries could increase our cost of goods and/or increase our effective tax rate. Although such changes would have implications across the entire industry, we may fail to effectively adapt and to manage the adjustments in strategy that would be necessary in response to those changes. In addition to the general uncertainty and overall risk from potential changes in U.S. laws and policies, as we make business decisions in the face of uncertainty as to potential changes, we may incorrectly anticipate the outcomes, miss out on business opportunities, or fail to effectively adapt our business strategies and manage the adjustments that are necessary in response to those changes. These risks could adversely affect our revenues, increase our effective tax rates, and reduce our profitability. 12 We may experience volatility in revenues and earnings.  Our business has slower and busier periods based on holiday and back-to-school seasons, weather, and other factors. Although our off-price business is historically subject to less seasonality than traditional retailers, we may still experience unexpected decreases in sales from time to time, which could result in increased markdowns and reduced margins. Significant operating expenses, such as rent expense and associate salaries, do not adjust proportionately with our sales. If sales in a certain period are lower than our plans, we may not be able to adjust these operating expenses concurrently, which could adversely affect our operating results. A natural or man-made disaster in California or in another region where we have a concentration of stores, offices, or a distribution center could harm our business.  Our corporate headquarters, Los Angeles buying office,  three  distribution centers,  three  warehouses, and approximately  23%  of our stores are located in California. Natural or other disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, or other extreme weather and climate conditions, or fires, explosions, and acts of war or terrorism, or public health issues (such as epidemics), in any of our markets could disrupt our operations or our supply chain, or could shut down, damage, or destroy our stores or distribution facilities. To support our continuing operations, our new store and distribution center growth plans, and our stock repurchase program and quarterly dividends, we must maintain sufficient liquidity. We depend upon our operations to generate strong cash flows to support our general operating activities, and to supply capital to finance our operations, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, manage our debt levels, and return value to our stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support these activities, our growth plans and our financial performance would be adversely affected. If necessary to support our operations, we could be forced to suspend our stock repurchase program and/or discontinue payment of our quarterly cash dividends. Any failure to pay dividends or repurchase stock, after we have announced our intention to do so, may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us, and may negatively affect our stock price. We have borrowed on occasion to finance some of our activities. If our access to capital is restricted or our borrowing costs increase, our operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. In addition, if we do not properly allocate our capital to maximize returns, our operations, cash flows, and returns to stockholders could be adversely affected. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES At  February 2, 2019 , we operated a total of  1,717  stores, of which  1,480  were Ross stores in  38 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam , and  237  were dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in  18 states . All stores are leased, with the exception of  two  locations which we own. During fiscal  2018 , we opened  75  new Ross stores and closed  four  existing stores. The average approximate Ross store size is  28,000  square feet. During fiscal  2018 , we opened  24  new dd’s DISCOUNTS stores and closed  no  existing stores. The average approximate dd’s DISCOUNTS store size is  23,000  square feet. During fiscal  2018 ,  no  one store accounted for more than 1% of our sales. We carry fire, flood, wind, and earthquake insurance to help mitigate the risk of financial loss that may result from such events. Our real estate strategy in  2019  is to primarily open stores in states where we currently operate, to increase our market penetration and leverage overhead and advertising expenses as a percentage of sales in each market. We also expect to continue our store expansion in newer markets in  2019 . Important considerations in evaluating a new store location in both newer and more established markets are the availability and quality of potential sites, demographic characteristics, competition, and population density of the local trade area. In addition, we continue to consider opportunistic real estate acquisitions. 13 The following table summarizes the locations of our stores by state/territory as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 . State/Territory   February 2, 2019   February 3, 2018 Alabama   24   23 Arizona   80   78 Arkansas   8   8 California   400   379 Colorado   37   34 Delaware   3   2 District of Columbia   2   1 Florida   205   195 Georgia   61   59 Guam   2   2 Hawaii   22   20 Idaho   12   11 Illinois   79   67 Indiana   15   14 Iowa   6   4 Kansas   12   11 Kentucky   11   11 Louisiana   18   18 Maryland   25   24 Mississippi   9   9 Missouri   26   23 Montana   6   6 Nebraska   1   0 Nevada   39   37 New Jersey   14   14 New Mexico   15   14 North Carolina   47   46 North Dakota   2   1 Oklahoma   26   26 Oregon   31   30 Pennsylvania   48   48 South Carolina   27   24 South Dakota   2   2 Tennessee   34   32 Texas   244   230 Utah   21   19 Virginia   39   38 Washington   43   43 Wisconsin   18   16 Wyoming   3   3 Total   1,717   1,622 14 Where possible, we obtain sites in buildings requiring minimal alterations, allowing us to establish stores in new locations in a relatively short period of time at reasonable costs in a given market. At  February 2, 2019 , the majority of our stores had unexpired original lease terms ranging from  three to ten years , with  three to four  renewal options of five years each. The average unexpired original lease term of our leased stores is five years, or 20 years if renewal options are included. See Note E of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. See additional discussion under “Stores” in Item 1. The following table summarizes the location and approximate sizes of our distribution centers, warehouses, and office locations as of  February 2, 2019 . Square footage information for the distribution centers and warehouses represents total ground floor area of the facility. Square footage information for office space represents total space owned and leased. See additional discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Location   Approximate Square Footage   Own / Lease Distribution centers/Warehouses         Carlisle, Pennsylvania   465,000   Own Carlisle, Pennsylvania   239,000   Lease Carlisle, Pennsylvania   246,000   Lease Fort Mill, South Carolina   1,200,000   Own Fort Mill, South Carolina   428,000   Own Fort Mill, South Carolina   423,000   Own Fort Mill, South Carolina   255,000   Lease Moreno Valley, California   1,300,000   Own Perris, California   1,300,000   Own Perris, California   699,000   Own Riverside, California   449,000   Own Rock Hill, South Carolina   1,200,000   Own Rock Hill, South Carolina   431,000   Lease Shafter, California   1,700,000   Own Shafter, California   1,003,000   Lease           Office space         Boston, Massachusetts   5,000   Lease Dublin, California   414,000   Own Los Angeles, California   103,000   Lease New York City, New York   572,000   Own See additional discussion under “Distribution” in Item 1. 15 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Like many retailers, we have been named in class action lawsuits, primarily in California, alleging violation of wage and hour laws and consumer protection laws. Class action litigation remains pending as of  February 2, 2019 .  We are also party to various other legal and regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Actions filed against us may include commercial, product and product safety, consumer, intellectual property, and labor and employment-related claims, including lawsuits in which private plaintiffs or governmental agencies allege that we violated federal, state, and/or local laws. Actions against us are in various procedural stages. Many of these proceedings raise factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. We believe that the resolution of our pending class action litigation and other currently pending legal and regulatory proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 16 Executive Officers of the Registrant The following sets forth the names and ages of our executive officers, indicating each person’s principal occupation or employment during at least the past five years. The term of office is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Name   Age   Position Michael Balmuth   68   Executive Chairman of the Board Barbara Rentler   61   Chief Executive Officer Bernie Brautigan   54   President, Merchandising, Ross Dress for Less James S. Fassio   64   President and Chief Development Officer Brian Morrow   59   President and Chief Merchandising Officer, dd’s DISCOUNTS Michael O’Sullivan   55   President and Chief Operating Officer Michael J. Hartshorn   51   Group Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Mr. Balmuth has served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2014. From 1996 to 2014, he was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. He also served as President from 2005 to 2009. Previously, Mr. Balmuth was Executive Vice President, Merchandising from 1993 to 1996 and Senior Vice President and General Merchandise Manager from 1989 to 1993. Before joining Ross, he was Senior Vice President and General Merchandising Manager at Bon Marché in Seattle from 1988 to 1989 and Executive Vice President and General Merchandising Manager for Karen Austin Petites from 1986 to 1988. Ms. Rentler has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since 2014. From 2009 to 2014, she was President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Ross Dress for Less and Executive Vice President, Merchandising, from 2006 to 2009. She also served at dd’s DISCOUNTS as Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer from 2005 to 2006 and Senior Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer from 2004 to 2005. Prior to that, she held various merchandising positions since joining the Company in 1986. Mr. Brautigan has served as President, Merchandising, Ross Dress for Less since March 2016 with responsibility for the Ladies and Children’s apparel businesses, Shoes, Lingerie, Cosmetics, and Accessories. Previously he was Group Executive Vice President, Merchandising, Ross Dress for Less from 2014 to 2016. He was also Executive Vice President of Merchandising at Ross from 2009 to 2014, Senior Vice President and General Merchandise Manager, from 2006 to 2009, and Group Vice President of Shoes from 2003 to 2006. Prior to Ross, he spent 20 years in various merchandising positions at Macy’s East. Mr. Fassio has served as President and Chief Development Officer since 2009. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Property Development, Construction and Store Design from 2005 to 2009 and Senior Vice President, Property Development, Construction and Store Design from 1991 to 2005. He joined the Company in 1988 as Vice President of Real Estate. Prior to joining Ross, Mr. Fassio held various retail and real estate positions with Safeway Stores, Inc. Mr. Morrow has served as President and Chief Merchandising Officer, dd’s DISCOUNTS since December 2015. Prior to joining Ross, Mr. Morrow served as President, Chief Merchandising Officer of Stein Mart from 2014 to 2015 and Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer from 2010 to 2014. From 2008 to 2009, he served as Executive Vice President, General Merchandise Manager at Macy’s West. He also held roles as Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager at Mervyn’s in 2008 and Macy’s North/Marshall Field’s from 2006 to 2008. For approximately 20 years prior to this, Mr. Morrow held various merchandising roles at The May Department Stores Company.  Mr. O’Sullivan has served as President and Chief Operating Officer since 2009 and a member of the Board of Directors since 2014. From 2005 to 2009, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, and Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Marketing from 2003 to 2005. Before joining Ross, Mr. O’Sullivan was a partner with Bain & Company, providing consulting advice to retail, consumer goods, financial services, and private equity clients since 1991. Mr. Hartshorn has served as Group Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal, Chief Financial Officer since March 2019. Previously, he was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2018 to 2019, Group Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2015 to 2018, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2014 to 2015, and Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2014. He was also Group  17 Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from 2011 to 2012, and Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from 2006 to 2011. From 2002 to 2006, he held a number of management roles in the Ross IT and supply chain organizations. He initially joined the Company in 2000 as Director and Assistant Controller. For seven years prior to joining Ross, Mr. Hartshorn held various financial roles at The May Department Stores Company. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES General information.   See the information set forth under the caption "Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)" under Note K of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. Our stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market ®  under the symbol ROST. There were  904  stockholders of record as of  March 11, 2019  and the closing stock price on that date was  $90.74  per share. Cash dividends.   On  March 5, 2019 , our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of  $0.255  per common share, payable on  March 29, 2019 . Our Board of Directors declared cash dividends of  $0.225  per common share in  March, May, August, and November 2018 , cash dividends of  $0.160  per common share in  February, May, August, and November 2017 , and cash dividends of  $0.135  per common share in  March, May, August, and November 2016 . Issuer purchases of equity securities.   Information regarding shares of common stock we repurchased during the fourth quarter of fiscal  2018  is as follows: Period   Total number of shares (or units) purchased ¹   Average price paid per share (or unit)   Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs   Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs ($000)   November                   (11/04/2018 - 12/01/2018)   749,726   $94.24   749,726   $197,842   December                   (12/02/2018 - 01/05/2019)   1,352,850   $80.60   1,344,392   $89,500   January                   (01/06/2019 - 02/02/2019)   982,600   $91.09   982,558   $0 Total   3,085,176   $87.26   3,076,676   $0 ¹ We acquired 8,500 shares of treasury stock during the quarter ended February 2, 2019. Treasury stock includes shares acquired from employees for tax withholding purposes related to vesting of restricted stock grants. All remaining shares were repurchased under our publicly announced stock repurchase program. In March 2019, our Board of Directors approved a new, two-year $2.55 billion stock repurchase program through fiscal 2020. See Note H of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for equity compensation plan information. The information under Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Equity compensation plan information” is incorporated herein by reference. 18 Stockholder Return Performance Graph The following information in this Item 5 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. The graph below compares total stockholder returns over the last five years for our common stock with the Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) 500 Index, and the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index.  We use the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index in our performance graph because we believe the retail companies comprising that index are aligned with the segment of the retail industry in which we operate, and it provides a relevant comparison against which to measure our stock performance.  The cumulative total return listed below assumed an initial investment of $100 and reinvestment of dividends at each fiscal year end, and measures the performance of this investment as of the last trading day in the month of January for each of the following five years. These measurement dates are based on the historical month-end data available and vary slightly from our actual fiscal year-end date for each period. Data with respect to returns for the S&P index and the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index is not readily available for periods shorter than one month. The graph is a historical representation of past performance only and is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 19 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN Among Ross Stores, Inc., the S&P 500 Index, and Dow Jones Apparel Retailers         Indexed Returns for Years Ended     Base Period                     Company / Index   2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019 Ross Stores, Inc.   100   136   169   198   242   284 S&P 500 Index   100   114   113   136   172   168 Dow Jones Apparel Retailers   100   121   120   118   134   146 20 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following selected financial data is derived from our consolidated financial statements. The data set forth below should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” the section “Forward-Looking Statements” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. ($000, except per share data) 2018   2017  1   2016   2015 2014                       Operations                     Sales $ 14,983,541   $ 14,134,732   $ 12,866,757   $ 11,939,999   $ 11,041,677   Cost of goods sold 10,726,277   10,042,638   9,173,705   8,576,873   7,937,956   Percent of sales 71.6 %   71.0 %   71.3 %   71.8 %   71.9 %   Selling, general and administrative 2,216,550   2,043,698   1,890,408   1,738,755   1,615,371   Percent of sales 14.8 %   14.5 %   14.7 %   14.6 %   14.6 %   Interest (income) expense, net (10,162 )   7,676   16,488   12,612   2,984   Earnings before taxes 2,050,876   2,040,720   1,786,156   1,611,759   1,485,366   Percent of sales 13.7 %   14.4 %   13.9 %   13.5 %   13.5 %   Provision for taxes on earnings 463,419   677,967   668,502   591,098   560,642   Net earnings $ 1,587,457   $ 1,362,753   $ 1,117,654   $ 1,020,661   $ 924,724   Percent of sales 10.6 %   9.6 %   8.7 %   8.5 %   8.4 %   Basic earnings per share² $ 4.30 4   $ 3.58 3   $ 2.85   $ 2.53   $ 2.24   Diluted earnings per share² $ 4.26 4   $ 3.55 3   $ 2.83   $ 2.51   $ 2.21                         Cash dividends declared                     per common share² $ 0.900   $ 0.640   $ 0.540   $ 0.470   $ 0.400                         ¹ Fiscal 2017 was a 53-week year; all other fiscal years presented were 52 weeks.   ² All per share amounts have been adjusted for the two-for-one stock split effective June 11, 2015.   3  Includes a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform legislation enacted in December 2017 and $0.10 from the 53rd week.   4  Includes a per share benefit of approximately $0.70 from tax reform legislation enacted in December 2017 and $0.07 from the favorable resolution of a tax matter.   21 Selected Financial Data ($000, except per share data)   2018   2017  1   2016   2015 2014                         Financial Position                       Cash and cash equivalents   $ 1,412,912   $ 1,290,294   $ 1,111,599   $ 761,602   $ 696,608   Merchandise inventory   1,750,442   1,641,735   1,512,886   1,419,104   1,372,675   Property and equipment, net   2,475,201   2,382,464   2,328,048   2,342,906   2,273,752   Total assets   6,073,691   5,722,051 5,309,351 4,869,119 4,687,370 Return on average assets   27 %   25 %   22 %   21 %   22 %   Working capital   1,394,535   1,224,755   1,060,543   769,348   590,471   Current ratio   1.7:1   1.6:1   1.6:1   1.5:1   1.4:1   Long-term debt   312,440   396,967 396,493 396,025 395,562 Long-term debt as a percent                     of total capitalization   9 %   12 %   13 %   14 %   15 %   Stockholders’ equity   3,305,746   3,049,308   2,748,017   2,471,991   2,279,210   Return on average                     stockholders’ equity   50 %   47 %   43 %   43 %   43 %   Book value per common share                     outstanding at year-end 2   $ 8.98   $ 8.03   $ 7.01   $ 6.14   $ 5.49                         Operating Statistics                     Number of stores opened   99   96   93   90   95   Number of stores closed   4   7   6   6   9   Number of stores at year-end   1,717   1,622   1,533   1,446   1,362   Comparable store sales increase 3                       (52-week basis)   4 %   4 %   4 %   4 %   3 %   Sales per average square foot of                     selling space (52-week basis)   $ 422   $ 409   $ 395   $ 383   $ 372   Square feet of selling space                     at year-end (000)   36,300   34,700   33,300   31,900   30,400   Number of employees at year-end   88,100   82,700   78,600   77,800   71,400   Number of common stockholders                     of record at year-end   902   880   848   842   817                           ¹ Fiscal 2017 was a 53-week year; all other fiscal years presented were 52 weeks.     2  All per share amounts have been adjusted for the two-for-one stock split effective June 11, 2015.   3  Comparable stores are stores open for more than 14 complete months. 22 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview Ross Stores, Inc. operates two brands of off-price retail apparel and home fashion stores—Ross Dress for Less ®  (“Ross”) and dd’s DISCOUNTS ® . Ross is the largest off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the United States with  1,480  locations in  38 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam , as of  February 2, 2019 . Ross offers first-quality, in-season, name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. We also operate  237  dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in  18 states  as of  February 2, 2019  that feature a more moderately-priced assortment of first-quality, in-season, name brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day. Our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing off-price strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. In establishing appropriate growth targets for our business, we closely monitor market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains over the past few years were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. Our sales and earnings gains in  2018  continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. Our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day.  We refer to our fiscal years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017  as fiscal  2018 , fiscal  2017 , and fiscal  2016 , respectively. Fiscal 2017 was a 53-week year.  Fiscal 2018 and 2016 were each 52-week years.  Results of Operations The following table summarizes the financial results for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 :     2018   2017 2016 Sales             Sales (millions)   $ 14,984   $ 14,135   $ 12,867 Sales growth   6.0 %   9.9 %   7.8 % Comparable store sales growth (52-week basis)   4 %   4 %   4 %               Costs and expenses (as a percent of sales)             Cost of goods sold   71.6 %   71.0 %   71.3 % Selling, general and administrative   14.8 %   14.5 %   14.7 % Interest (income) expense, net   (0.1 )%   0.1 %   0.1 %               Earnings before taxes (as a percent of sales)   13.7 %   14.4 %   13.9 %             Net earnings (as a percent of sales)   10.6 %   9.6 %   8.7 % 23 Stores.   Total stores open at the end of fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  were  1,717 ,  1,622 , and  1,533 , respectively. The number of stores at the end of fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  increased by  6% ,  6% , and  6%  from the respective prior years. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Store Count 2018   2017   2016 Beginning of the period 1,622   1,533   1,446 Opened in the period 99   96   93 Closed in the period (4 )   (7 )   (6 ) End of the period 1,717   1,622   1,533             Selling square footage at the end of the period (000) 36,300   34,700   33,300 Sales.  Sales for fiscal  2018  increased  $0.8 billion , or  6.0% , compared to the  prior year  due to the opening of  95  net new stores during  2018  and a  4%  increase in comparable store sales (defined as stores that have been open for more than 14 complete months). Sales for fiscal  2017  increased  $1.3 billion , or  9.9% , compared to the prior year due to the opening of  89  net new stores during  2017  and a  4%  increase in sales from comparable stores, and the impact of the 53rd week. Our sales mix is shown below for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 :   2018   2017   2016 Ladies   26 %   27 %   28 % Home Accents and Bed and Bath   26 %   26 %   25 % Men ’ s   14 %   13 %   13 % Accessories, Lingerie, Fine Jewelry, and Fragrances   13 %   13 %   13 % Shoes   13 %   13 %   13 % Children ’ s   8 %   8 %   8 % Total   100 %   100 %   100 %             We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Although our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. Cost of goods sold.  Cost of goods sold in fiscal  2018  increased  $683.6 million  compared to the prior year mainly due to increased sales from the opening of  95  net new stores during the year and a  4%  increase in sales from comparable stores. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales for fiscal  2018  increased approximately 55 basis points from the prior year primarily due to a 40 basis point increase in freight costs, a 15 basis point increase in distribution expenses, higher buying costs of 10 basis points, and higher occupancy costs of five basis points. These increases were partially offset by an increase of 15 basis points in merchandise gross margin.  Cost of goods sold in fiscal  2017  increased  $868.9 million  compared to the prior year mainly due to increased sales from the opening of  89  net new stores during the year and a  4%  increase in sales from comparable stores, and the impact of the 53rd week. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales for fiscal  2017  decreased approximately 25 basis points from the prior year primarily due to a 25 basis point increase in merchandise gross margin, a 25 basis point decrease in occupancy costs,  24 and a five basis point decrease in distribution expenses. The improvements were partially offset by a 25 basis point increase in freight costs and higher buying costs of five basis points.  We cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  will continue in future years. Selling, general and administrative expenses.  For fiscal  2018 , selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) increased  $172.9 million  compared to the prior year, mainly due to increased store operating costs reflecting the opening of  95  net new stores during the year. SG&A as a percentage of sales for fiscal  2018  increased by approximately 30 basis points compared to the prior year primarily due to higher wages. For fiscal  2017 , SG&A increased  $153.3 million  compared to the prior year, mainly due to increased store operating costs reflecting the opening of  89  net new stores during the year, and the impact of the 53rd week. SG&A as a percentage of sales for fiscal  2017  decreased by approximately 25 basis points compared to the prior year primarily due to leverage resulting from the 4% increase in comparable store sales. Interest expense (income), net.  In fiscal  2018 , net interest income improved by  $17.8 million  compared to 2017 primarily due to an increase in interest income, and higher capitalized interest on information systems projects. In fiscal 2017, net interest expense decreased by $8.8 million compared to 2016 primarily due to an increase in interest income. The table below shows the components of interest expense and income for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 : ($000)   2018   2017   2016 Interest expense on long-term debt   $ 17,900   $ 18,578   $ 18,573 Other interest expense   1,004   979   1,022 Capitalized interest   (2,497 )   (710 )   (26 ) Interest income   (26,569 )   (11,171 )   (3,081 ) Interest (income) expense, net   $ (10,162 )   $ 7,676   $ 16,488 Taxes on earnings.  Our effective tax rates for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  were approximately  23% ,  33%  and  37% , respectively. The effective tax rate represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. The effective rate is impacted by changes in laws, location of new stores, level of earnings, and the resolution of tax positions with various taxing authorities. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal  2019  will be between 23% and 24%. In November 2018, we resolved uncertain federal tax positions related to fiscal 2015 with the Internal Revenue Service. As a result, we recognized a tax benefit of approximately $26.0 million or approximately $0.07 of earnings per share in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. In fiscal 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act” or "tax reform") was signed into law.  The Tax Act made significant changes to U.S. corporate taxation including reducing the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, the last month of fiscal 2017. U.S. GAAP requires that the impact of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted.  We applied a U.S. federal income tax rate of 21% for fiscal 2018 and a blended U.S. federal income tax rate of approximately 34% for fiscal 2017. This rate reduction resulted in an increase to our earnings per share of approximately $0.70 for fiscal 2018. For fiscal 2017, the rate reduction, along with the remeasurement of deferred taxes, resulted in an increase to our earnings per share of approximately $0.21.  Net earnings.  Net earnings as a percentage of sales for fiscal  2018  were higher than in fiscal  2017 , primarily due to lower taxes as a result of tax reform, and higher interest income, partially offset by higher cost of goods sold and higher SG&A expenses. Net earnings as a percentage of sales for fiscal  2017  were higher compared to fiscal  2016 , primarily due to lower taxes due to tax reform, lower cost of goods sold, and lower SG&A expenses. 25 Earnings per share.  Diluted earnings per share in fiscal  2018  was  $4.26 , which includes a per share benefit of approximately $0.70 from tax reform and $0.07 from the favorable resolution of a tax matter, compared to $3.55 in the prior year, which included a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform and a $0.10 benefit from the 53rd week. The  20%  increase in diluted earnings per share is attributable to an increase of approximately  16%  in net earnings (which included a 14% impact from tax reform and a 2% impact from the favorable resolution of a tax matter) and 4% from the reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding, largely due to the repurchase of common stock under our stock repurchase program. Diluted earnings per share in fiscal  2017  was  $3.55 , which included a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform and $0.10 from the 53rd week, compared to $2.83 in fiscal 2016. The  25%  increase in diluted earnings per share was attributable to an increase of approximately  22%  in net earnings (which included a 7% impact from tax reform and a 4% impact from the 53rd week) and 3% from the reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding, largely due to the repurchase of common stock under our stock repurchase program. Financial Condition Liquidity and Capital Resources Our primary sources of funds for our business activities are cash flows from operations and short-term trade credit. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. We also use cash to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to pay dividends, and for the repayment of debt as it becomes due. ($ millions) 2018   2017  1   2016  1 Cash provided by operating activities $ 2,066.7   $ 1,681.3   $ 1,558.9 Cash used in investing activities (410.4 )   (354.8 )   (296.2 ) Cash used in financing activities (1,531.5 )   (1,149.4 )   (916.1 ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents $ 124.8   $ 177.1   $ 346.6 1  As the result of the adoption of ASU 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flow (Topic 230): Restricted Cash , the prior year amounts were retrospectively adjusted. See Note A. Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was  $2,066.7 million ,  $1,681.3 million , and  $1,558.9 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively, and was primarily driven by net earnings excluding non-cash expenses for depreciation and amortization and for deferred taxes. Our primary source of operating cash flow is the sale of our merchandise inventory. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in  2018  compared to fiscal  2017  was primarily driven by higher earnings, the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year, and lower income tax payments. The timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in  higher  accounts payable leverage (defined as accounts payable divided by merchandise inventory) which was  67% ,  65% , and  68%  as of  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017 , respectively.  The increase in cash flow from operating activities in fiscal  2017  compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by higher earnings, partially offset by the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus the prior year, and by the timing of income taxes payments.  As a regular part of our business, packaway inventory levels will vary over time based on availability of compelling merchandise purchase opportunities in the marketplace. Packaway merchandise is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. As such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but  26 typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. Changes in packaway inventory levels impact our operating cash flow. At the end of fiscal  2018 , packaway inventory was  46%  of total inventory compared to  49%  and  49%  at the end of fiscal  2017  and  2016 , respectively.  Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was  $410.4 million ,  $354.8 million , and  $296.2 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. The increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal  2018  compared to fiscal  2017  and fiscal  2016  was primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures. In fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , our capital expenditures were  $413.9 million ,  $371.4 million , and  $297.9 million , respectively. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers, and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, and corporate offices. We opened  99 ,  96 , and  93  new stores in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively.  In November 2017, we entered into a sale-leaseback transaction for one of our previously owned stores and received net cash proceeds of $16.0 million, recognized a gain on sale of $6.3 million, and deferred the residual $7.5 million gain over the remaining ten-year lease term. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: ($ millions)   2018   2017   2016 New stores   $ 134.5   $ 137.1   $ 117.7 Existing stores   130.5   126.0   90.3 Information systems, corporate, and other   84.9   66.4   48.5 Distribution and transportation   64.0   41.9   41.4 Total capital expenditures   $ 413.9   $ 371.4   $ 297.9 We are forecasting approximately  $600 million  in capital expenditures for fiscal year  2019  to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, initial investment in our next distribution center, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations.  Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities was  $1,531.5 million , $1,149.4 million, and  $916.1 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. During fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations. In February 2017, our Board of Directors approved a two-year $1.75 billion stock repurchase program through fiscal 2018. In March 2018, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the stock repurchase authorization for fiscal 2018 by $200 million to $1.075 billion, up from the previously available $875 million.  We repurchased  12.5 million ,  13.5 million , and  11.6 million  shares of common stock for aggregate purchase prices of approximately  $1,075 million ,  $875 million , and  $700 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. We also acquired  0.7 million ,  0.7 million , and  0.7 million  shares in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively, of treasury stock from our employee stock equity compensation programs, for aggregate purchase prices of approximately  $54.4 million ,  $45.4 million , and  $43.3 million  during fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively.  27 In March 2019, our Board of Directors approved a new, two-year $2.55 billion stock repurchase program through fiscal 2020. On  March 5, 2019 , our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of  $0.255  per common share, payable on  March 29, 2019 . Our Board of Directors declared cash dividends of  $0.225  per common share in  March, May, August, and November 2018 , cash dividends of  $0.160  per common share in  February, May, August, and November 2017 , and cash dividends of  $0.135  per common share in  March, May, August, and November 2016 .  During fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , we paid dividends of  $337.2 million ,  $247.5 million , and  $214.6 million , respectively. On December 13, 2018, we repaid at maturity the $85 million principal amount of the Series A 6.38% unsecured Senior Notes. Short-term trade credit represents a significant source of financing for merchandise inventory. Trade credit arises from customary payment terms and trade practices with our vendors. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in  2019 . Our existing  $600 million  unsecured revolving credit facility expires in  April 2021  and contains a  $300 million  sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit (subject to increase in proportion to any increase in the size of the credit facility). The facility also contains an option allowing us to increase the size of our revolving credit facility by up to an additional $200 million, with the agreement of the lenders. Interest on any borrowings under this facility is based on LIBOR plus an applicable margin (currently 100 basis points) and is payable quarterly and upon maturity. As of  February 2, 2019 , we had no borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding on this facility and our $600 million credit facility remains in place and available.  The revolving credit facility is subject to a financial leverage ratio covenant. As of  February 2, 2019 , we were in compliance with this covenant. We estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. Contractual Obligations The table below presents our significant contractual obligations as of  February 2, 2019 :   Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   After 5 years   Total¹ ($000)         Senior notes $ —   $ 65,000   $ —   $ 250,000   $ 315,000 Interest payment obligations 12,682   25,364   16,875   8,438   63,359 Operating leases (rent obligations) 549,929   1,067,555   750,137   621,057   2,988,678 New York buying office ground lease² 5,883   12,835   13,898   954,616   987,232 Purchase obligations 2,528,656   33,405   8,546   806   2,571,413 Total contractual obligations $ 3,097,150   $ 1,204,159   $ 789,456   $ 1,834,917   $ 6,925,682 1 We have a  $77.9 million  liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in Other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. This liability is excluded from the schedule above as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated. ²Our New York buying office building is subject to a 99-year ground lease. Senior notes.  As of  February 2, 2019 , we had outstanding unsecured 3.375% Senior Notes due September 2024 with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million. Interest on the 2024 Notes is payable semi-annually. As of  February 2, 2019 , we also had outstanding Series B unsecured Senior Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $65 million, held by various institutional investors. The Series B notes are due in December 2021 and bear interest at a rate of 6.53%. Borrowings under these Senior Notes are subject to certain financial covenants, including interest coverage and other financial ratios. As of  February 2, 2019 , we were in compliance with those covenants.  28 The 2024 Notes, and Series B Senior Notes are subject to prepayment penalties for early payment of principal.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Operating leases . We currently lease all but  two  of our store locations.  We also lease five warehouse facilities and two buying offices. In addition, we have a ground lease related to our New York buying office. Except for certain leasehold improvements and equipment, these leased locations do not represent long-term capital investments. Two of our leased warehouses are in Carlisle, Pennsylvania with leases expiring in  2019  and  2020 , one is in Fort Mill, South Carolina, with the lease expiring in  2024 , one is in Rock Hill, South Carolina, with the lease expiring in 2028, and one is in Shafter, California, with the lease expiring in 2029. All of the warehouse leases contain renewal provisions.  We currently lease approximately  103,000  and  5,000  square feet of office space for our Los Angeles and Boston buying offices, respectively. The lease terms for these facilities expire in  2022  and  2020 , respectively, and contain renewal provisions. Purchase obligations.  As of  February 2, 2019  we had purchase obligations of approximately  $2.6 billion . These purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, store fixtures and supplies, and information technology services, transportation, and maintenance contracts.  Standby letters of credit and collateral trust.  We use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility in addition to a funded trust to collateralize our insurance obligations. As of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , we had  $7.3 million  and  $8.7 million , respectively, in standby letters of credit outstanding and  $58.3 million  and  $57.1 million , respectively, in a collateral trust. The standby letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash and the collateral trust consists of restricted cash, cash equivalents, and investments. Trade letters of credit.  We had  $13.3 million  and  $20.7 million  in trade letters of credit outstanding at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively. Effects of inflation or deflation.  We do not consider the effects of inflation or deflation to be material to our financial position and results of operations. Other Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. These estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and on various other factors that management believes to be reasonable. We believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies.  In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”), with no need for management’s judgment in their application. There are also areas in which management’s judgment in selecting one alternative accounting principle over another would not produce a materially different result. See our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which contain descriptions of our accounting policies and other disclosures required by GAAP. Merchandise inventory.   Our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined using a weighted average basis) or net realizable value. We purchase inventory that can either be shipped to stores or processed as packaway merchandise with the intent that it will be warehoused and released to stores at a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the Company’s store merchandise assortment plans. As such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. Packaway inventory accounted for approximately  46% ,  49% , and  49%  of total inventories as of  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017 , respectively. Merchandise inventory includes acquisition, processing, and storage costs related to packaway inventory. 29 Included in the carrying value of our merchandise inventory is a provision for shortage. The shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as evaluated through our annual physical merchandise inventory counts and cycle counts. If actual market conditions, markdowns, or shortage are less favorable than those projected by us, or if sales of the merchandise inventory are more difficult than anticipated, additional merchandise inventory write-downs may be required. Long-lived assets.   We review our long-lived assets for a potential impairment charge when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based on estimated future cash flows. If analysis of the undiscounted cash flow of an asset group was less than the carrying value of the asset group, an impairment loss would be recognized to write the asset group down to its fair value. If our actual results differ materially from projected results, an impairment charge may be required in the future. In the course of performing our annual analysis, we determined that no long-lived asset impairment charge was required for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , or  2016 . Lease accounting.   When a lease contains “rent holidays” or requires fixed escalations of the minimum lease payments, we record rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and the difference between the average rental amount charged to expense and the amount payable under the lease is recorded as deferred rent. We begin recording rent expense on the lease possession date. Tenant improvement allowances are amortized over the lease term. Changes in deferred rent and tenant improvement allowances are included as a component of operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See "Recently issued accounting standards" below. Insurance obligations.   We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risk management activities, including workers’ compensation, general liability, and employee-related health care benefits. Our self-insurance and deductible liability is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. Should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what is estimated or the costs of medical care increase beyond what was anticipated, our recorded reserves may not be sufficient and additional charges could be required. Income taxes.   We account for our uncertain tax positions in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 740. We are required to make assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. Our policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to all tax positions in income tax expense. To the extent that accrued interest and penalties do not ultimately become payable, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision in the period that such determination is made. Recently issued accounting standards.  We consider the applicability and impact of all ASUs issued by the   FASB. ASUs not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated financial results. In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , as amended. The ASU requires balance sheet recognition for all leases with lease terms greater than one year including a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee’s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. We plan to adopt the new leases standard effective February 3, 2019 using the optional transition method on a modified retrospective basis by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and do not plan to restate comparative periods. In addition, we do not plan to elect the transitional package of practical expedients or the use of hindsight upon adoption. Upon the adoption of the ASU, we do not expect to record a right-of-use asset and related lease liability for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, and plan to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. We are finalizing the expected effect adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. Our current estimate of lease liabilities based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments, using discount rates as of the effective date, and the corresponding right-of-use assets, is approximately $2.9 billion. The expected cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings is a decrease of approximately $20 million primarily related to the write-off of previously capitalized initial direct costs that are no longer capitalized under the ASU, partially offset by the write-off of the deferred gain on a previous sale-leaseback transaction that meets the sale definition under the ASU. We do not believe adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact to our consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows. 30 Recently adopted accounting standards.   In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Accounting Standards Codification "ASC" 606) which, along with subsequent amendments, supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in “Revenue Recognition (ASC 605).” This guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized and requires entities to recognize revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. We adopted ASC 606 as of February 4, 2018, using the modified retrospective method. Results for reporting periods beginning on or after February 4, 2018 are presented under ASC 606, while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605. Upon adoption of ASC 606, we recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to increase beginning retained earnings by  $20 million  as of February 4, 2018, primarily due to the change in the timing of the recognition of stored value card breakage. The impact of applying ASC 606 was not material to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended  February 2, 2019 . In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) : Restricted Cash. ASU 2016-18 requires restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the total beginning and ending amounts on the statement of cash flows. The standard also requires companies who report cash and restricted cash separately on the balance sheet to reconcile those amounts to the statement of cash flows. We adopted ASU 2016-18 as of February 4, 2018, using the retrospective method. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 provides for changes to accounting for stock compensation including 1) excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share based payment awards will be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the reporting period in which they occur (previously such amounts were recognized in additional paid-in capital); 2) excess tax benefits will be classified as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows; and 3) the option to elect to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they occur. The impact of recording excess tax benefits in income taxes in our consolidated statement of earnings may be material, depending upon our future stock price on vest date in relation to the fair value of awards on grant date and our future grants of stock-based compensation.  We adopted ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and elected to apply this adoption prospectively, except for forfeitures which we adopted on a modified retrospective basis.  Accordingly, prior periods have not been adjusted. As a result of adoption, for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2018, we recognized  $16.3 million  of excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments as a reduction to our provision for income taxes.  These items were historically recorded in additional paid-in capital.  We also presented cash flows related to excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and elected to account for forfeitures as incurred beginning on January 29, 2017.  The impact of this accounting policy election for forfeitures was a cumulative-effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings by  $1.1 million  as of January 29, 2017. Forward-Looking Statements Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal  2018 , and information we provide in our Annual Report to Stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications including those on our corporate website, may contain a number of forward-looking statements regarding, without limitation, planned store growth, new markets, expected sales, projected earnings levels, capital expenditures, and other matters. These forward-looking statements reflect our then current beliefs, projections, and estimates with respect to future events and our projected financial performance, operations, and competitive position. The words “plan,” “expect,” “target,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “forecast,” “projected,” “guidance,” “looking ahead,” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Future economic and industry trends that could potentially impact revenue, profitability, and growth remain difficult to predict. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and our previous expectations and projections. Refer to Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of risk factors for Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS. The factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change. As a result, any forecasts or forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are given and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements. 31 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risks, which primarily include changes in interest rates. We do not engage in financial transactions for trading or speculative purposes. We occasionally use forward contracts to hedge against fluctuations in foreign currency prices. We had no outstanding forward contracts as of  February 2, 2019 . Interest that is payable on our revolving credit facility is based on variable interest rates and is, therefore, affected by changes in market interest rates. As of  February 2, 2019 , we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. As of  February 2, 2019 , we have one outstanding series of unsecured 6.53% Series B Senior Notes due December 2021 with an aggregate principal amount of $65 million. We also have unsecured 3.375% Senior Notes due September 2024 with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million. Interest that is payable on our Senior Notes is based on fixed interest rates and is therefore unaffected by changes in market interest rates.  Interest is receivable on our short- and long-term investments. Changes in interest rates may impact interest income recognized in the future, or the fair value of our investment portfolio. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in prevailing market interest rates would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or the fair values of our short- and long-term investments as of and for the year ended  February 2, 2019 . We do not consider the potential losses in future earnings and cash flows from reasonably possible, near-term changes in interest rates to be material. 32 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Consolidated Statements of Earnings     Year Ended   Year Ended   Year Ended ($000, except per share data)   February 2, 2019   February 3, 2018   January 28, 2017 Sales   $ 14,983,541   $ 14,134,732   $ 12,866,757               Costs and Expenses             Cost of goods sold   10,726,277   10,042,638   9,173,705 Selling, general and administrative   2,216,550   2,043,698   1,890,408 Interest (income) expense, net   (10,162 )   7,676   16,488 Total costs and expenses   12,932,665   12,094,012   11,080,601               Earnings before taxes   2,050,876   2,040,720   1,786,156 Provision for taxes on earnings   463,419   677,967   668,502 Net earnings   $ 1,587,457   $ 1,362,753   $ 1,117,654               Earnings per share             Basic   $ 4.30   $ 3.58   $ 2.85 Diluted   $ 4.26   $ 3.55   $ 2.83                             Weighted average shares outstanding (000)             Basic   369,533   381,174   392,124 Diluted   372,678   384,329   394,958               The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 33 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income     Year Ended   Year Ended   Year Ended ($000)   February 2, 2019   February 3, 2018   January 28, 2017 Net earnings   $ 1,587,457   $ 1,362,753   $ 1,117,654               Other comprehensive income (loss):             Change in unrealized loss on investments, net of tax   (27 )   (64 )   (91 ) Comprehensive income   $ 1,587,430   $ 1,362,689   $ 1,117,563 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 34 Consolidated Balance Sheets ($000, except share data) February 2, 2019   February 3, 2018 Assets       Current Assets       Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,412,912   $ 1,290,294 Short-term investments —   512 Accounts receivable 96,711   87,868 Merchandise inventory 1,750,442   1,641,735 Prepaid expenses and other 143,954   130,748 Total current assets 3,404,019   3,151,157         Property and Equipment       Land and buildings 1,126,051   1,109,173 Fixtures and equipment 2,783,198   2,603,318 Leasehold improvements 1,175,921   1,093,634 Construction-in-progress 171,538   102,054   5,256,708   4,908,179 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 2,781,507   2,525,715 Property and equipment, net 2,475,201   2,382,464         Long-term investments 125   712 Other long-term assets 194,346   187,718 Total assets $ 6,073,691   $ 5,722,051         Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity       Current Liabilities       Accounts payable $ 1,177,104   $ 1,059,844 Accrued expenses and other 431,596   431,706 Accrued payroll and benefits 363,035   349,879 Income taxes payable 37,749   — Current portion of long-term debt —   84,973 Total current liabilities 2,009,484   1,926,402         Long-term debt 312,440   311,994 Other long-term liabilities 321,713   348,541 Deferred income taxes 124,308   85,806         Commitments and contingencies           Stockholders’ Equity       Common stock, par value $.01 per share 3,682   3,796 Authorized 1,000,000,000 shares       Issued and outstanding 368,242,000 and       379,618,000 shares, respectively       Additional paid-in capital 1,375,965   1,292,364 Treasury stock (372,663 )   (318,279 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income —   27 Retained earnings 2,298,762   2,071,400 Total stockholders’ equity 3,305,746   3,049,308 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 6,073,691   $ 5,722,051 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 35 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity             Additional paid-in capital       Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)             Common stock     Treasury stock     Retained earnings     (000)   Shares     Amount           Total Balance at January 30, 2016   402,339   $ 4,023   $ 1,122,329   $ (229,525 )   $ 182   $ 1,574,982   $ 2,471,991 Net earnings   —   —   —   —   —   1,117,654   1,117,654 Unrealized investment loss, net   —   —   —   —   (91 )   —   (91 ) Common stock issued under stock                             plans, net of shares                             used for tax withholding   1,192   12   18,527   (43,321 )   —   —   (24,782 ) Tax benefit from equity issuance   —   —   23,331   —   —   —   23,331 Stock-based compensation   —   —   74,554   —   —   —   74,554 Common stock repurchased   (11,638 )   (116 )   (23,026 )   —   —   (676,858 )   (700,000 ) Dividends declared ($0.540 per share)   —   —   —   —   —   (214,640 )   (214,640 ) Balance at January 28, 2017   391,893   $ 3,919   $ 1,215,715   $ (272,846 )   $ 91   $ 1,801,138   $ 2,748,017 Net earnings   —   —   —   —   —   1,362,753   1,362,753 Cumulative effect of adoption of                              accounting standard                              (stock-compensation), net   —   —   1,789   —   —   (1,113 )   676 Unrealized investment loss, net   —   —   —   —   (64 )   —   (64 ) Common stock issued under stock                             plans, net of shares                             used for tax withholding   1,214   12   18,456   (45,433 )   —   —   (26,965 ) Stock-based compensation   —   —   87,417   —   —   —   87,417 Common stock repurchased   (13,489 )   (135 )   (31,013 )   —   —   (843,852 )   (875,000 ) Dividends declared ($0.640 per share)   —   —   —   —   —   (247,526 )   (247,526 ) Balance at February 3, 2018   379,618   $ 3,796   $ 1,292,364   $ (318,279 )   $ 27   $ 2,071,400   $ 3,049,308 Net earnings   —   —   —   —   —   1,587,457   1,587,457 Cumulative effect of adoption of                              accounting standard                             (revenue recognition), net   —   —   —   —   —   19,884   19,884 Unrealized investment loss, net   —   —   —   —   (27 )   —   (27 ) Common stock issued under stock                             plans, net of shares                             used for tax withholding   1,097   11   20,101   (54,384 )   —   —   (34,272 ) Stock-based compensation   —   —   95,585   —   —   —   95,585 Common stock repurchased   (12,473 )   (125 )   (32,085 )   —   —   (1,042,790 )   (1,075,000 ) Dividends declared ($0.900 per share)   —   —   —   —   —   (337,189 )   (337,189 ) Balance at February 2, 2019   368,242   $ 3,682   $ 1,375,965   $ (372,663 )   $ —   $ 2,298,762   $ 3,305,746 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.     36 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows     Year Ended   Year Ended   Year Ended ($000)   February 2, 2019   February 3, 2018  1   January 28, 2017  1 Cash Flows From Operating Activities             Net earnings   $ 1,587,457   $ 1,362,753   $ 1,117,654 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities:           Depreciation and amortization   330,357   313,163   302,515 Stock-based compensation   95,585   87,417   74,554 Gain on sale of assets   —   (6,328 )   — Deferred income taxes   31,777   (34,903 )   (8,703 ) Change in assets and liabilities:           Merchandise inventory   (108,707 )   (128,849 )   (93,782 ) Other current assets   (22,044 )   (31,796 )   (928 ) Accounts payable   110,483   41,322   83,085 Other current liabilities   74,829   49,068   76,676 Other long-term, net   (33,060 )   29,491   7,830 Net cash provided by operating activities   2,066,677   1,681,338   1,558,901               Cash Flows From Investing Activities             Additions to property and equipment   (413,898 )   (371,423 )   (297,880 ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment   —   15,981   — Proceeds from investments   3,489   687   1,700 Net cash used in investing activities   (410,409 )   (354,755 )   (296,180 )               Cash Flows From Financing Activities             Payment of long-term debt   (85,000 )   —   — Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation   —   —   23,331 Issuance of common stock related to stock plans   20,112   18,468   18,539 Treasury stock purchased   (54,384 )   (45,433 )   (43,321 ) Repurchase of common stock   (1,075,000 )   (875,000 )   (700,000 ) Dividends paid   (337,189 )   (247,526 )   (214,640 ) Net cash used in financing activities   (1,531,461 )   (1,149,491 )   (916,091 )               Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents   124,807   177,092   346,630               Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents:             Beginning of year  1    1,353,272   1,176,180   829,550 End of year   $ 1,478,079   $ 1,353,272   $ 1,176,180               Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures             Interest paid   $ 18,105   $ 18,105   $ 18,105 Income taxes paid   $ 427,930   $ 714,566   $ 628,441                             1  As the result of the adoption of ASU 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flow (Topic 230): Restricted Cash , the prior year amounts were retrospectively adjusted to include restricted cash and cash equivalents. See Note A. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 37 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note A: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Business.   Ross Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) is an off-price retailer of first-quality, in-season, name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family. At the end of fiscal  2018 , the Company operated  1,480  Ross Dress for Less ®  (“Ross”) locations in  38 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam , and  237  dd’s DISCOUNTS ®  stores in  18 states . The Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS stores are supported by  six  distribution centers. The Company’s headquarters, one buying office, three operating distribution centers, three warehouses, and  23%  of its stores are located in California. Segment reporting.   The Company has one reportable segment. The Company’s operations include only activities related to off-price retailing in stores throughout the United States. Basis of presentation and fiscal year.   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned. Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. The Company follows the National Retail Federation fiscal calendar and utilizes a 52-53 week fiscal year whereby the fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31. The fiscal years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018  and  January 28, 2017  are referred to as fiscal  2018 , fiscal  2017 , and fiscal  2016 , respectively. Fiscal 2017 was a 53-week year.  Fiscal 2018 and 2016 were each 52-week years.  Use of accounting estimates.   The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”) requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company’s significant accounting estimates include valuation reserves for inventory shortage, packaway inventory costs, useful lives of fixed assets, insurance reserves, reserves for uncertain tax positions, and legal claims. Purchase obligations.   As of  February 2, 2019 , the Company had purchase obligations of approximately  $2.6 billion . These purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, store fixtures and supplies, and information technology services, transportation, and maintenance contracts.  Cash and cash equivalents.   Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid, fixed income instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less. Restricted cash, cash equivalents, and investments.  Restricted cash, cash equivalents, and investments serve as collateral for certain insurance obligations of the Company. These restricted funds are invested in bank deposits, money market mutual funds, U.S. Government and agency securities, and corporate securities and cannot be withdrawn from the Company’s account without the prior written consent of the secured parties. The classification between current and long-term is based on the timing of expected payments of the insurance obligations. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets that reconcile to the amounts shown on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: ($000) 2018 2017   2016 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,412,912 $ 1,290,294   $ 1,111,599 Restricted cash and cash equivalents included in:     Prepaid expenses and other 11,402 9,412   12,936 Other long-term assets 53,765 53,566   51,645 Total restricted cash and cash equivalents 65,167 62,978   64,581 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents $ 1,478,079 $ 1,353,272   $ 1,176,180               38 In addition to the restricted cash and equivalents in the table above, the Company has restricted investments included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as shown below: Restricted Assets ($000)   2018   2017 Prepaid expenses and other   $ 400   $ 2,435 Other long-term assets   —   403 Total restricted investments   $ 400 $ 2,838 Estimated fair value of financial instruments.  The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, short- and long-term investments, restricted cash and cash equivalents, restricted investments, accounts receivable, other long-term assets, accounts payable, and other long-term liabilities approximates their estimated fair value. See Note B and Note D for additional fair value information. Cash and cash equivalents were  $1,412.9 million  and  $1,290.3 million , at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively, and include bank deposits and money market funds for which the fair value was determined using quoted prices for identical assets in active markets, which are considered to be Level 1 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosures guidance. Investments.   The Company’s investments are comprised of various debt securities. At  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , these investments were classified as available-for-sale and are stated at fair value. Investments are classified as either short- or long-term based on their maturity dates and the Company’s intent. Investments with a maturity of less than one year are classified as short-term. See Note B for additional information. Merchandise inventory.   Merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined using a weighted average basis) or net realizable value. The Company purchases inventory that can either be shipped to stores or processed as packaway merchandise with the intent that it will be warehoused and released to stores at a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to the stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the Company’s store merchandise assortment plans. As such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage less than  six months . Merchandise inventory includes acquisition, processing, and storage costs related to packaway inventory. The cost of the Company’s merchandise inventory is reduced by valuation reserves for shortage based on historical shortage experience from the Company’s physical merchandise inventory counts and cycle counts. Cost of goods sold.   In addition to   product costs, the Company includes in cost of goods sold its buying, distribution, and freight expenses as well as occupancy costs, and depreciation and amortization related to the Company’s retail stores, buying, and distribution facilities. Buying expenses include costs to procure merchandise inventories. Distribution expenses include the cost of operating the Company’s distribution centers and warehouse facilities. Property and equipment.   Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, typically ranging from three to 12 years for equipment, 20 to 40 years for land improvements and buildings, and three to seven years for computer software costs incurred in developing or obtaining software for internal use. The cost of leasehold improvements is amortized over the useful life of the asset or the applicable lease term, whichever is less. Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was $ 330.4 million ,  $313.2 million , and  $302.5 million  for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. The Company capitalizes interest during the construction period and during the development and implementation phase of software projects. Interest capitalized was  $2.5 million ,  $0.7 million  and  $0.0 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. As of  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017  the Company had  $33.7 million ,  $24.3 million , and  $25.7 million , respectively, of property and equipment purchased but not yet paid. These purchases are included in Property and Equipment and in Accounts payable and Accrued expenses and other in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 39 Other long-term assets.   Other long-term assets as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  consisted of the following: ($000)   2018   2017 Deferred compensation (Note B)   $ 124,558   $ 120,613 Restricted cash and investments   53,765   53,969 Other   16,023   13,136 Total   $ 194,346   $ 187,718 Property and other long-term assets that are subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Intangible assets that are not subject to amortization, including goodwill, are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Based on the Company’s evaluation during fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , no impairment charges were recorded. Store closures.   The Company continually reviews the operating performance of individual stores. For stores that are closed, the Company records a liability for future minimum lease payments net of estimated sublease recoveries and related ancillary costs at the time the liability is incurred. The lease loss liability was  $0.2 million  and  $0.6 million , as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively. Operating costs, including depreciation, of stores to be closed are expensed during the period they remain in use. In fiscal  2018 , the Company closed  four  stores. In fiscal  2017 , the Company closed  seven  stores.  Accounts payable.   Accounts payable represents amounts owed to third parties at the end of the period. Accounts payable includes book cash overdrafts (checks issued under zero balance accounts not yet presented for payment) in excess of cash balances in such accounts of approximately  $83.2 million  and  $74.5 million  at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively. The Company includes the change in book cash overdrafts in operating cash flows. Insurance obligations.   The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risk management activities, including workers’ compensation, general liability, and employee-related health care benefits. The self-insurance and deductible liability is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Self-insurance and deductible reserves as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  consisted of the following: ($000)   2018   2017 Workers’ compensation   $ 89,993   $ 94,430 General liability   42,877   40,763 Medical plans   6,515   6,725 Total   $ 139,385   $ 141,918 Workers’ compensation and self-insured medical plan liabilities are included in Accrued payroll and benefits and accruals for general liability are included in Accrued expenses and other in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Other long-term liabilities.   Other long-term liabilities as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  consisted of the following: ($000)   2018   2017 Income taxes (Note F)   $ 77,872   $ 120,660 Deferred compensation (Note G)   124,558   120,613 Deferred rent   81,442   73,059 Tenant improvement allowances   25,418   21,668 Other   12,423   12,541 Total   $ 321,713   $ 348,541 40 Lease accounting.   When a lease contains “rent holidays” or requires fixed escalations of the minimum lease payments, the Company records rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and the difference between the average rental amount charged to expense and the amount payable under the lease is recorded as deferred rent. The Company begins recording rent expense on the lease possession date. Tenant improvement allowances are amortized over the lease term. Changes in deferred rent and tenant improvement allowances are included as a component of operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Revenue recognition.   The Company recognizes revenue at the point of sale, net of sales taxes collected and an allowance for estimated future returns. As a result of adopting ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Accounting Standards Codification "ASC" 606),  the Company recognizes allowances for estimated sales returns on a gross basis as a reduction to sales. This resulted in an asset recorded for the expected recovery of merchandise inventory of  $10.2 million  and a liability recorded for the refund due to the customer of  $19.8 million  as of February 2, 2019. Prior to the adoption of ASC 606, the Company recognized allowances for sales returns on a net margin basis, which was  $9.9 million  and  $8.4 million  as of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, respectively. Sales taxes collected that are outstanding and the allowance for estimated future returns are included in Accrued expenses and other and the asset for expected recovery of merchandise is included in Prepaid expenses and other in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sales of stored value cards are deferred until they are redeemed for the purchase of Company merchandise. The Company’s stored value cards do not have expiration dates. Based upon historical redemption rates, a small percentage of stored value cards will never be redeemed, which represents breakage. As a result of adopting ASC 606, breakage is estimated and recognized as revenue based upon the historical pattern of customer redemptions. In prior periods, breakage was recorded as a reduction of operating expense when customer redemption was considered remote. Breakage was not material to the consolidated financial statements in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 . The following sales mix table disaggregates revenue by merchandise category for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 :   2018   2017   2016 Ladies   26 %   27 %   28 % Home Accents and Bed and Bath   26 %   26 %   25 % Men ’ s   14 %   13 %   13 % Accessories, Lingerie, Fine Jewelry, and Fragrances   13 %   13 %   13 % Shoes   13 %   13 %   13 % Children ’ s   8 %   8 %   8 % Total   100 %   100 %   100 %             Store pre-opening.   Store pre-opening costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising.   Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Advertising costs for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  were  $79.9 million ,  $76.4 million , and  $73.0 million , respectively. Stock-based compensation.   The Company recognizes compensation expense based upon the grant date fair value of all stock-based awards, typically over the vesting period. See Note C for more information on the Company’s stock-based compensation plans. Taxes on earnings.   The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, “Accounting for Income Taxes,” which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company’s consolidated financial statements or tax returns. In estimating future tax consequences, the Company generally considers all expected future events other than changes in the tax law or tax rates. ASC 740 clarifies the criteria that an individual tax position must satisfy for some or all of the benefits of that position to be recognized in a company’s consolidated financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold of more-likely-than-not, and a measurement standard for all tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return, in order for those tax positions to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. See Note F. Treasury stock.   The Company records treasury stock at cost. Treasury stock includes shares purchased from employees for tax withholding purposes related to vesting of restricted stock grants. 41 Earnings per share   (“EPS”).   The Company computes and reports both basic EPS and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net earnings by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS reflects the total potential dilution that could occur from outstanding equity plan awards, including unexercised stock options and unvested shares of both performance and non-performance based awards of restricted stock. In fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  there were  23,700 ,  2,800 , and  2,500  weighted average shares, respectively, that were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for those years.  The following is a reconciliation of the number of shares (denominator) used in the basic and diluted EPS computations: Shares in (000s)   Basic EPS   Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents   Diluted EPS 2018             Shares   369,533   3,145   372,678 Amount   $ 4.30   $ (0.04 )   $ 4.26 2017             Shares   381,174   3,155   384,329 Amount   $ 3.58   $ (0.03 )   $ 3.55 2016             Shares   392,124   2,834   394,958 Amount   $ 2.85   $ (0.02 )   $ 2.83 Comprehensive income.  Comprehensive income includes net earnings and components of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, consisting of unrealized investment gains or losses.  Recently issued accounting standards.  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  as amended .  The ASU requires balance sheet recognition for all leases with lease terms greater than one year including a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee’s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The Company plans to adopt the new leases standard effective February 3, 2019 using the optional transition method on a modified retrospective basis by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and does not plan to restate comparative periods. In addition, the Company does not plan to elect the transitional package of practical expedients or the use of hindsight upon adoption. Upon the adoption of the ASU, the Company does not expect to record a right-of-use asset and related lease liability for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, and plans to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. The Company is finalizing the expected effect adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. The Company’s current estimate of lease liabilities based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments, using discount rates as of the effective date, and the corresponding right-of-use assets, is approximately  $2.9 billion . The expected cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings is a decrease of approximately  $20 million  primarily related to the write-off of previously capitalized initial direct costs that are no longer capitalized under the ASU, partially offset by the write-off of the deferred gain on a previous sale-leaseback transaction that meets the sale definition under the ASU. The Company does not believe adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact to its consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows. 42 Recently adopted accounting standards.  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Accounting Standards Codification "ASC" 606) which, along with subsequent amendments, supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in “Revenue Recognition (ASC 605).” This guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized and requires entities to recognize revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company adopted ASC 606 as of February 4, 2018, using the modified retrospective method. Results for reporting periods beginning on or after February 4, 2018 are presented under ASC 606, while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605. Upon adoption of ASC 606, the Company recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to increase beginning retained earnings by  $20 million  as of February 4, 2018, primarily due to the change in the timing of the recognition of stored value card breakage. The impact of applying ASC 606 was not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended February 2, 2019. In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash . ASU 2016-18 requires restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the total beginning and ending amounts on the statement of cash flows. The standard also requires companies who report cash and restricted cash separately on the balance sheet to reconcile those amounts to the statement of cash flows. The Company adopted ASU 2016-18 as of February 4, 2018, using the retrospective method. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 provides for changes to accounting for stock compensation including 1) excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share based payment awards will be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the reporting period in which they occur (previously such amounts were recognized in additional paid-in capital); 2) excess tax benefits will be classified as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows; and 3) the option to elect to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they occur. The impact of recording excess tax benefits in income taxes in the Company's consolidated statement of earnings may be material, depending upon the Company's future stock price on vest date in relation to the fair value of awards on grant date and the future grants of stock-based compensation.  The Company adopted ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and elected to apply this adoption prospectively, except for forfeitures which it adopted on a modified retrospective basis.  Accordingly, prior periods have not been adjusted. As a result of adoption, for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2018, the Company recognized  $16.3 million  of excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments as a reduction to its provision for income taxes.  These items were historically recorded in additional paid-in capital.  The Company also presented cash flows related to excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and elected to account for forfeitures as incurred beginning on January 29, 2017.  The impact of this accounting policy election for forfeitures was a cumulative-effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings by  $1.1 million  as of January 29, 2017. Note B: Investments and Restricted Investments Accounting standards pertaining to fair value measurements establish a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The inputs used to measure fair value include: Level 1, observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists. This fair value hierarchy requires the Company to develop its own assumptions and maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Corporate, U.S. government and agency, and mortgage-backed securities are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because these securities are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs. 43 There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 categories during the fiscal year ended  February 2, 2019 . The fair value of the Company’s financial instruments as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  are as follows: ($000)   2018   2017 Cash and cash equivalents  (Level 1)   $ 1,412,912   $ 1,290,294           Investments  (Level 2)   $ 125   $ 1,224           Restricted cash and cash equivalents  (Level 1)   $ 65,167   $ 62,978           Restricted investments  (Level 2)   $ 400   $ 2,838 The underlying assets in the Company’s non-qualified deferred compensation program as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  (included in Other long-term assets and in Other long-term liabilities) primarily consist of participant-directed money market, stable value, stock, and bond funds. The fair value measurement for funds with quoted market prices in active markets (Level 1) and for funds without quoted market prices in active markets (Level 2) are as follows: ($000) 2018   2017 Level 1 $ 114,181   $ 104,590 Level 2 10,377   16,023 Total $ 124,558   $ 120,613 Note C: Stock-Based Compensation For fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense as follows: ($000) 2018   2017   2016 Restricted stock $ 48,585   $ 44,356   $ 38,234 Performance awards 43,450   39,871   33,379 ESPP 3,550   3,190   2,941 Total $ 95,585   $ 87,417   $ 74,554 Capitalized stock-based compensation cost was not significant in any year. At  February 2, 2019 , the Company had  one  active stock-based compensation plan, which is further described in Note H. The Company recognizes expense for ESPP purchase rights equal to the value of the  15%  discount given on the purchase date. Total stock-based compensation recognized in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  is as follows: Statements of Earnings Classification ($000) 2018   2017   2016 Cost of goods sold $ 45,052   $ 41,067   $ 34,077 Selling, general and administrative 50,533   46,350   40,477 Total $ 95,585   $ 87,417   $ 74,554 The tax benefits related to stock-based compensation expense for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016   were  $19.6 million ,  $29.5 million , and  $25.9 million , respectively.  44 Note D: Debt Senior notes.  Unsecured senior debt, net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs, as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  consisted of the following: ($000)   2018   2017 6.38% Series A Senior Notes due 2018   $ —   $ 84,973 6.53% Series B Senior Notes due 2021   64,942   64,922 3.375% Senior Notes due 2024   247,498   247,072 Total long-term debt   $ 312,440   $ 396,967           Less: current portion   —   84,973 Total due beyond one year   $ 312,440   $ 311,994 As of  February 2, 2019 , the Company had outstanding unsecured  3.375%  Senior Notes due  September 2024  (the “2024 Notes”) with an aggregate principal amount of  $250 million . Interest on the 2024 Notes is payable semi-annually.  As of  February 2, 2019 , the Company also had outstanding Series B unsecured Senior Notes in the aggregate principal amount of  $65 million , held by various institutional investors. The Series B notes are due in  December 2021  and bear interest at a rate of  6.53% . Borrowings under these Senior Notes are subject to certain financial covenants, including interest coverage and other financial ratios. As of  February 2, 2019 , the Company was in compliance with these covenants.  On December 13, 2018, the Company repaid at maturity the  $85 million  principal amount of the Series A  6.38%  unsecured Senior Notes.  As of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , total unamortized discount and debt issuance costs were  $2.6 million  and  $3.0 million , respectively, and were classified as a reduction of long-term debt.  The 2024 Notes, and the Series B Senior Notes are subject to prepayment penalties for early payment of principal.  The aggregate fair value of the two outstanding series of Senior Notes was approximately  $316 million  as of February 2, 2019, compared to aggregate fair value of approximately  $411 million  for the three then outstanding series of Senior Notes as of  February 3, 2018  . The fair value is estimated by obtaining comparable market quotes which are considered to be Level 1 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosures guidance.  The following table shows scheduled annual principal payments on Long-term debt: ($000)       2019     $ — 2020     $ — 2021     $ 65,000 2022     $ — 2023     $ — Thereafter     $ 250,000 45 The table below shows the components of interest expense and income for fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 : ($000)   2018   2017   2016 Interest expense on long-term debt   $ 17,900   $ 18,578   $ 18,573 Other interest expense   1,004   979   1,022 Capitalized interest   (2,497 )   (710 )   (26 ) Interest income   (26,569 )   (11,171 )   (3,081 ) Interest (income) expense, net   $ (10,162 )   $ 7,676   $ 16,488 Revolving credit facility.  The Company’s existing  $600 million  unsecured revolving credit facility expires in  April 2021 , and contains a  $300 million  sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit (subject to increase in proportion to any increase in the size of the credit facility). The facility also contains an option allowing the Company to increase the size of its credit facility by up to an additional  $200 million , with the agreement of the lenders. Interest on any borrowings under this facility is based on LIBOR plus an applicable margin (currently  100  basis points) and is payable quarterly and upon maturity. As of  February 2, 2019 , the Company had  no  borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding under this facility and the  $600 million  credit facility remains in place and available.  The revolving credit facility is subject to a financial leverage ratio covenant. As of  February 2, 2019 , the Company was in compliance with this covenant. Standby letters of credit and collateral trust.  The Company uses standby letters of credit outside of its revolving credit facility in addition to a funded trust to collateralize its insurance obligations. As of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , the Company had  $7.3 million  and  $8.7 million , respectively, in standby letters of credit and  $58.3 million  and  $57.1 million , respectively, in a collateral trust. The standby letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash and the collateral trust consists of restricted cash, cash equivalents, and investments. Trade letters of credit.  The Company had  $13.3 million  and  $20.7 million  in trade letters of credit outstanding at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively. Note E: Leases The Company currently leases all but  two  of its store locations with original, non-cancelable terms that in general range from  three  to  ten  years. Store leases typically contain provisions for  three  to  four  renewal options of  five  years each. Most store leases also provide for minimum annual rentals and for payment of certain expenses. In addition, some store leases also have provisions for additional rent based on a percentage of sales.  In November 2017, the Company entered into a sale-leaseback transaction on one of its previously owned stores.  The Company received net cash proceeds of  $16.0 million , recognized a gain on sale of  $6.3 million , and deferred the residual  $7.5 million  gain over the remaining  ten -year lease term.  The Company leases  five  warehouses.  Two  of the warehouses are in Carlisle, Pennsylvania with leases expiring in  2019  and  2020 , one is in Fort Mill, South Carolina, with the lease expiring in  2024 , one is in Rock Hill, South Carolina, with the lease expiring in 2028, and one is in Shafter, California, with the lease expiring in 2029. All of the warehouse leases contain renewal provisions.  The Company leases approximately  103,000  and  5,000  square feet of office space for its Los Angeles and Boston buying offices, respectively. The lease term for these facilities expire in  2022  and  2020 , respectively, and contain renewal provisions. In addition, the Company has a ground lease related to its New York buying office.  46 The aggregate undiscounted future minimum annual lease payments under leases, including the ground lease related to the New York buying office, in effect at  February 2, 2019  are as follows: ($000)   Total operating leases 2019   $ 555,812 2020   580,712 2021   499,678 2022   424,695 2023   339,340 Thereafter   1,575,673 Total minimum lease payments   $ 3,975,910 Rent expense, including contingent rent and net of sublease income, was  $569.8 million ,  $532.4 million ,  and  $505.2 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. Contingent rent and sublease income was not significant in any year. Note F: Taxes on Earnings The provision for income taxes consisted of the following: ($000)   2018   2017   2016 Current             Federal   $ 357,170   $ 660,017   $ 632,872 State   74,472   52,853   44,333     431,642   712,870   677,205 Deferred             Federal   33,913   (40,468 )   (8,350 ) State   (2,136 )   5,565   (353 )     31,777   (34,903 )   (8,703 ) Total   $ 463,419   $ 677,967   $ 668,502 The provision for taxes for financial reporting purposes is different from the tax provision computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate. The differences are reconciled below:     2018   2017   2016 Federal income taxes at the statutory rate   21 %   34 %   35 % State income taxes (net of federal benefit) and other, net   3   2   2 Tax audit settlements   (1 )   —   — Impact of the Tax Act on deferred taxes   —   (3 )   — Total   23 %   33 %   37 % In November 2018, the Company resolved uncertain tax positions related to fiscal 2015 with the Internal Revenue Service. As a result, the Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately  $26.0 million  in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  In fiscal 2017, The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act” or "tax reform") was signed into law.  The Tax Act made significant changes to U.S. corporate taxation including reducing the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, the last month of fiscal 2017.  U.S. GAAP requires that the impact of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. The Company applied a blended U.S. federal income tax rate of approximately  34%  for fiscal 2017.  This reduced tax rate resulted in a tax benefit of  $24.9 million  in fiscal 2017.  The Company recorded an additional tax benefit of  $55.2 million  due to the remeasurement of its deferred tax assets  47 and liabilities in fiscal 2017.  As a result of the Tax Act, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118, Income Tax Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“SAB 118”), which provided guidance on accounting for the impact of the Tax Act. As permitted by SAB 118, the Company recorded provisional amounts for both current and deferred income taxes related to the reduced U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in fiscal 2017. The recorded provisional amounts totaling  $80.1 million  of tax benefit reflected assumptions made based upon the Company's interpretation of the Tax Act. The Company did not record any adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded in fiscal 2017. With the completion and filing of the 2017 federal return during the quarter ended November 3, 2018, the Company considered the deferred tax remeasurements and other adjustments related to the Tax Act to be complete. Also, in fiscal 2017, the Company adopted ASU 2016-09. Prior to adoption of ASU 2016-09, the Company realized tax benefits of  $23.3 million  in 2016, related to employee equity programs that were recorded in additional paid-in capital.  As a result of adopting ASU 2016-09, the Company realized tax benefits of  $12.6 million  and  $16.3 million  in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as a reduction to its provision for income taxes. The components of deferred taxes at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  are as follows: ($000)   2018   2017 Deferred Tax Assets         Accrued liabilities   $ 38,367   $ 46,489 Deferred compensation   30,886   28,094 Stock-based compensation   36,118   34,986 Deferred rent   19,824   18,013 State taxes and credits   20,310   20,206 Employee benefits   18,845   15,242 Other   1,412   5,224 Gross Deferred Tax Assets   165,762   168,254 Less:  Valuation allowance   (4,639 )   (4,659 ) Deferred Tax Assets   161,123   163,595           Deferred Tax Liabilities         Depreciation   (238,631 )   (217,332 ) Merchandise inventory   (25,686 )   (19,055 ) Supplies   (10,308 )   (9,529 ) Other   (10,806 )   (3,485 ) Deferred Tax Liabilities   (285,431 )   (249,401 ) Net Deferred Tax Liabilities   $ (124,308 )   $ (85,806 ) At the end of fiscal  2018  and  2017 , the Company’s state tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately  $13.6 million  and  $14.7 million , respectively. The state tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal  2019 . The Company has provided a valuation allowance of  $4.6 million  as of the end of fiscal  2018  for deferred tax assets related to state tax credits that are not expected to be realized. 48 The changes in amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (gross of federal tax benefits and excluding interest and penalties) at fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  are as follows: ($000)   2018   2017   2016 Unrecognized tax benefits - beginning of year   $ 98,666   $ 81,122   $ 75,372 Gross increases:             Tax positions in current period   14,722   26,837   12,394 Tax positions in prior period   1,843   —   2,897 Gross decreases:             Tax positions in prior periods   (40,600 )   (2,755 )   (3,231 ) Lapse of statutes of limitations   (8,584 )   (6,068 )   (6,310 ) Settlements   (260 )   (470 )   — Unrecognized tax benefits - end of year   $ 65,787   $ 98,666   $ 81,122 At the end of fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , the reserves for unrecognized tax benefits were  $78.8 million ,  $121.3 million , and  $98.6 million  inclusive of  $13.0 million ,  $22.6 million , and  $17.5 million  of related reserves for interest and penalties, respectively. In November 2018, the Company resolved uncertain tax positions related to fiscal 2015 with the Internal Revenue Service. As a result, the Company recognized a decrease in reserves for tax positions in prior periods of  $52.4 million , inclusive of  $12.6 million  of related reserves for interest and penalties. The Company accounts for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a part of its provision for taxes on earnings. If recognized,  $62.7 million  would impact the Company’s effective tax rate. The difference between the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits and the amounts that would impact the effective tax rate relates to amounts attributable to deferred tax assets and liabilities. These amounts are net of federal and state income taxes. It is reasonably possible that certain state tax matters may be concluded or statutes of limitations may lapse during the next twelve months. Accordingly, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to  $9.1 million . The Company is open to audit by the Internal Revenue Service under the statute of limitations for fiscal years  2015  through  2018 . The Company’s state income tax returns are generally open to audit under the various statutes of limitations for fiscal years  2014  through  2018 . Certain state tax returns are currently under audit by various tax authorities. The Company does not expect the results of these audits to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. Note G: Employee Benefit Plans The Company has a defined contribution plan that is available to certain employees. Under the plan, employee and Company contributions and accumulated plan earnings qualify for favorable tax treatment under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. This plan permits employees to make contributions up to the maximum limits allowable under the Internal Revenue Code. The Company matches up to  4%  of the employee’s salary up to the plan limits. Company matching contributions to the 401(k) plan were  $17.1 million ,  $15.4 million , and  $13.9 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. The Company also has an Incentive Compensation Plan which provides cash awards to key management and employees based on Company and individual performance. The Company also makes available to management a Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan which allows management to make payroll contributions on a pre-tax basis in addition to the 401(k) plan. Other long-term assets include  $124.6 million  and  $120.6 million  at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively, of long-term plan investments, at market value, set aside or designated for the Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (See Note B). Plan investments are designated by the participants, and investment returns are not guaranteed by the Company. The Company has a corresponding liability to participants of  $124.6 million  and  $120.6 million  at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively, included in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the Company has certain individuals who receive or will receive post-employment medical benefits. The estimated liability for these benefits of  $6.7 million  and  $7.3 million  is included in Accrued expenses and other in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , respectively.  49 Note H: Stockholders’ Equity Common stock.  In February 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a  two -year  $1.75 billion  stock repurchase program through fiscal 2018. In March 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors approved an increase in the stock repurchase authorization for fiscal 2018 by  $200 million  to  $1.075 billion , up from the previously available  $875 million . In March 2019, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new,  2 -year  $2.55 billion  stock repurchase program through fiscal 2020.  The following table summarizes the Company’s stock repurchase activity in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 : Fiscal Year   Shares repurchased (in millions)   Average repurchase  price   Repurchased   (in millions) 2018   12.5   $86.19   $1,075 2017   13.5   $64.87   $875 2016   11.6   $60.15   $700 Preferred stock.   The Company has  four million  shares of preferred stock authorized, with a par value of  $.01  per share.  No  preferred stock is issued or outstanding. Dividends.   On  March 5, 2019 , the Company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of  $0.255  per common share, payable on  March 29, 2019 . The Company’s Board of Directors declared cash dividends of  $0.225  per common share in  March, May, August, and November 2018 , cash dividends of  $0.160  per common share in  February, May, August, and November 2017 , and cash dividends of  $0.135  per common share in  March, May, August, and November 2016 . 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.  On May 17, 2017, the Company’s stockholders approved the Ross Stores, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”) which replaced the Company’s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (“Predecessor Plan”). The 2017 Plan, which was authorized to issue a maximum of  12.0 million  shares, was immediately effective upon approval and no further awards were granted under the Predecessor Plan, which was terminated.   The 2017 Plan has an initial share reserve of  12.0 million  shares of the Company’s common stock which can be increased by a maximum of  5.5 million  shares from certain expired, withheld, or forfeited shares from the 2017 Plan or the Predecessor Plan. The 2017 Plan provides for various types of incentive awards, which may potentially include the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock purchase rights, restricted stock bonuses, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and deferred compensation awards. As of  February 2, 2019 , there were  11.2 million  shares available for grant under the 2017 Plan. As of February 3, 2018, all remaining options under the 2017 Plan or Predecessor Plan had been exercised and there were  no  remaining outstanding and exercisable options. A summary of restricted stock and performance share award activity for fiscal  2018  is presented below:     Number of shares (000)   Weighted average grant date fair value Unvested at February 3, 2018   5,483   $51.19 Awarded   1,507   79.56 Released   (1,771 )   44.29 Forfeited   (89 )   59.87 Unvested at February 2, 2019   5,130   $62.50 The market value of shares of restricted stock and performance shares at the date of grant is amortized to expense over the vesting period of generally  three  to  five  years. The unamortized compensation expense at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018  was  $138.1 million  and  $114.0 million , respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of  1.8  years. Intrinsic value for restricted stock, defined as the closing market value on the last business day of fiscal year  2018  (or  $91.73 ), was  $470.6 million . A total of  11.2 million ,  11.9 million , and  50 12.1 million  shares were available for new restricted stock awards at the end of fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. During fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , shares purchased by the Company for tax withholding totaled  0.7 million ,  0.7 million , and  0.7 million  shares, respectively, and are considered treasury shares which are available for reissuance. As of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , the Company held  13.2 million  and  12.5 million  shares of treasury stock, respectively. Performance share awards.   The Company has a performance share award program for senior executives. A performance share award represents a right to receive shares of restricted stock on a specified settlement date based on the Company’s attainment of a profitability-based performance goal during the performance period, which is the Company’s fiscal year. If attained, the restricted stock then vests over a service period, generally  two  to  three  years from the date the performance award was granted. The Company issued approximately  556,000 ,  655,000 , and  682,000  shares in settlement of the fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016  awards. Employee Stock Purchase Plan.   Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”), eligible employees participating in the quarterly offering period can choose to have up to the lesser of  10%  of their annual base earnings or the IRS annual share purchase limit of  $25,000  in aggregate market value to purchase the Company’s common stock. The purchase price of the stock is  85%  of the closing market price on the date of purchase. Purchases occur on a quarterly basis (on the last trading day of each calendar quarter). The Company recognizes expense for ESPP purchase rights equal to the value of the  15%  discount given on the purchase date. During fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , employees purchased approximately  0.3 million ,  0.3 million , and  0.3 million  shares, respectively, of the Company’s common stock under the plan at weighted average per share prices of  $72.89 ,  $56.42 , and  $51.86 , respectively. Through  February 2, 2019 , approximately  40.0 million  shares had been issued under this plan and  5.0 million  shares remained available for future issuance. Note I: Related Party Transactions The Company has a consulting agreement with Norman Ferber, its Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors, under which the Company paid him  $1.9 million ,  $1.6 million , and  $1.5 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. In addition, the agreement provides for administrative support and health and other benefits for him and his dependents, which totaled approximately  $0.4 million ,  $0.4 million , and  $0.4 million  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively, along with amounts to cover premiums through  May 2020  on a life insurance policy with a death benefit of  $2.0 million .  Mr. Ferber's current consulting agreement pays him an annual consulting fee of  $1.9 million  through  May 2020 . On termination of Mr. Ferber’s consultancy with the Company, the Company will pay Mr. Ferber  $75,000  per year for a period of  10  years. Robert Ferber, the son of Norman Ferber, is a buyer with the Company. The Company paid Robert Ferber compensation including salary and bonus of approximately  $180,000 ,  $159,000 , and  $148,000  in fiscal  2018 ,  2017 , and  2016 , respectively. Note J: Litigation, Claims, and Assessments Like many retailers, the Company has been named in class action lawsuits, primarily in California, alleging violation of wage and hour laws and consumer protection laws. Class action litigation remains pending as of  February 2, 2019 . The Company is also party to various other legal and regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Actions filed against the Company may include commercial, product and product safety, consumer, intellectual property, and labor and employment-related claims, including lawsuits in which private plaintiffs or governmental agencies allege that the Company violated federal, state, and/or local laws. Actions against the Company are in various procedural stages. Many of these proceedings raise factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. In the opinion of management, the resolution of pending class action litigation and other currently pending legal and regulatory proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 51 Note K: Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Summarized quarterly financial information for fiscal  2018  and  2017  is presented in the tables below. Year ended  February 2, 2019 :     Quarter Ended   ($000, except per share data)   May 5, 2018   August 4, 2018   November 3, 2018   February 2, 2019 Sales   $ 3,588,619   $ 3,737,926   $ 3,549,608   $ 4,107,388                       Cost of goods sold   2,522,219   2,666,983   2,547,331   2,989,744   Selling, general and administrative   524,423   554,581   561,577   575,969   Interest income, net   (503 )   (1,393 )   (2,953 )   (5,313 )   Total costs and expenses   3,046,139   3,220,171   3,105,955   3,560,400   Earnings before taxes   542,480   517,755   443,653   546,988   Provision for taxes on earnings   124,228   128,351   105,545   105,295   Net earnings   $ 418,252   $ 389,404   $ 338,108   $ 441,693                                           Earnings per share – basic 1   $ 1.12   $ 1.05   $ 0.92   $ 1.21 ² Earnings per share – diluted 1   $ 1.11   $ 1.04   $ 0.91   $ 1.20 ² Cash dividends declared per share                   on common stock   $ 0.225   $ 0.225   $ 0.225   $ 0.225   ¹ EPS is computed independently for each of the quarters presented. The sum of the quarters may not equal the total year amount due to the impact of changes in average quarterly shares outstanding. ² Includes a per share benefit of approximately $0.07 from the favorable resolution of a tax matter. 52 Year ended  February 3, 2018 :     Quarter Ended   ($000, except per share data)   April 29, 2017   July 29, 2017   October 28, 2017   February 3, 2018   Sales   $ 3,306,429   $ 3,431,603   $ 3,328,894   $ 4,067,806                       Cost of goods sold   2,329,966   2,420,942   2,369,148   2,922,582   Selling, general and administrative   474,819   498,276   517,297   553,306   Interest expense, net   3,169   2,341   1,780   386   Total costs and expenses   2,807,954   2,921,559   2,888,225   3,476,274   Earnings before taxes   498,475   510,044   440,669   591,532   Provision for taxes on earnings   177,457   193,505   166,220   140,785   Net earnings   $ 321,018   $ 316,539   $ 274,449   $ 450,747                                           Earnings per share – basic 1   $ 0.83   $ 0.83   $ 0.72   $ 1.20 ² Earnings per share – diluted 1   $ 0.82   $ 0.82   $ 0.72   $ 1.19 ² Cash dividends declared per share                   on common stock   $ 0.160   $ 0.160   $ 0.160   $ 0.160   ¹ EPS is computed independently for each of the quarters presented. The sum of the quarters may not equal the total year amount due to the impact of changes in average quarterly shares outstanding. ² Includes a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform legislation enacted in December 2017 and $0.10 from the 53rd week. 53 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ross Stores, Inc.: Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ross Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017  and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of  February 2, 2019 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) .   In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.    Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  February 2, 2019 , based on the criteria established  in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.” Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 54 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP San Francisco, California April 2, 2019   We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1982. 55 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our “disclosure controls and procedures,” (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at that reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) as set forth in   Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our evaluation under the framework in   Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  February 2, 2019 . Our internal control over financial reporting as of  February 2, 2019  has also been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, and their opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is stated in their report, dated  April 2, 2019 , which is included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Quarterly Evaluation of Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, also conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any change occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of  2018  that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that there was no such change during the fourth fiscal quarter. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 56 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled “Executive Officers of the Registrant” at the end of Part I of this report; and to the sections of the Ross Stores, Inc. Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on  Wednesday ,  May 22, 2019  (the “Proxy Statement”) entitled “Information Regarding Nominees and Incumbent Directors.” Information required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement under the section titled “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.” Since our last Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not made any material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. Information required by Item 407(d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement under the section entitled “Information Regarding Nominees and Incumbent Directors” under the caption “Audit Committee.” Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to the Company’s Executive Chairman; Chief Executive Officer; Chief Operating Officer; Chief Merchandising Officer; President, Merchandising; Chief Development Officer;  Group Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal, Chief Financial Officer; Deputy Chief Financial Officer; Senior Vice President, Controller; Senior Vice President, Finance; Group Vice President, Accounting and Assistant Controller; Group Vice President, Finance and Treasury; Vice President, Finance (FP&A); Group Vice President, Tax; Assistant Treasurer; Investor and Media Relations personnel; and successor and other positions that may be designated by the Company. This Code of Ethics is posted on our corporate website (www.rossstores.com) under   Corporate Governance in the Investors Section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements of Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any future amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers by posting any changed version on the same corporate website. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of the Proxy Statement entitled “Compensation of Directors” and “Executive Compensation” under the captions “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Summary Compensation Table,” “All Other Compensation,” “Perquisites,” “Discussion of Summary Compensation,” “Grants of Plan-Based Awards During Fiscal Year,” “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End,” “Option Exercises and Stock Vested,” “Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation,” and “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control.” The information required by Items 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference to the sections of the Proxy Statement entitled “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” and “Compensation Committee Report.” 57 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Equity compensation plan information . The following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which the Company’s common stock may be issued as of  February 2, 2019 : Shares in (000s)   (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and rights   (b) Weighted average exercise price per share of outstanding options and rights   (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 1   Equity compensation plans               approved by security holders   556  2   —   16,206  3   Equity compensation plans not                approved by security holders   —   —   —   Total   556   —   16,206   1  After approval by stockholders of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan in May 2017, any shares remaining available for grant in the share reserves of the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan were automatically canceled. 2  Securities include shares underlying outstanding performance share awards where the performance measurement has occurred but that remain unsettled and unissued as of  February 2, 2019 .  The weighted-average exercise price in column (b) does not take these awards into account. 3  Includes  5.0 million  shares reserved for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan and  11.2 million  shares reserved for issuance under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled "Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management." ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled “Information Regarding Nominees and Incumbent Directors” including the captions “Audit Committee,” “Compensation Committee,” and “Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,” and the section of the Proxy Statement entitled “Certain Transactions.” ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Information concerning principal accountant fees and services will appear in the Proxy Statement in the Ross Stores, Inc. Board of Directors Audit Committee Report under the caption “Summary of Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and All Other Fees.” Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 58 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following consolidated financial statements, schedules, and exhibits are filed as part of this report or are incorporated herein as indicated: 1.      List of Consolidated Financial Statements. The following consolidated financial statements are included herein under Item 8: Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017 . Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017 . Consolidated Balance Sheets at  February 2, 2019  and  February 3, 2018 . Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017 . Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended  February 2, 2019 ,  February 3, 2018 , and  January 28, 2017 . Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 2.    List of Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules. Schedules are omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or such information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto which are included in this Report. 3.    List of Exhibits (in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). Incorporated herein by reference to the list of Exhibits contained in the Exhibit Index within this Report. 59 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.     ROSS STORES, INC.      (Registrant)             By:  /s/Barbara Rentler Date: April 2, 2019   Barbara Rentler       Chief Executive Officer         60 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature   Title   Date                     /s/Barbara Rentler   Chief Executive Officer, Director   April 2, 2019 Barbara Rentler                   /s/Michael J. Hartshorn   Group Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal,    April 2, 2019 Michael J. Hartshorn   Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer               /s/Michael Balmuth   Executive Chairman of the Board, Director    April 2, 2019 Michael Balmuth                   /s/K. Gunnar Bjorklund   Director   April 2, 2019 K. Gunnar Bjorklund           /s/Michael J. Bush   Director   April 2, 2019 Michael J. Bush           /s/Norman A. Ferber   Chairman Emeritus of the Board, Director   April 2, 2019 Norman A. Ferber           /s/Sharon D. Garrett   Director   April 2, 2019 Sharon D. Garrett           /s/Stephen D. Milligan   Director   April 2, 2019 Stephen D. Milligan           /s/G. Orban   Director   April 2, 2019 George P. Orban           /s/Michael O’Sullivan   President and Chief Operating Officer, Director   April 2, 2019 Michael O’Sullivan                   /s/G. L. Quesnel   Director   April 2, 2019 Gregory L. Quesnel         61 INDEX TO EXHIBITS     Exhibit   Number Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Ross Stores, Inc. as amended (Corrected First Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 17, 1999, together with amendments thereto through Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation dated May 29, 2015) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended August 1, 2015. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ross Stores, Inc. (as amended March 8, 2017), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2017. 4.1 Note Purchase Agreement dated October 17, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended October 28, 2006. 4.2 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 18, 2014, establishing the terms and form of the Notes, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed by Ross Stores on September 18, 2014. 4.3 Form of the 3.375% Senior Notes Due 2024, included in Exhibit 4.2 and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed by Ross Stores on September 18, 2014. 4.4 Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2014, between Ross Stores, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Ross Stores on September 18, 2014. 10.1 Revolving Credit Agreement dated April 1, 2016 among Ross Stores, Inc. and various lenders, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended April 30, 2016.     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS AND COMPENSATORY PLANS (EXHIBITS 10.2 - 10.39) 10.2 Amended and Restated Ross Stores, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (amended and restated on March 11, 2015), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended August 1, 2015. 10.3 Third Amended and Restated Ross Stores, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective December 31, 2008 (as amended effective January 1, 2015 and October 1, 2017), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended February 3, 2018. 10.4 Second Amended and Restated Ross Stores, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended effective May 18, 2016), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. on July 30, 2016. 10.5 Ross Stores, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended through May 21, 2014), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. 10.6 Ross Stores, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by Ross Stores, Inc. on May 17, 2017 (Registration No. 333-218052). 62 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 2, 2009. 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 3, 2014. 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended July 29, 2017. 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 5, 2018. 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Nonemployee Director, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended July 29, 2017. 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Nonemployee Director, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended February 3, 2018. 10.13 Form of Performance Shares Grant Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 3, 2014. 10.14 Form of Performance Share Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended July 29, 2017. 10.15 Form of Performance Shares Grant Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 5, 2018. 10.16 Form of Indemnity Agreement between Ross Stores, Inc. for Directors and Executive Officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended February 2, 2013. 10.17 Forms of Executive Employment Agreement for Executive Officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended April 30, 2016. 10.18 Forms of Executive Employment Agreement for Executive Officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended April 29, 2017. 10.19 Forms of Executive Employment Agreement for Executive Officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 5, 2018. 10.20 Amended and Restated Independent Contractor Consultancy Agreement effective January 6, 2010 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 30, 2010. 10.21 Amended Independent Contractor Consultancy Agreement effective January 30, 2012 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2012. 10.22 Amendment to Independent Contractor Consultancy Agreement effective February 17, 2015 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 2, 2015. 63 10.23 Amended and Restated Retirement Benefit Package Agreement effective January 6, 2010 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 1, 2010. 10.24 Amended Retirement Benefits Package Agreement effective January 30, 2012 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2012. 10.25 Amendment to Retirement Benefit Package Agreement effective February 17, 2015 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 2, 2015. 10.26 Third Amendment to Retirement Benefit Package Agreement effective January 1, 2016 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. 10.27 Amendment to Independent Contractor Consultancy Agreement effective March 1, 2017 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended July 29, 2017. 10.28 Amendment to Independent Contractor Consultancy Agreement effective February 1, 2018 between Norman A. Ferber and Ross Stores, Inc. 10.29 Employment Agreement effective June 1, 2012 between Michael Balmuth and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended October 27, 2012. 10.30 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Michael Balmuth and Ross Stores, Inc. dated March 15, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended August 1, 2015. 10.31 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2016 between Michael Balmuth and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Form 10-K filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. 10.32 Third Amendment to the Employment Agreement effective May 18, 2016 between Michael Balmuth and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended July 30, 2016. 10.33 Fourth Amendment to the Employment Agreement effective April 15, 2017 between Michael Balmuth and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended April 29, 2017. 10.34 Fifth Amendment to the Employment Agreement effective July 3, 2018 between Michael Balmuth and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended August 4, 2018. 10.35 Sixth Amendment to the Employment Agreement effective November 23, 2018 between Michael Balmuth and Ross Stores, Inc. 10.36 Employment Agreement effective March 16, 2017 between Barbara Rentler and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended July 29, 2017. 64 10.37 Employment Agreement effective March 16, 2017 between Michael O’Sullivan and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended April 29, 2017. 10.38 Employment Agreement effective March 16, 2018 between Michael Hartshorn and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 5, 2018. 10.39 Executive Employment Agreement effective March 16, 2018 between Bernard Brautigan and Ross Stores, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 10-Q filed by Ross Stores, Inc. for its quarter ended May 5, 2018. 21 Subsidiaries. 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302(a). 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302(a). 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 65 	 
 
 
 
