
 10-K
 1
 maindocument001.htm
 10-K
 

 

 
 


 UNITED STATES 



 

 

 


   


 
   

 

   

 


   

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 ______________________________ 

 FORM 10-K 

 

 
  
   
   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
  SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
  
 
   
   For the fiscal year ended
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
   Commission
  file number 1-8787 
   
  
 

 


   

   

 

 
  
   
   American International Group, Inc. 
   (Exact name of registrant as
  specified in its charter) 
   
  
 
   
   Delaware 
   (State
  or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
   
  
   13-2592361 
   (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
   
  
 
   
   175 Water Street, New York,  New York 
   (Address of principal executive
  offices) 
   
  
   10038 
   (Zip Code) 
   
  
 

 


 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code   (212) 770-7000  

 ______________________________ 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: See Exhibit 99.02 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

 ______________________________ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes ☑  No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes   ☐  No  ☑  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.    Yes  ☑          No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes  ☑    No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.       ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.  

 

 
  
   
   Large accelerated filer  ☑  
   
  
   Accelerated filer  ☐  
   
  
   Non-accelerated filer  ☐  
   
  
   Smaller reporting company  ☐  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
  
 

 


 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐     No  ☑  

 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant (based on the
closing price of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter) was approximately $57,263,000,000. 

 As of February 13, 2017, there were outstanding 979,560,020 shares
of Common Stock, $2.50 par value per
share, of the registrant. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

 
  
   
   Document of the Registrant 
   
  
   Form 10-K Reference Locations 
   
  
 
   
   Form 10-K/A to be
  filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year 
   
  
   Part II, Item 5 and Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13
  and 14  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


    


 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 

 TABLE OF  CONTENTS 

 Form 10-K 

 
  
   
   Item
  Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   Part  I  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1. 
   
  
   Business Overview              
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      AIG’s Global Insurance Operations 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Our Employees 
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Regulation 
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Available Information about AIG 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
   Part  II  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 5. 
   
  
   Market for
  Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of Equity
  Securities 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
  Information 
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Executive Summary 
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Consolidated Results of Operations 
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Business Segment Operations 
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Investments 
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Insurance Reserves 
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Enterprise Risk Management 
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Glossary 
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •      Acronyms 
   
  
   166 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
  about Market Risk 
   
  
   167 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary
  Data 
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Index to Financial Statements and Schedules 
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and
  Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
   301 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
   301 
   
  
 
   
   Part  III  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and
  Corporate Governance 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 11. 
   
  
   Executive Compensation 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
  Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Matters 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and Related
  Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   Part  IV  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   ITEM 16. 
   
  
   Form 10-K Summary 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 









    








 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 Part
I 

 


 ITEM 1 |  Bu siness 

 

   

 

 
  
   
   American International
  Group, Inc. (AIG)  
   is a leading global insurance
  organization. Founded in 1919, today we provide a wide range of property
  casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, and other financial
  services to commercial and individual customers in more than 80 countries and
  jurisdictions.  
   Our diverse offerings include products
  and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets,
  manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed
  on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
   On January 26, 2016, we announced
  several actions designed to create a leaner, more profitable and focused
  insurer. In this Annual
  Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report), we are presenting our businesses
  consistent with the organizational aspects of that announcement. To carry out these actions, we intend
  to capitalize on our industry-leading capabilities while we continue to strive
  to create shareholder value. We believe that these actions will allow us to
  leverage our key strengths and focus on our 2017 priorities as we strive to
  be our clients’ most valued insurer. 
   
  
 

 


   

 In this Annual Report, unless
otherwise mentioned or unless the context indicates otherwise, we use the terms
“AIG,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” to refer to American International
Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. We use
the term “AIG Parent” to refer solely to American International Group, Inc.,
and not to any of its consolidated subsidiaries. 









 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            3 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
   
   AIG’s Industry
  Leadership 
   

   
  
 

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   World Class  
  Insurance Franchises 
   that are among
  the leaders in their categories, focus on improving their operating
  performance as we strive to be our clients’ most valued insurer. 
   
  
   Balance Sheet  
  Quality and Strength 
   as demonstrated
  by over $76 billion in shareholders’ equity and AIG Parent liquidity
  sources of $12.9 billion as of December 31, 2016. 
   
  
   Effective  
  Capital Management 
   of the largest
  shareholders’ equity  
  of any insurance company in the world (a) , supported by enhanced
  risk management. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Breadth of
  Customers 
   We serve over 87
  percent of companies included in the Fortune Global 500 (b)  and 83
  percent of the Forbes 2000 (b) . 
   
  
   A Diverse Mix of
  Businesses 
   with a presence
  in most international markets. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 

 


 (a)  At June 30, 2016,
the latest date for which information was available for certain foreign
insurance companies. 

 (b)  At November 1, 2016. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   
   AIG’s Value
  Creation 
   

                
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 

 
  
   
   AIG Priorities for 2017 
   Our primary focus is growth in intrinsic value. The
  following priorities for 2017 will help us to achieve AIG’s value creation
  goals. 
   
  
 
   
   •     
   Improving our return on equity (ROE) 
   •     
   Providing innovative solutions to most efficiently meet our
  clients’ needs 
     
   
  
   •     
   Continuing to reduce general operating expenses 
   •     
   Improving profitability of Commercial Insurance through
  underwriting actions and accident year loss ratio improvements 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   
   AIG’s Execution: Accomplishments for 2015 and 2016 
   

   
  
 

 

 *    Non-GAAP measure – see Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(MD&A) for reconciliation of Non-GAAP to GAAP measure. 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              4   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 OUR
MODULAR MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK 

 


 AIG’s new operating model 

 Modules are designed to enhance
transparency and accountability, which we anticipate will drive operating
improvement and flexibility over time. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2016, we completed the
reorganization of our financial results into business “modules” to enhance
transparency and accountability. Additionally, we now report a Legacy Portfolio
that aims to maximize shareholder value and better highlight progress on
improving the ROE of our Core business. We believe that these actions will
allow us to enhance efficiency and profitability and focus on our 2017
priorities by leveraging key strengths, as we strive to be our clients’ most
valued insurer. 

 Our Core businesses include Commercial Insurance and
Consumer Insurance, as well as Other Operations.  Commercial Insurance includes
two modules – Liability and Financial Lines and Property and Special Risks.
Consumer Insurance is comprised of four modules – Individual Retirement, Group
Retirement, Life Insurance and Personal Insurance.  As we continue to focus on
operating improvement, we are exiting certain lines of business and market
regions that we consider non-core and unprofitable while still maintaining a
global presence for our Core businesses. The Legacy Portfolio consists of our
run-off insurance lines and legacy investments. 

 Our multinational capabilities provide a diverse mix of
businesses through our global offices and branches in more than 80 countries
and jurisdictions. Accordingly, we also review and assess the performance of
our Core business through the broad locations of our insurance operations
across three key geographic modules: the United States, Europe, and Japan. Our
disclosure of geography is based on the significant legal entity insurance
companies (including branches) operating in those geographic areas. The other
geography includes AIG Parent, United Guaranty, Fuji Life, our insurance
operations in remaining geographies around the globe and certain legal entities
not deemed significant in the key geographic areas. Geography disclosures
exclude our Legacy Portfolio. 

 We have modified the presentation
of our business segment results to reflect our new operating structure and
prior periods’ presentation has been revised to conform to the new structure. 

 See Item 7. MD&A and Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion on our business segments. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            5 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 Business Modules 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   

   Commercial Insurance  is a leading provider of insurance products and services for
  commercial customers. It includes one of the world’s most far-reaching
  property casualty networks. Commercial Insurance offers a broad range of
  products to customers through a diversified, multichannel distribution
  network. Customers value Commercial Insurance’s strong capital position,
  extensive risk management and claims experience, and its ability to be a
  market leader in critical lines of the insurance business. 
     
     
   
  
 
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   

   Consumer Insurance  is a unique franchise that brings together a broad
  portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal insurance products
  offered through multiple distribution networks. It holds long-standing,
  leading market positions in many of its U.S. product lines, and its global
  footprint provides the opportunity to leverage its multinational servicing
  capabilities and pursue select opportunities in attractive markets. With its
  strong capital position, customer-focused service, innovative product development
  capabilities and deep distribution relationships across multiple channels,
  Consumer Insurance is well positioned to provide clients with valuable
  solutions, delivered through the channels they prefer. 
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   Other Operations 
   

   Other
  Operations   consists of businesses and items not attributed to
  our Commercial and Consumer modules or our Legacy Portfolio. It includes AIG
  Parent, Institutional Markets, United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company
  (United Guaranty), AIG Fuji Life Insurance Company, Ltd. (Fuji Life),
  deferred tax assets related to tax attributes and intercompany eliminations. 
   
  
 
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   

   Legacy
  Portfolio  includes Legacy Property
  and Casualty Run-Off Insurance Lines, Legacy Life Insurance Run-Off Lines and
  Legacy Investments. 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 

 Geography Modules 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   
   United States 
   

   includes the following major property
  and casualty and life insurance companies: National Union Fire Insurance
  Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union), American Home Assurance Company
  (American Home U.S.), Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington), American
  General Life Insurance Company (American General), The Variable Annuity Life
  Insurance Company (VALIC), and the United States Life Insurance Company in
  the City of New York (U.S. Life). 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   Europe 
   

   includes AIG Europe Limited and its
  branches, which are property and casualty companies. 
 
   Japan 
   

   includes the
  following major property and casualty insurance companies: Fuji Fire and
  Marine Insurance Company (Fuji Fire), AIUI Japan, and American Home Assurance
  Company, Ltd. (American Home Japan). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 

 
  
   
   
   
  
 


 (a)  Represents
Operating revenues excluding revenues from our Legacy Portfolio operations of
$5.3 billion.  See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
reconciliation of Operating revenues to total revenues.  

 (b)  Other includes AIG
Insurance Company of Canada, American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd.,
AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd., Fuji Life, United Guaranty, various
non-insurance subsidiaries and AIG Parent. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              6   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 Geographic
Concentration 

 In 2016, 6.3
percent and 5.2 percent of our property casualty direct premiums were written
in the states of California and New York, respectively, and 16.0 percent and 7.3
percent were written in Japan and the United Kingdom, respectively. No other
state or foreign jurisdiction accounted for more than five percent of our
property casualty direct premiums. 

 

 Diversified Mix of Businesses 

 


 (dollars in millions)  

 
  
   
   
   
  
 


 *    Represents Operating revenues excluding
revenues from our Legacy Portfolio operations of $5.3 billion.  See Note 3 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for reconciliation of Operating revenues
to total revenues. 

 

 How We Generate Revenues and Profitability 

 


 We earn revenues  primarily from insurance premiums, policy fees and income
from investments.  

 Our expenses  consist of policyholder benefits and losses incurred,
interest credited to policyholders, commissions and other costs of selling and
servicing our products, interest expense and general operating expenses. 

 Our profitability  is dependent on our ability to properly price and manage
risk on insurance and annuity products, to manage our portfolio of investments
effectively and to control costs through expense discipline.  

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            7 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business  |  AIG 

   


 
 Investment
Activities of Our Insurance Operations 

 


 Our insurance
companies generally receive premiums and deposits well in advance of paying
covered claims or benefits. In the intervening periods, we invest these
premiums and deposits to generate net investment income that, along with the
invested funds, is available to pay claims or benefits. As a result, we
generate significant revenues from insurance investment activities. 

 Our worldwide
insurance investment policy places primary emphasis on investments in corporate
bonds, municipal bonds and government bonds in all of our portfolios, and, to a
lesser extent, investments in high yield bonds, common stock, real estate,
hedge funds and other alternative investments. Our fundamental strategy across
all of our investment portfolios is to optimize the duration characteristics of
the assets within a target range based on comparable liability characteristics,
to the extent practicable. 

 See Item 7.
MD&A — Investments for additional discussion of investment strategies. 

 

 Loss Reserve Development Process 

 


 The liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (loss reserves) represents the
accumulation of estimates for unpaid claims, including estimates for claims
incurred but not reported (IBNR) for our property and casualty insurance
companies, including the related expenses of settling those losses. 

 The process of
establishing loss reserves is complex and imprecise because it must take into
consideration many variables that are subject to the outcome of future events.
As a result, informed subjective estimates and judgments about our ultimate
exposure to losses are an integral component of our loss reserving process.
Because reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of future events, changes
in prior year estimates are unavoidable in the insurance industry. These
changes are sometimes referred to as “prior year loss development” or “reserve
development.” 

 See Item 7.
MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates — Insurance Liabilities — Loss
Reserves, Item 7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves — Loss Reserves, and Note 13 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on  loss reserves and of prior year loss development. 



 
  



 

 Our Employees 

 


 At AIG, we believe that a major strength of ours is the
quality and dedication of our people. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had
approximately 56,400 and 66,400 employees, respectively. We believe that our
relations with our employees are satisfactory.  

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              8   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Regulation   

 


 Our operations around the world are subject to regulation by
many different types of regulatory authorities, including insurance,
securities, derivatives, investment advisory and thrift regulators in the
United States and abroad. 

 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and jurisdictions in which they do business.  The
insurance and financial services industries generally have been subject to
heightened regulatory scrutiny and supervision in recent years. 

 
  
   
   The
  following summary provides a general overview of our primary regulators and
  related bodies and a description of their oversight with respect to us and
  our subsidiaries, including key regulations or initiatives that we are
  currently, or may in the future be, subject to. Such regulations and initiatives,
  both in the United States and abroad, are discussed in more detail following
  the summary. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. FEDERAL
  REGULATION 
   
  
 
   
   Board of Governors of the
  Federal Reserve System (FRB):   Oversees and regulates financial
  institutions, including nonbank systemically important financial institutions
  (nonbank SIFIs). We are currently subject to the FRB’s examination,
  supervision and enforcement authority, and certain reporting requirements, as
  a nonbank SIFI. 
   Office of the Comptroller
  of the Currency (OCC):  Charters, regulates and supervises all national
  banks and federal savings associations. The OCC supervises and regulates AIG
  Federal Savings Bank, our trust-only federal thrift subsidiary. 
   Securities and Exchange
  Commission (SEC):   Oversees and regulates the U.S. securities
  and security-based swap markets, U.S. mutual funds, U.S. broker-dealers and
  U.S. investment advisors. Principal regulator of the mutual funds offered by
  our broker-dealer subsidiaries. The SEC is in the process of implementing
  rules and regulations governing reporting, clearing, execution and margin
  requirements for security-based swaps entered into within the U.S or by U.S.
  persons. Our security-based   swap activities are
  likely to be subject to certain of these rules and regulations .   
   Commodities Futures Trading
  Commission (CFTC):  Oversees and regulates the U.S. swap, commodities and
  futures markets. The CFTC has implemented and is continuing to implement
  rules and regulations governing reporting, clearing, execution, margin and
  other requirements for swaps entered into within the U.S. or involving U.S.
  persons. Our swap activities are subject to certain of these rules and
  regulations.  
   Dodd-Frank Wall Street
  Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank):  Dodd-Frank has
  effected comprehensive changes to financial services regulation and subjects
  us, or may subject us, as applicable, to additional federal regulation,
  including: 
   •   
   enhanced prudential standards for nonbank SIFIs (including
  minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements, capital planning,
  stress tests, liquidity requirements, corporate governance requirements,
  contingent capital requirements, counterparty credit limits, an early
  remediation regime process and resolution planning); 
   •   
   limitations on proprietary trading or covered fund activities,
  if the FRB decides to impose certain elements of Section 619 of Dodd-Frank
  (referred to as the “Volcker Rule”) on nonbank SIFIs;  
   •   
   financial sector concentration limits; and 
   •   
   increased regulation and restrictions on derivatives markets and
  transactions. 
   In an
  Executive Order signed on February 3, 2017, the President of the United
  States directed the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with federal
  financial regulators, to assess all laws, rules and policies that regulate
  the U.S. financial system, including requirements put into place under
  Dodd-Frank since 2010, with a view to producing a plan to revise them as
  necessary.  We are closely following these developments. 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            9 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 
  
   
   U.S. STATE REGULATION 
   
    
  
 
   
   State Insurance Regulators:   Our
  insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by the
  states and other jurisdictions in which they do business. Regulation is
  generally derived from statutes that delegate supervisory and regulatory
  powers to a state insurance regulator, and  primarily relates to the
  insurer’s financial condition, corporate conduct and market conduct
  activities. 
   NAIC Standards:  The
  National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) is a standard-setting
  and regulatory support organization created and governed by the chief
  insurance regulators from the 50 states, the District of Columbia and five
  U.S. territories. The NAIC itself is not a regulator, but, with assistance
  from the NAIC, state insurance regulators establish standards and best
  practices, conduct peer review and coordinate regulatory oversight. 
   
    
  
 
   
   FOREIGN
  REGULATION 
   
  
 
   
   Financial Stability Board
  (FSB):  The FSB consists of representatives of national financial
  authorities of the G20 countries. The FSB itself is not a regulator but is
  focused primarily on promoting international financial stability. It does so
  by coordinating the work of national financial authorities and international
  standard-setting bodies as well as developing and promoting the
  implementation of regulatory, supervisory and other financial policies. 
   International Association
  of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS):   The IAIS represents insurance
  regulators and supervisors of more than 200 jurisdictions   (including
  regions and states) in nearly 140 countries and seeks to promote globally
  consistent insurance industry supervision. The IAIS itself is not a
  regulator, but one of its activities is to develop insurance regulatory
  standards for use by local authorities across the globe. The FSB has charged
  the IAIS with developing a framework for measuring systemic risks posed by
  insurance groups. Based on the IAIS’ assessment methodology for identifying
  global systemically important insurers (G-SIIs), the FSB has identified nine
  G-SIIs, including us. This designation may subject us to a policy framework
  for G-SIIs that includes recovery and resolution planning, enhanced
  group-wide supervision, enhanced liquidity and systemic risk management
  planning, and group-wide capital standards, including higher loss absorbency (HLA)
  capital.  
   European Union (EU): 
  The European Parliament issues Directives on a wide range of topics that
  impact financial services. Insurance companies operating in the EU are
  subject to the Solvency II framework. The Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA),
  the United Kingdom’s (UK’s) prudential regulator, is our lead EU prudential
  supervisor. The UK’s Financial Conduct Authority has oversight of AIG’s
  operations for consumer protection and competition matters within the UK. In
  addition, financial companies that operate in the EU are subject to a range
  of regulations enforced by the national regulators in each member state in
  which that firm operates. The EU has also established a set of regulatory
  requirements under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) that
  include, among other things, risk mitigation, risk management, regulatory
  reporting and clearing requirements.  
   Regulation of Foreign
  Insurance Company Subsidiaries:   Generally, our subsidiaries
  operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory
  requirements. Our foreign operations are also regulated in various
  jurisdictions with respect to currency, policy language and terms,
  advertising, amount and type of security deposits, amount and type of
  reserves, amount and type of capital to be held, amount and type of local
  investment and the share of profits to be returned to policyholders on
  participating policies. Some foreign countries also regulate rates on various
  types of policies. 
   
  
 


 Federal Reserve REGULATION AND Supervision 

 Due to the determination of the Financial Stability Oversight
Council (Council) that AIG should be regulated by the FRB as a nonbank SIFI, we
have been since July 2013 subject to the FRB’s examination, supervision and
enforcement authority, and certain reporting requirements. Dodd-Frank requires
that the Council reevaluate its determination annually. The Council’s annual
reevaluations to date have not resulted in a change to our nonbank SIFI status,
and we remain regulated by the FRB. However, in light of the recent change in
administration in the United States, there is considerable uncertainty as to
the future of federal regulation of nonbank SIFIs. Depending on developments,
important elements of AIG’s supervision at the federal level, including those
described in this section and the following section, Other Effects of
Dodd-Frank, may change significantly.  

 As a nonbank SIFI, we anticipate we may be
subject to: 

 •       stress
tests to determine whether, on a consolidated basis, we have the capital
necessary to absorb losses due to adverse economic conditions; 

 •       enhanced
prudential standards, including new group-wide requirements relating to
risk-based capital, leverage, liquidity and credit exposure, as well as overall
risk management requirements; and  

 •       an
early remediation regime process to be administered by the FRB. 

 On June 3, 2016, the FRB issued for public comment a notice
of proposed rulemaking (NPR) on enhanced prudential standards that would
require insurer nonbank SIFIs to comply with corporate governance and
risk-management standards and liquidity risk management standards.  These
proposed standards build on the FRB’s current guidance for large financial
institutions supervised by the FRB and have been tailored to insurance
companies.  The comment period has closed, and we anticipate that the FRB will
adopt a final rule in the future after evaluating all comments received. Under
the proposal, the insurer nonbank SIFIs would have at least twelve months to
comply.   

 On June 3, 2016, the FRB released for public comment an
advance notice of proposed rulemaking (ANPR) outlining two conceptual insurance
group capital frameworks that could apply to insurance groups supervised by the
FRB - a building block approach, proposed for insurance institutions that are
savings and loan holding companies or bank holding companies by virtue of
owning  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  10   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 depository institutions, and a consolidated
approach for insurer nonbank SIFIs.  In general, the consolidated approach
would consolidate an insurance company’s assets and insurance liabilities into
risk segments tailored to account for the liability structure and unique
features of the insurance company, apply risk factors to each segment and then
set minimum capital requirements. The ANPR does not provide details on specific
risk segments, risk factors, capital adequacy ratios and other important
elements that could be applied to us under the consolidated approach, and we
cannot predict how such an approach would affect our business, results of
operations, financial condition or capital requirements. The comment period has
closed and we anticipate that the FRB will issue a NPR after evaluating all
comments received. 

 As part of its general prudential supervisory powers, the FRB
has the authority to limit our ability to conduct activities that would
otherwise be permissible for us to engage in if we do not satisfy certain
requirements. With regard to acquisitions, Dodd-Frank would require us to
obtain the prior authorization of the FRB if we sought to acquire a stake in
certain financial companies. We are also subject to management interlock
prohibitions and a requirement to maintain a plan for rapid and orderly
resolution in the event of severe financial distress. We cannot predict how the
FRB’s continuing exercise of its general supervisory authority over us as a
nonbank SIFI will develop, although the FRB could, as a prudential matter, for
example, limit our ability to pay dividends, repurchase shares of AIG Common
Stock or to acquire or enter into other businesses. We cannot predict with
certainty the requirements of the regulations ultimately adopted or how or
whether Dodd-Frank and such regulations will affect the financial markets
generally or impact our businesses, results of operations, cash flows or
financial condition, capital adequacy position or credit ratings. 

 Furthermore, if the Council were to make an additional
separate determination that we pose a “grave threat” to U.S. financial
stability, we would be required to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio of no more
than 15:1 and the FRB may impose additional restrictions. 

 Other Effects of Dodd-Frank 

 In addition, Dodd-Frank may also have the
following effects on us: 

 •       As
a nonbank SIFI, we are currently required to provide on an annual basis to the
FRB and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) a plan for our rapid and
orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure,
which must provide a detailed resolution strategy and analyses of our material
entities, organizational structure, interconnections and interdependencies, and
management information systems.  In accordance with an extension of the annual
deadline provided by the FRB and FDIC to 38 firms including AIG in 2016, we
plan to submit our next resolution plan to regulators on December 31, 2017.  If
the FRB and FDIC jointly were to determine, based on their review of the plan,
that it is not credible or would not facilitate our orderly resolution under
Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code), the FRB and FDIC may
require us to re-submit an amended plan.  If the re-submitted plan also were to
fail to meet regulatory expectations, the FRB and FDIC may exercise their
authority under Dodd-Frank to impose more stringent capital, leverage, or
liquidity requirements, restrict our growth, activities, or operations, require
us to divest assets and operations, or otherwise increase their level of
supervision of us. 

 •       The
Council may recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply
new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that we
and other insurers or other financial services companies engage in.  

 •       Title
II of Dodd-Frank (Orderly Liquidation Authority) provides that a financial
company whose largest United States subsidiary is an insurer may be subject to a
special orderly liquidation process outside the Bankruptcy Code. That process
is to be administered by the FDIC upon a determination that the company is in
default or in danger of default, is not likely to attract private sector
alternatives to default and is not suitable for resolution under the Bankruptcy
Code. Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries, however, would be subject to
rehabilitation and liquidation proceedings under state insurance law.  

 •       Title
VII of Dodd-Frank provides for significantly increased regulation of and
restrictions on derivatives markets and transactions that have affected and, as
additional regulations come into effect, could affect various activities of AIG
and its insurance and financial services subsidiaries, including (i) regulatory
reporting for swaps and security-based swaps, (ii) mandated clearing through
central counterparties and execution through regulated swap execution
facilities for certain swaps and security-based swaps and (iii) margin and
collateral requirements.  Although the CFTC has finalized many of its
requirements, the SEC has yet to finalize the majority of rules comprising its
security-based swap regulatory regime.  

 •       Similar
regulations have been proposed or adopted outside the United States.  For
instance, the EU has also established a set of new regulatory requirements for
EU derivatives activities under EMIR. These requirements include, among other
things, various risk mitigation, risk management, margin posting and regulatory
reporting requirements that have already become effective and clearing
requirements that were outlined in EU delegated legislation at the end of 2015
and are phased in over three years. These requirements could result in
increased administrative costs with respect to our EU derivatives activities
and overlapping or inconsistent regulation depending on the ultimate
application of cross-border regulatory requirements between and among U.S. and
non-U.S. jurisdictions.  

 •       Dodd-Frank
mandated a study to determine whether stable value contracts should be included
in the definition of "swap." If that study concludes that stable
value contracts are swaps, Dodd-Frank authorizes certain federal regulators to
determine whether an exemption from the definition of a swap for stable value
contracts is appropriate and in the public interest. Certain of our affiliates  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            11 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 participate in the stable value contract business. We
cannot predict what regulations might emanate from the aforementioned study or
be promulgated applicable to this business in the future.  

 •       Dodd-Frank
established the Federal Insurance Office (FIO) within the United States
Department of the Treasury (Department of the Treasury) headed by a director
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury. The director of the FIO performs
various public policy functions with respect to insurance, including serving as
a non-voting member of the Council.  

 •       On
November 20, 2015, the Department of the Treasury, assisted by the FIO, and the
United States Trade Representative announced their intention to negotiate an
agreement between the U.S. and the EU regarding prudential measures with
respect to insurance and reinsurance. On January 13, 2017, the U.S. and EU
announced that they had successfully negotiated terms of such an agreement. For
additional information, see Regulation – Other Regulatory Developments.   

 •       Dodd-Frank
established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) within the FRB to
regulate consumer financial products and services offered primarily for
personal, family or household purposes. Insurance products and services are not
within the CFPB's general jurisdiction. Broker-dealers and investment advisers
are not subject to the CFPB's jurisdiction when acting in their registered
capacity.     

 Dodd-Frank authorizes various assessments on financial
companies, including, as applicable to us, fees for our supervision by the FRB
and possible assessments to cover the costs of any special resolution of a
financial company conducted under Title II.  

 We cannot predict whether all these actions will become
effective or the effect they may have on the financial markets or on our
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and credit
ratings. However, it is possible that such effect could be materially adverse.  See
Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation for additional information. 

 Other Regulatory Developments 

 In addition to the adoption of Dodd-Frank in the United
States, regulators and lawmakers around the world are continuing to review the
causes of the financial crisis and taking steps to avoid similar problems in
the future. In the past few years, a number of jurisdictions in which our
subsidiaries conduct business have implemented legislative and regulatory
changes consistent with recommendations of the International Monetary Fund and
the World Bank, which conduct periodic Financial Sector Assessment Program
(FSAP) reviews to measure local regulatory regimes against the standards set by
the IAIS. Examples include updated Insurance Company Ordinances in Hong Kong
and consolidated regulation of insurance holding companies by the Financial
Services Agency in Japan. 

 The FSB, consisting of representatives of national financial
authorities of the G20 countries, has issued a series of frameworks and recommendations
intended to produce significant changes in how financial companies,
particularly global systemically important financial institutions, should be
regulated. These frameworks and recommendations address such issues as systemic
financial risk, financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards,
corporate governance including compensation, and a number of related issues
associated with responses to the financial crisis. The FSB has directed the
IAIS to create standards relative to many of these areas, which go beyond the
IAIS’ basic Insurance Core Principles (ICPs). The IAIS is developing ComFrame,
a Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance
Groups (IAIGs). ComFrame sets out qualitative and quantitative standards in
order to assist supervisors in collectively addressing an IAIG’s activities and
risks, identifying and avoiding regulatory gaps and coordinating supervisory
activities.  In connection with ComFrame, the IAIS is in the process of
developing a risk-based global insurance capital standard (ICS) applicable to
IAIGs.  We currently meet the parameters set forth to define an IAIG.  ComFrame
standards are expected to be finalized in 2019, and the IAIS is conducting
field testing of ComFrame, including the ICS, ahead of that deadline.  It is
expected that the ComFrame and ICS standards finally adopted by the IAIS would
be ready for adoption by implementing member jurisdictions beginning in 2020. 

 The IAIS intends G-SIIs to be subject to a policy framework
that includes recovery and resolution planning, enhanced group-wide
supervision, enhanced liquidity and systemic risk management planning; and
group-wide capital standards, including HLA capital. The IAIS’ basic capital
requirement (BCR) was endorsed by the FSB in October 2014 and by the G20
countries in November 2014.  The BCR covers all group activities, and we
reported our BCR ratios to national authorities on a confidential basis in 2015
and 2016.  The BCR serves as the initial foundation for the application of
HLA requirements.  In October 2015, the IAIS announced that it had concluded
initial development of the HLA requirements, according to which we reported on
a confidential basis to supervisors in 2016. HLA requirements were endorsed by
the FSB in September 2015 and by the G20 countries in November 2015. Both the
BCR and HLA requirements are calculated for insurance and non-insurance
activities.  Ultimately, the G-SII policy framework is expected to be fully
implemented by the IAIS by 2019. 

 The standards discussed above, issued by the FSB and/or the
IAIS, are not binding on the United States or other jurisdictions around the
world unless and until the appropriate local governmental bodies or regulators
adopt appropriate laws and regulations.  At this time it is not known how the
IAIS’ frameworks and/or standards might be implemented in the United States and
other jurisdictions around the world, or how they might apply to us. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  12   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Legislation in the EU could also
affect our international insurance operations. Solvency II reforms the
insurance industry’s solvency framework, including minimum capital and solvency
requirements, governance requirements, risk management and public reporting
standards. In accordance with Solvency II, in the absence of a decision by the
European Commission on whether a supervisory regime outside of the EU is
equivalent, Member States may decide either to apply relevant Solvency II
requirements to a worldwide insurance group operating in the EU as if it were
based in the European Economic Area, or to use “other methods”.  

 Firms have to apply for a waiver to the appropriate EU
regulator in order for the regulator to use “other methods.”  AIG’s UK
subsidiary, AIG Europe Limited, applied to the PRA and was granted a waiver for
three years beginning in January 2016 (which may be renewed) to allow the PRA
to use “other methods.” In order to address the issue of U.S. equivalency with
Solvency II as well as other (re)insurance regulatory issues, on November 20,
2015, the U.S. and the EU entered into negotiations on a “covered agreement”. 
On January 13, 2017, the U.S. and EU announced they had successfully reached a
covered agreement and the agreed text was submitted to the appropriate
committees of Congress, starting a 90-day period required by Dodd-Frank after
which (and after an additional 7-day notice period) with regard to the U.S. the
terms become effective unless disapproved by congressional legislation during
those 90 days. In the EU, the agreement is still subject to several steps
before becoming effective, including approval by the European Parliament.  The
agreement provides that AIG will be supervised at the worldwide group level
only by its relevant U.S. insurance supervisors, and that it will not have to
satisfy EU group capital, reporting and governance requirements for its
worldwide group. It further provides that if the summary risk reports submitted
to the supervisory authority of a host jurisdiction expose any serious threat
to policyholder protection or financial stability in such host state, the host
supervisor may request further information from the insurance group and/or
impose preventive or corrective measures with respect to the (re)insurer in its
jurisdiction. The EU is applying these group supervision terms provisionally
until the date of entry into full force of the agreement. The agreement also
seeks to impose equal treatment of U.S. and EU-based reinsurers that meet
certain qualifications.  In the U.S., once fully implemented, the agreement
requires U.S. states to lift reinsurance collateral requirements on qualifying
EU-based reinsurers and provide them equal treatment with U.S. reinsurers or be
subject to federal preemption. While this provision does not preclude AIG from
continuing to request collateral from an EU reinsurer that is party to a
bilateral reinsurance transaction, it is unclear how much collateral AIG will
be able to obtain from EU reinsurers going forward. The reinsurance provisions
of this agreement are subject to implementation timetables in the U.S. and EU
that may delay or even prevent the agreement from being fully implemented. In
particular, the U.S. states have been given a period of five years to comply
with the reinsurance collateral provisions.  After 42 months, the Federal Government
must begin evaluating a potential preemption determination with respect to any
state law not in compliance with the aim of assuring full compliance within the
five-year timeframe. The agreement may be terminated (following mandatory
consultation) by notice from one party to the other effective in 180 days, or
at such time as the parties may agree.  It is not known what view the new
Congress and new administration may take on the termination or enforcement of
the covered agreement. 

 On June 23, 2016, the UK held a referendum in which a
majority voted for the UK to withdraw its membership in the EU, commonly
referred to as Brexit. The terms of withdrawal are subject to a formal
negotiation period which, as publicly stated by the UK Prime Minister, is expected
to be initiated by the end of March 2017 by invoking Article 50 of the Treaty
of the European Union, and could, by treaty, last up to two years. On January
24, 2017, the Supreme Court (the UK’s highest court) ruled that Parliament must
vote whether to approve the UK Government’s plan to invoke Article 50. On
January 27, 2017, the Government introduced a bill in Parliament seeking
approval to notify the EU of the UK’s intention to withdraw from the EU.  The
bill passed a vote in the lower house of Parliament on February 8, 2017 and
progressed to the House of Lords. The bill may be approved by the House of
Lords as written and sent for royal assent or be amended, which would result in
the bill being sent back to the lower house for further consideration. It is
not clear at this stage (and may not be for some time) what form the UK’s
future relationship with the remaining EU member states will take. We have
significant operations and employees in the UK and other EU member states,
including AIG Europe Ltd., which enjoys certain benefits based on the UK’s
membership in the EU. In order to adapt to Brexit, we may be required to
reorganize our operations and legal entity structure in the UK and the EU in a
manner that could be less efficient and more expensive. 

 ERISA Considerations  

 We provide products and services to certain employee benefit
plans that are subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended (ERISA), or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Internal Revenue Code).  Plans subject to ERISA include pension and profit
sharing plans and welfare plans, including health, life and disability plans. 
As a result, our activities are subject to the restrictions imposed by ERISA
and the Internal Revenue Code, including the requirement under ERISA that
fiduciaries must perform their duties solely in the interests of ERISA plan
participants and beneficiaries, and that fiduciaries may not cause a covered
plan to engage in certain prohibited transactions.  ERISA also provides for
civil and criminal penalties and enforcement.  

 On April 8, 2016, the DOL published its final fiduciary duty
rule (the DOL Fiduciary Rule), substantially expanding the definition of
fiduciary investment advice. As a result, the circumstances under which
financial services providers and financial advisors could be deemed a fiduciary
under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code when providing investment advice with
respect to ERISA plans or Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) are greatly
expanded. The DOL Fiduciary Rule contains revisions to and adoptions of new  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            13 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 prohibited transaction exemptions under ERISA, including
revisions to a prohibited transaction exemption historically available in
conjunction with the sale of fixed and variable annuity contracts to ERISA
covered plans, commonly referred to as “84-24”, and the adoption of the “best
interest contract exemption”.  The initial compliance date of the DOL Fiduciary
Rule is April 10, 2017, with full compliance required by January 1, 2018. On
February 3, 2017, the new U.S. administration issued a memo requiring the DOL
to review the DOL Fiduciary Rule and determine whether it will adversely impact
the ability of retirement savers to access information and financial advice.
Accordingly, the DOL announced that it would consider legal options for
postponing the applicability date of the DOL Fiduciary Rule while the DOL
considers the issues raised in the referenced memo. We are closely following
the DOL’s pronouncements about further delays to the DOL Fiduciary Rule’s
applicability date.  For additional information, see Item 7. MD&A —
Executive Summary – AIG’s Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors- Department
of Labor Fiduciary Rule and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors.    

 We expect that the regulations applicable to us and our
regulated entities will continue to evolve for the foreseeable future.  

 Regulation of Insurance Subsidiaries  

 Certain states and other jurisdictions require registration
and periodic reporting by insurance companies that are licensed in such jurisdictions
and are controlled by other entities. Applicable legislation typically requires
periodic disclosure concerning the entity that controls the registered insurer
and the other companies in the holding company system and prior approval of
intercompany services and transfers of assets, including in some instances
payment of dividends by the insurance subsidiary, within the holding company
system. Our subsidiaries are registered under such legislation in those
jurisdictions that have such requirements.  

 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and by other jurisdictions in which they do business.
Within the United States, the method of such regulation varies but generally
has its source in statutes that delegate regulatory and supervisory powers to
an insurance official. The regulation and supervision relate primarily to the
financial condition of the insurers and their corporate conduct and market
conduct activities. This includes approval of policy forms and rates, the
standards of solvency that must be met and maintained, including with respect
to risk-based capital, the standards on transactions between insurance company
subsidiaries and their affiliates, including restrictions and limitations on
the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by insurance company
subsidiaries to their parent companies, the licensing of insurers and their
agents, the nature of and limitations on investments, restrictions on the size
of risks that may be insured under a single policy, deposits of securities for
the benefit of policyholders, requirements for acceptability of reinsurers,
periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies, the form and
content of reports of financial condition required to be filed, reserves for
unearned premiums, losses and other purposes and enterprise risk management and
corporate governance requirements. In general, such regulation is for the
protection of policyholders rather than the creditors or equity owners of these
companies.  

 In the U.S., the Risk-Based Capital (RBC) formula is designed
to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus in relation to the
risks inherent in its business. Virtually every state has adopted, in
substantial part, the RBC Model Law promulgated by the NAIC, which allows
states to act upon the results of RBC calculations, and provides for four
incremental levels of regulatory action regarding insurers whose RBC
calculations fall below specific thresholds. Those levels of action range from
the requirement to submit a plan describing how an insurer would regain a
specified RBC ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company. The RBC
formula computes a risk-adjusted surplus level by applying discrete factors to
various asset, premium and reserve items. These factors are developed to be
risk-sensitive so that higher factors are applied to items exposed to greater
risk.  The statutory surplus of each of our U.S. based insurance companies
exceeded RBC minimum required levels as of December 31, 2016.  

 If any of our insurance entities fell below prescribed levels
of statutory surplus, it would be our intention to provide appropriate capital
or other types of support to that entity. For additional information, see  Item
7. MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Liquidity and Capital Resources
of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries — Insurance Companies. 

 The NAIC’s Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires insurers to establish additional statutory
reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and
universal life policies with secondary guarantees (ULSGs). NAIC Actuarial
Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation XXX as to
these guarantees, including certain ULSGs. See Item 1A – Risk Factors and Note
18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for risks and additional
information related to these statutory reserving requirements. In December
2012, the NAIC approved a new valuation manual containing a principle-based
approach to life insurance company reserves. Principle-based reserving (PBR) is
designed to tailor the reserving process to specific products in an effort to
create a principle-based modeling approach to reserving rather than the
factor-based approach historically employed. PBR became effective on January 1,
2017, after NAIC’s model Standard Valuation Law was enacted by the requisite
number of states representing the required premium volume, replacing Regulation
XXX and Guideline AXXX with respect to new life insurance business issued after
that date. Two of our domiciliary states (Missouri and Texas) have adopted the
regulations necessary to implement PBR. We have up to three years after January
1, 2017 to implement PBR, and have currently elected to defer implementation. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  14   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 The NAIC has adopted revisions to
the NAIC Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act (the Model Holding
Company Act) and the Insurance Holding Company System Model Regulation.  The
revised models include provisions authorizing NAIC commissioners to act as
global group-wide supervisors for internationally active insurance groups, and
the requirement that the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer file an
annual enterprise risk report with the lead state of the insurer identifying
risks likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or
liquidity of the insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole.
All of the states where AIG has domestic insurers have enacted a version of the
revised Model Holding Company Act, including the enterprise risk reporting
requirement.  

 A substantial portion of our business is conducted in foreign
countries. The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions
varies. Generally, our subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements; licenses issued by foreign authorities
to our subsidiaries are subject to modification or revocation by such
authorities, and therefore these subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting
business in certain of the jurisdictions where they currently operate.  

 In addition to licensing requirements, our foreign operations
are also regulated in various jurisdictions with respect to currency, policy
language and terms, advertising, amount and type of security deposits, amount
and type of reserves, amount and type of capital to be held, amount and type of
local investment and the share of profits to be returned to policyholders on
participating policies. Some foreign countries regulate rates on various types
of policies. Certain countries have established reinsurance institutions,
wholly or partially owned by the local government, to which admitted insurers
are obligated to cede a portion of their business on terms that may not always
allow foreign insurers, including our subsidiaries, full compensation. In some
countries, regulations governing constitution of technical reserves and
remittance balances may hinder remittance of profits and repatriation of
assets.  

 See Item 7. MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources —
Regulation and Supervision and Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            15 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 1 |  Business 

   

   


 
 Available
Information about AIG 

 


 Our
corporate website is  www.aig.com .
 We make available free of charge, through the Investor Information section
of our corporate website, the following reports (and related amendments as
filed with the SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are
electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC:  

 •       Annual
Reports on Form 10-K 

 •       Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q  

 •       Current
Reports on Form 8-K 

 •     
 Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, as well as other filings
with the SEC 

 Also available on our corporate website: 

 •       Charters
for Board Committees:  Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance, Compensation
and Management Resources, Risk and Capital, Regulatory, Compliance and Public
Policy, and Technology Committees  

 •       Corporate
Governance Guidelines  ( which include Director Independence Standards )  

 •       Director,
Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officer Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics (we will post on our website any amendment or waiver to this Code within
the time period required by the SEC) 

 •       Employee
Code of Conduct 

 •     
 Related‑Party Transactions Approval Policy  

 Except for the documents specifically incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, information contained on our
website or that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated by
reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reference to our website
is made as an inactive textual reference. 








 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  16   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 ITEM 1A |  Risk
Factors    

 Investing
in AIG involves risk. In deciding whether to invest in AIG, you should
carefully consider the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors could
have a significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. They could also cause significant
fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. Readers
should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of
all potential risks that could affect AIG. These factors should be considered
carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the
other reports and materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Further, many of these risks are interrelated and could
occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of
certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of
others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact
of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity. 

 MARKET CONDITIONS 

 Difficult conditions in the
global capital markets and the economy may materially and adversely affect our
businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
Our businesses are highly dependent on the economic environment, both in the
U.S. and around the world. Extreme market events have at times led, and could
in the future lead, to a lack of liquidity, highly volatile markets, a steep
depreciation in asset values across all classes, an erosion of investor and
public confidence, and a widening of credit spreads. Concerns and events beyond
our control, such as U.S. fiscal and monetary policy, oil prices, slowing
growth in China and the Euro-Zone economies, the U.S. housing market, concerns
about European sovereign debt risk and the European banking industry and
declines in prices in the high yield market and the resultant impact on certain
funds have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect liquidity,
increase volatility, decrease asset prices, erode confidence and lead to wider
credit spreads. Difficult economic conditions could also result in increased
unemployment and a severe decline in business across a wide range of industries
and regions. These market and economic factors could have a material adverse
effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity. 

 Under difficult economic or market conditions,
we could experience reduced demand for our products and an elevated incidence
of claims, increased policy cancellations and lapses or surrenders of policies.
Contract holders may choose to defer or cease paying insurance premiums. Other
ways in which we could be negatively affected by economic conditions include,
but are not limited to: 

 •       declines
in the valuation and performance of our investment portfolio, including
declines attributable to rapid increases in interest rates; 

 •       increased
credit losses; 

 •       declines
in the value of other assets; 

 •       impairments
of goodwill and other long-lived assets; 

 •       additional
statutory capital requirements; 

 •       limitations
on our ability to recover deferred tax assets; 

 •       a
decline in new business levels and renewals; 

 •       a
decline in insured values caused by a decrease in activity at client
organizations; 

 •       an
increase in liability for future policy benefits due to loss recognition on
certain long-duration insurance contracts; 

 •       higher
borrowing costs and more limited availability of credit; 

 •       an
increase in policy surrenders and cancellations; and 

 •       a
write-off of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC). 

 Sustained low
interest rates, or rapidly increasing interest rates, may materially and
adversely affect our profitability.   Recent
periods have been characterized by low interest rates relative to historical
levels.   Sustained low interest rates can
negatively affect the performance of our investment securities and reduce the
level of investment income earned on our investment portfolios. If a low
interest rate environment persists, we may experience lower investment income
growth. Due to practical and capital markets limitations, we may not be able to
fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our assets
relative to our liabilities. Continued low interest rates could also impair our
ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our
products at the time they were sold and issued. Changes in interest rates may
be correlated with inflation trends, which would impact our loss trends. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            17 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 On
the other hand, in periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be
able to replace, in a timely manner, the investments in our general account
with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates
necessary to keep interest rate sensitive products competitive. Therefore, we
may have to accept a lower credit spread and, thus, lower profitability or face
a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets.
In addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may tend to increase as
policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as interest rates
rise. This process may result in cash outflows requiring that we sell
investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected
by the increase in interest rates. This may result in realized investment
losses. An increase in interest rates could also have a material adverse effect
on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the
estimated fair values of the fixed income securities that comprise a
substantial portion of our investment portfolio. This in turn could adversely
affect our ability to realize our deferred tax assets. 

 Investment Portfolio, Concentration of Investments,
Insurance and other Exposures 

 The performance and value of
our investment portfolio  are subject to a
number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest rates .
 Our investment securities are subject to market risks and uncertainties.
In particular, interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including
monetary and fiscal policy, domestic and international economic and political
issues and other factors beyond our control. Changes in monetary policy or
other factors may cause interest rates to rise, which would adversely affect
the value of the fixed income securities that we hold and could adversely
affect our ability to sell these securities. In addition, the evaluation of
available-for-sale securities for other-than-temporary impairments, which may
occur if interest rates rise, is a quantitative and qualitative process that is
subject to significant management judgment. For a sensitivity analysis of our
exposure to certain market risk factors, see  Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise
Risk Management – Market Risk Management . Furthermore, our alternative
investment portfolio includes investments for which changes in fair value are
reported through operating income and are therefore subject to significant
volatility.  In an economic downturn or declining market, the reduction in our
investment income due to decreases in the fair value of alternative investments
could have a material adverse effect on operating income. 

 Our investment portfolio is
concentrated in certain segments of the economy.  Our results of
operations and financial condition have in the past been, and may in the future
be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our investment
portfolio. We have significant exposure in real estate and real estate-related
securities, including residential mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed
and other asset-backed securities and commercial mortgage loans. We also have
significant exposures to financial institutions and, in particular, to money
center and global banks; certain industries, such as energy and utilities; U.S.
state and local government issuers and authorities; and Euro Zone financial
institutions, governments and corporations. Events or developments that have a
negative effect on any particular industry, asset class, group of related
industries or geographic region may adversely affect our investments to the
extent they are concentrated in such segments. Our ability to sell assets
concentrated in such areas may be limited. 

 Concentration of our insurance
and other risk exposures may have adverse
effects.  We may be exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in our
insurance policies, derivatives and other obligations that we undertake for
customers and counterparties. We manage these concentration risks by monitoring
the accumulation of our exposures to factors such as exposure type, industry,
geographic region, counterparty and other factors. We also seek to use
reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to limit or offset exposures that
exceed the limits we wish to retain. In certain circumstances, however, these
risk management arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms or may
prove to be ineffective for certain exposures. Also, our exposure for certain
single risk coverages and other coverages may be so large that adverse experience
compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated results of operations or result in additional statutory capital
requirements for our subsidiaries.  Also see Item 7. MD&A – Business
Segment Operations – Commercial Insurance – Business Strategy and – Commercial
Insurance – Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors.    

 Our valuation of investment securities may include
methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing
interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may
materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity.   During periods of market
disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our investment securities
if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable.
There may be cases where certain assets in normally active markets with
significant observable data become inactive with insufficient observable data
due to the financial environment or market conditions in effect at that time.
As a result, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less
observable or require greater estimation and judgment as well as valuation
methods that are more complex. These values may not be realized in a market transaction,
may not reflect the value of the asset and may change very rapidly as market
conditions change and valuation assumptions are modified. Decreases in value
and/or an inability to realize that value in a market transaction or secured
lending transaction may have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition and liquidity. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              18   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 Reserves and Exposures 

 Insurance liabilities are difficult to
predict and may exceed the related reserves for losses and loss expenses. 
 We regularly review the adequacy
of the established loss reserves and conduct extensive analyses of our reserves
during the year. Our loss reserves, however, may develop adversely. Estimation
of ultimate net losses, loss expenses and loss reserves is a complex process,
particularly for long-tail liability lines of business. These lines include,
but are not limited to, general liability, commercial automobile liability,
environmental, workers' compensation, excess casualty and crisis management
coverages, insurance and risk management programs for large corporate customers
and other customized structured insurance products, as well as excess and
umbrella liability, errors and omissions, products liability, programs and
specialty. There is also greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with
respect to new business, particularly new business that is generated with
respect to more recently introduced product lines. In these cases, there is
less historical experience or knowledge and less data upon which the actuaries
can rely. Estimating reserves is further complicated by unexpected claims or
unintended coverages that emerge due to changing conditions. These emerging
issues may increase the size or number of claims beyond our underwriting intent
and may not become apparent for many years after a policy is issued. 

 While we use a number of analytical reserve development
techniques to project future loss development, reserves have been and may be
significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development
factors that were relied upon in setting the reserves. For example, in the
fourth quarters of 2016 and 2015, we recorded net charges of $5.6 billion and
$3.6 billion, respectively, to strengthen our Property Casualty Insurance
Companies' loss reserves, reflecting adverse development in classes of business
with long reporting tails, primarily in casualty, U.S. financial lines and
run-off lines. These changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors
could be due to changes in actual versus expected claims and losses, difficulties
in predicting changes, such as changes in inflation, unemployment duration, or
other social or economic factors affecting claims, including the judicial
environment. Any deviation in loss cost trends or in loss development factors
might not be identified for an extended period of time after we record the
initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year or number of years.  For
a further discussion of our loss reserves, see   Item 7.
MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates — Insurance Liabilities —
Loss Reserves and Insurance Reserves — Loss Reserves and Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements .  

 Our consolidated results of
operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the
effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events.  Events such as
hurricanes, windstorms, flooding, earthquakes, wildfires, solar storms, acts of
terrorism, explosions and fires, cyber-crimes, product defects, pandemic and
other highly contagious diseases, mass torts and other catastrophes have
adversely affected our business in the past and could do so in the future. In
addition, we recognize the scientific consensus that climate change is a
reality of increasing concern, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse
gases, a warming atmosphere and ocean, diminished snow and ice, and sea level
rise. We understand that climate change potentially poses a serious financial
threat to society as a whole, with implications for the insurance industry in
areas such as catastrophe risk perception, pricing and modeling assumptions.
Because there is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate
change, we cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses
may impact our business.     

 Such catastrophic events, and any relevant
regulations, could expose us to: 

 •       widespread
claim costs associated with property, workers’ compensation, A&H, business
interruption and mortality and morbidity claims; 

 •       loss
resulting from a decline in the value of our invested assets; 

 •       limitations
on our ability to recover deferred tax assets;  

 •       loss
resulting from actual policy experience that is adverse compared to the
assumptions made in product pricing;  

 •       declines
in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other entities whose
securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with and have credit
exposure to, including reinsurers, and declines in the value of investments;
and  

 •       significant
interruptions to our systems and operations. 

 Catastrophic events are generally unpredictable. 
Our exposure to catastrophes depends on various factors, including the
frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the rate of inflation and the value
and geographic or other concentrations of insured companies and individuals.
Vendor models and proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage
catastrophe exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions
or estimates.   

 In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and court
decisions following major catastrophes could require us to pay the insured
beyond the provisions of the original insurance policy and may prohibit the
application of a deductible, resulting in inflated catastrophe claims. 

 For further details on potential catastrophic events,
including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see Item 7.
MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management — Insurance Risks .  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            19 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 Interest
rate fluctuations, increased lapses and surrenders, declining investment
returns and other events may require our subsidiaries to accelerate the
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) and record additional
liabilities for future policy benefits.  We incur significant costs in
connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. DAC represents
deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful
acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. The recovery of
these costs is generally dependent upon the future profitability of the related
business, but DAC amortization varies based on the type of contract. For
long-duration traditional business, DAC is generally amortized in proportion to
premium revenue and varies with lapse experience.  Actual lapses in excess of
expectations can result in an acceleration of DAC amortization. 

 DAC for investment-oriented products is generally amortized
in proportion to estimated gross profits.  Estimated gross profits are affected
by a number of assumptions, including current and expected interest rates, net
investment income and spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees,
surrender rates, mortality experience and equity market returns and
volatility.  If actual and/or future estimated gross profits are less than
originally expected, then the amortization of these costs would be accelerated in
the period the actual experience is known and would result in a charge to
income.  For example, if interest rates rise rapidly and significantly,
customers with policies that have interest crediting rates below the current
market may seek competing products with higher returns and we may experience an
increase in surrenders and withdrawals of life and annuity contracts, resulting
in a decrease in future profitability and an acceleration of the amortization
of DAC.  

 We also periodically review products for potential loss
recognition events, principally insurance-oriented products.  This review
involves estimating the future profitability of in-force business and requires
significant management judgment about assumptions including mortality,
morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns, including
net realized capital gains (losses). If actual experience or estimates result
in projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining DAC
and record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit
expense, which could negatively affect our results of operations.   For
further discussion of DAC and future policy benefits, see   Item 7.
MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates and Notes 9 and   13  to the
Consolidated Financial Statements .  

 Reinsurance may not be
available or affordable and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. 
Our subsidiaries are major purchasers of reinsurance and we use reinsurance as
part of our overall risk management strategy. While reinsurance does not
discharge our subsidiaries from their obligation to pay claims for losses
insured under our policies, it does make the reinsurer liable to them for the
reinsured portion of the risk. For this reason, reinsurance is an important
tool to manage transaction and insurance line risk retention and to mitigate
losses from catastrophes. Market conditions beyond our control determine the
availability and cost of reinsurance. For example, reinsurance may be more
difficult or costly to obtain after a year with a large number of major
catastrophes. We may, at certain times, be forced to incur additional expenses
for reinsurance or may be unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable
terms. In the latter case, we would have to accept an increase in exposure to
risk, reduce the amount of business written by our subsidiaries or seek
alternatives in line with our risk limits.  

 Additionally, we are exposed to credit risk with respect to
our subsidiaries’ reinsurers to the extent the reinsurance receivable is not
secured by collateral or does not benefit from other credit enhancements. We
also bear the risk that a reinsurer may be unwilling to pay amounts we have
recorded as reinsurance recoverable for any reason, including that (i) the
terms of the reinsurance contract do not reflect the intent of the parties of
the contract or there is a disagreement between the parties as to their intent,
(ii) the terms of the contract cannot be legally enforced, (iii) the terms of
the contract are interpreted by a court or arbitration panel differently than
intended, (iv) the reinsurance transaction performs differently than we
anticipated due to a flawed design of the reinsurance structure, terms or
conditions, or (v) a change in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation
of the laws and regulations, materially impacts a reinsurance
transaction. The insolvency of one or more of our reinsurers, or inability
or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of our contracts, could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity.  

 Additionally, the use of reinsurance placed in the capital
markets, such as through catastrophe bonds, may not provide the same levels of
protection as traditional reinsurance transactions. Any disruption, volatility
and uncertainty in the catastrophe bond market, such as following a major
catastrophe event, may limit our ability to access such market on terms
favorable to us or at all. Also, to the extent that we intend to use catastrophe
bond transactions based on an industry loss index or other non-indemnity
trigger rather than on actual losses incurred by us, we could be subject to
residual risk. Our inability to obtain adequate reinsurance or other protection   could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.  

 We currently have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist
attacks.  Further, the availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism
is limited. We rely heavily on the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA), which provides U.S. government risk assistance to
the insurance industry to manage the exposure to terrorism incidents in the
United States. TRIPRA was reauthorized in January 2015 and is scheduled to
expire on December 31, 2020. Under TRIPRA, once our losses for certain acts of
terrorism exceed a deductible equal to 20 percent of our commercial property
and casualty insurance premiums for covered lines for the prior calendar year,
the federal government will reimburse us for losses in excess of our
deductible, starting at 85 percent of losses in 2015 (84 percent in 2016), and
reducing by one percentage point each year, ending at 80 percent in 2020, up to
a total industry program limit of $100 billion. TRIPRA does not cover losses in
certain lines of business such as consumer property and  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              20   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 consumer
casualty. We also rely on the government sponsored and government arranged
terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S.
jurisdictions. 

 For additional information on our reinsurance recoverable,
see   Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management —
Insurance Risks — Reinsurance Recoverable .    

 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL AND CREDIT 

 AIG Parent’s ability to access
funds from our subsidiaries is limited.  As a holding company, AIG Parent
depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to
fund dividends on AIG Common Stock, to fund repurchases of AIG Common Stock and
warrants and to make payments due on its obligations, including its outstanding
debt. The majority of our investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries.
Our subsidiaries may be limited in their ability to make dividend payments or
other distributions, to AIG Parent in the future because of the need to support
their own capital levels or because of regulatory limits or rating agency
requirements. The inability of our subsidiaries to make payments, dividends or
other distributions in an amount sufficient to enable AIG Parent to meet its
cash requirements could have an adverse effect on our operations, and on our
ability to pay dividends, repurchase AIG Common Stock and warrants or to meet
our debt service obligations. 

 Our internal sources of
liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs.  We need liquidity to
pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt, maturing debt obligations and
to meet capital needs of our subsidiaries. If our liquidity is insufficient to
meet our needs, we may at the time need to have recourse to third-party financing,
external capital markets or other sources of liquidity, which may not be
available or could be prohibitively expensive. The availability and cost of any
additional financing at any given time depends on a variety of factors,
including general market conditions, the volume of trading activities, the
overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and our credit ratings and
credit capacity. It is also possible that, as a result of such recourse to
external financing, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative
perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. Disruptions,
volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, and downgrades in our
credit ratings, may limit our ability to access external capital markets at
times and on terms favorable to us to meet our capital and liquidity needs or
prevent our accessing the external capital markets or other financing sources.  For
a further discussion of our liquidity, see   Item 7. MD&A —
Liquidity and Capital Resources .  

 AIG Parent’s ability to support
our subsidiaries is limited.   AIG Parent
has in the past and expects to continue to provide capital to our subsidiaries
as necessary to maintain regulatory capital ratios, comply with rating agency
requirements and meet unexpected cash flow obligations.  If AIG Parent is
unable to satisfy a capital need of a subsidiary, the credit rating agencies
could downgrade the subsidiary insurer’s financial strength ratings or the
subsidiary could become insolvent or, in certain cases, could be seized by its
regulator.  

 Our subsidiaries may not be
able to generate cash to meet their needs due to the illiquidity of some of
their investments.  Our subsidiaries have investments in certain
securities that may be illiquid, including certain fixed income securities and
certain structured securities, private company securities, investments in
private equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage loans, finance receivables and
real estate. Collectively, investments in these assets had a fair value of
$58 billion at December 31, 2016. Adverse real estate and capital
markets, and wider credit spreads, have in the past, and may in the future,
materially adversely affect the liquidity of our other securities portfolios,
including our residential and commercial mortgage‑related securities
portfolios. In the event additional liquidity is required by one or more of our
subsidiaries and AIG Parent is unable to provide it, it may be difficult for
these subsidiaries to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or otherwise
monetizing these less liquid investments. 

 A downgrade in the Insurer
Financial Strength ratings of our insurance companies could limit their ability
to write or prevent them from writing new business and retaining customers and
business.  Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) ratings are an important
factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. IFS
ratings measure an insurance company’s ability to meet its obligations to
contract holders and policyholders. High ratings help maintain public
confidence in a company’s products, facilitate marketing of products and
enhance its competitive position. Downgrades of the IFS ratings of our
insurance companies could prevent these companies from selling, or make it more
difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, or result in
increased policy cancellations, lapses and surrenders, termination of assumed
reinsurance contracts, or return of premiums. Under credit rating agency
policies concerning the relationship between parent and subsidiary ratings, a
downgrade in AIG Parent’s credit ratings could result in a downgrade of the IFS
ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. Certain rating agencies recently negatively
revised the outlook for our IFS ratings, primarily as a result of our reserve
strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2016 and related concerns regarding our
profitability outlook. We cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take,
or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating agencies,
which could adversely affect our business. 

 A downgrade in our credit
ratings could require us to post additional collateral and result in the
termination of derivative transactions.  Credit ratings estimate a
company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect the cost and
availability of financing. A downgrade of our long-term debt ratings by the
major rating agencies would require us to post additional collateral payments
related to derivative transactions to which we are a party, and could permit
the termination of these derivative transactions.  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            21 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 This
could adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in
a reporting period or our liquidity. In the event of further downgrades of two
notches to our long-term senior debt ratings, AIG would be required to post
additional collateral of $106 million, and certain of our counterparties would
be permitted to elect early termination of contracts. Certain rating agencies
recently negatively revised our credit ratings and ratings outlooks, primarily
as a result of our reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2016 and
related concerns regarding our profitability outlook. We cannot predict what
actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to
the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. 

 Business and operations 

 Our restructuring initiatives
may not yield our expected reductions in
expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. 
We may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and
operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result from
our restructuring initiatives. Actual costs to implement these initiatives may
exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement these initiatives.
The implementation of these initiatives may harm our relationships with
customers or employees or our competitive position. The successful
implementation of these initiatives has required us and will continue to require
us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems
enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and
other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond
our control. If we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions
and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our
relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position, our
businesses and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

 Certain of our products have guarantees that
may increase the volatility of our results.    We have offered
variable annuity and life insurance products with features that guarantee a certain
level of benefits, including guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB),
guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), guaranteed minimum withdrawal
benefits (GMWB), and products with guaranteed interest crediting rates tied to
an index.  See Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies Key
Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program for a
discussion of market risk management related to these product features .   

 Differences
between the change in fair value of GMWB embedded derivatives and the related
hedging portfolio can be caused by extreme and unanticipated movements in the
equity markets, interest rates and market volatility, policyholder behavior and
our inability to purchase hedging instruments at prices consistent with the
desired risk and return trade-off.  While we believe that our actions have
reduced the risks related to guaranteed benefits and guaranteed interest
crediting, our exposure may not be fully hedged. We may be liable if
counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay, although the majority of our hedging
derivative instruments are exchange-traded, exchange-cleared and/or highly
collateralized. We also remain exposed to the risk that policyholder behavior
and mortality may differ from our assumptions. Finally, while we believe the
impact of downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility or reduced
interest rates would be mitigated by our economic hedging program, the
occurrence of one or more of these events could result in an increase in the
liabilities associated with the guaranteed benefits that is not fully offset by
the hedging program, reducing our net income and shareholders’ equity.  See
Notes 5 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1 – Business –
Regulation, and Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates for more
information regarding these products .  

 Indemnity claims could be made against us in
connection with divested businesses.  We
have provided financial guarantees and indemnities in connection with the
businesses we have sold, as described in greater detail in Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.    While
we do not currently believe that claims under these indemnities will be
material, it is possible that significant indemnity claims could be made
against us. If such a claim or claims were successful, it could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. See Note
16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on these
financial guarantees and indemnities.  

 Our foreign operations expose us to risks
that may affect our operations.  We
provide insurance, investment and other financial products and services to both
businesses and individuals in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. A
substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, and
we intend to continue to grow business in strategic markets. Operations outside
the United States may be affected by regional economic downturns, changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, political events or upheaval, nationalization
and other restrictive government actions, which could also affect our other
operations. 

 The degree of
regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries
operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements
and it is possible that local licenses may require AIG Parent to meet certain
conditions. Licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are
subject to modification and revocation. Consequently, our insurance
subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting future business in some of the
jurisdictions where they currently operate. Adverse actions from any single
country could adversely affect our results of operations, depending on the
magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              22   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 On June 23, 2016, the UK held a
referendum in which a majority voted for the UK to withdraw its membership in
the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit. The terms of withdrawal are subject to
a formal two-year negotiation period which, as publicly stated by the UK Prime
Minister, is expected to be initiated by the end of March 2017 by invoking
Article 50 of the Treaty of the European Union.   It is not clear at this
stage (and may not be for some time) what form the UK’s future relationship
with the remaining EU member states will take. We have significant operations
and employees in the UK and other EU member states, including AIG Europe Ltd.,
which enjoys certain benefits based on the UK’s membership in the EU. In order
to adapt to Brexit, we may be required to reorganize our operations and legal
entity structure in the UK and the EU in a manner that could be less efficient
and more expensive. Brexit has also affected the U.S. dollar/British pound
exchange rate, increased the volatility of exchange rates among the Major
Currencies, and created volatility in the financial markets, which may continue
for some time. 

 We may experience difficulty in marketing and
distributing products through our current and future distribution channels.  Although we distribute our products through a wide variety
of distribution channels, we maintain relationships with certain key
distributors. Distributors have in the past, and may in the future, elect to
renegotiate the terms of existing relationships, or reduce or terminate their
distribution relationships with us, including for such reasons as industry
consolidation of distributors or other industry changes that increase the
competition for access to distributors, developments in legislation or
regulation that affect our business, adverse developments in our business,
adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. An
interruption in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability
to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our
businesses, operating results and financial condition. 

 In addition,
when our products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be
able to monitor or control the manner of their distribution, despite our training
and compliance programs. If our products are distributed to customers for whom
they are unsuitable or distributed in any other inappropriate manner, we may
suffer reputational and other harm to our business.  

 Significant legal proceedings may adversely
affect our results of operations or financial condition.  We are party to numerous legal proceedings, including
class actions and regulatory and governmental investigations. Due to the nature
of these proceedings, the lack of precise damage claims and the type of claims
we are subject to, we cannot currently quantify our ultimate or maximum
liability for these actions. Developments in these unresolved matters could
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or
consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period. Starr
International Company, Inc. (SICO) has brought suit against the United States
challenging the government’s assistance of AIG, pursuant to which (i) AIG
entered into a credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
(ii) the United States received an approximately 80 percent ownership interest
in AIG.  The United States has alleged that AIG is obligated to indemnify
the United States for any recoveries in these lawsuits.  A determination
that the United States is liable for damages in such suits, together with a
determination that AIG is obligated to indemnify the United States for any such
damages, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated
financial condition and results of operations.  For a discussion of the SICO
litigation and other unresolved matters, see Note 16 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

 If we are unable to maintain the availability
of our electronic data systems and safeguard the security of our data, our
ability to conduct business may be compromised, which could adversely affect
our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and use
customer, employee, and company data and information. Some of these systems, in
turn, rely upon third-party systems. Our business is highly dependent on our
ability to access these systems to perform necessary business functions. These
functions include providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments,
making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering
variable annuity products and mutual funds, providing customer support and
managing our investment portfolios. Systems failures or outages could
compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which
could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our
business partners and customers. In the event of a natural disaster, a computer
virus, unauthorized access, a terrorist attack, cyber-attack or other
disruption inside or outside the U.S., our systems may be inaccessible to our
employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and
our employees may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of
time if our data or systems are disabled or destroyed. Our systems have in the
past been, and may in the future be, subject to unauthorized access, such as
physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. Like other global
companies, we have, from time to time, experienced threats to our data and
systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access,
systems failures and disruptions. There is no assurance that our security
measures will provide fully effective protection from such events.  AIG
maintains cyber risk insurance, but this insurance may not cover all costs
associated with the consequences of personal, confidential or proprietary
information being compromised. In some cases, such unauthorized access may not
be immediately detected. This may impede or interrupt our business operations
and could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of
operations.  

 In addition, we
routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary
information by email and other electronic means. Although we attempt to keep
such information confidential, we may be unable to do so in all events,
especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other
third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect personal,
confidential or proprietary information. Furthermore, certain of our businesses
are subject to compliance with laws and regulations  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            23 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 enacted
by U.S. federal and state governments, the European Union or other
jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges
relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees
or others. The compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information
could result in remediation costs, legal liability, regulatory action and
reputational harm.  

 In connection
with our restructuring and efficiency initiatives we are evaluating and
enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes. Due to the complexity
and interconnectedness of our systems and processes, these changes, as well as
changes designed to update and enhance our protective measures to address new
threats, increase the risk of a system or process failure or the creation of a
gap in our security measures. Any such failure or gap could adversely affect
our business operations and the advancement of our restructuring initiatives. 

 Business or asset acquisitions and
dispositions may expose us to certain risks.  The completion of any announced business or asset
acquisition or disposition is subject to risks relating to the receipt of
required regulatory approvals, the terms and conditions of regulatory approvals,
the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise
to the termination of a transaction and the risk that parties may not be
willing or able to satisfy the conditions to a transaction. As a result, there
can be no assurance that any announced business or asset acquisition or
disposition will be completed as contemplated, or at all, or regarding the
expected timing of the completion of the acquisition or disposition. Once we
complete acquisitions or dispositions, there can be no assurance that we will
realize the anticipated benefits of any transaction. For example, the
integration of businesses we acquire may not be as successful as we anticipate.
Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including operational, strategic, financial,
accounting, legal and tax risks. Difficulties in integrating an acquired
business may result in the acquired business performing differently than we
expected or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies.
Our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions.
Risks resulting from future acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. In connection with a
business or asset disposition, we may also hold a concentrated position in
securities of the acquirer as part of the consideration, which subjects us to
risks related to the price of equity securities and our ability to monetize
such securities. 

 REGULATION 

 Our businesses
are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may affect our operations,
increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our
profitability.   

 Our operations
generally, and our insurance subsidiaries, in particular, are subject to
extensive and potentially conflicting supervision and regulation by national
authorities and by the various jurisdictions in which we do business.
Supervision and regulation relate to numerous aspects of our business and
financial condition. State and foreign regulators also periodically review and
investigate our insurance businesses, including AIG-specific and industry-wide
practices. The primary purpose of insurance regulation is the protection of our
insurance contract holders, and not our investors. The extent of domestic
regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes. These statutes
delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to state
insurance departments. 

 We strive to
maintain all required licenses and approvals. However, our businesses may not
fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations. The
relevant authority’s interpretation of the laws and regulations also may change
from time to time. Regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to
grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have the required
licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory
requirements, these authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from
carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines. Further,
insurance regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue
orders of supervision, which permit them to supervise the business and
operations of an insurance company. 

 In the U.S., the
RBC formula is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory
surplus in relation to the risks inherent in its business. Virtually every
state has adopted, in substantial part, the RBC Model Law promulgated by the
NAIC, which specifies the regulatory actions the insurance regulator may take
if an insurer’s RBC calculations fall below specific thresholds. Those actions
range from requiring an insurer to submit a plan describing how it would regain
a specified RBC ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company.
Regulators at the state, federal and international levels are also considering
the imposition of additional group-wide capital requirements on certain
insurance companies designated as systemically important, that may augment
state-law RBC standards that apply at the legal entity level, and such capital
calculations may be made on bases other than the statutory statements of our
insurance subsidiaries. We cannot predict the effect these initiatives may have
on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  See
“Our status as a nonbank systemically important financial institution, as well
as the enactment of Dodd-Frank, subjects us to substantial additional federal
regulation, which may materially and adversely affect our businesses, results
of operations and cash flows” and “Actions by foreign governments and
regulators could subject us to substantial additional regulation”  below for
additional information on increased capital requirements that may be imposed on
us. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              24   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign
jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses
may require AIG Parent to meet certain conditions. Licenses issued by foreign
authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation.
Accordingly, our insurance subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting
future business in certain of the jurisdictions where they currently operate.
Adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition, depending on the magnitude of
the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country. 

 See Item 1.
Business – Regulation for further discussion of our regulatory environment. 

 Our status as a nonbank systemically
important financial institution, as well as the enactment of Dodd-Frank,
subjects us to substantial additional federal regulation, which may materially
and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations and cash flows.  On July 21, 2010, Dodd-Frank, which effects comprehensive
changes to the regulation of financial services in the United States, was
signed into law. Dodd-Frank directs existing and newly created government
agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations implementing the law, which is an
ongoing process. However, in light of the recent change in administration in
the United States, there is considerable uncertainty as to the future timing
and extent of the federal regulation of nonbank systemically important
financial institutions and even the appropriateness of federal regulation of
them in general might be questioned. 

 We cannot
predict the requirements of the regulations ultimately adopted, the level and
magnitude of supervision we may become subject to, or how Dodd-Frank and such
regulations will affect the financial markets generally or our businesses,
results of operations or cash flows. It is possible that the regulations
adopted under Dodd-Frank and our regulation by the FRB as a nonbank SIFI could
significantly alter our business practices, limit our ability to engage in
capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and
impose burdensome and costly requirements and additional costs. Some of the
regulations may also affect the perceptions of regulators, customers, counterparties,
creditors or investors about our financial strength and could potentially
affect our financing costs. 

 See Item 1.
Business – Regulation for further discussion of the details of these
regulations as they apply to AIG and its businesses. 

 Actions by foreign governments and regulators
could subject us to substantial additional regulation.     We
cannot predict the impact laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions
may have on the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of
operations or cash flows.  It is possible such laws and regulations, the impact
of our designation as a global systemically important insurer (G-SII), our
status as an Internationally Active Insurance Group (IAIG) and certain
initiatives by the FSB and the IAIS, including, but not limited to, the
application of HLA capital and the ongoing development of an ICS, and
implementation of Solvency II in the European Union, may significantly alter
our business practices.  They may also limit our ability to engage in capital or
liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose
burdensome requirements and additional costs.  It is possible that the laws and
regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions will differ from one another, and
that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other
jurisdictions including the United States.  

 For further
details on these international regulations and their potential impact on AIG
and its businesses, see Item 1. Business – Regulation — Other Regulatory
Developments. 

 The USA PATRIOT Act, the Office of Foreign
Assets Control regulations and similar laws and regulations that apply to us
may expose us to significant penalties. 
The operations of our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations,
including, in some cases, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which require companies
to know certain information about their clients and to monitor their
transactions for suspicious activities. Also, the Department of the Treasury’s Office
of Foreign Assets Control administers regulations requiring U.S. persons to
refrain from doing business, or allowing their clients to do business through
them, with certain organizations or individuals on a prohibited list maintained
by the U.S. government or with certain countries. The United Kingdom, the
European Union and other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations.
Although we have instituted compliance programs to address these requirements,
there are inherent risks in global transactions. 

 Attempts to efficiently manage the impact of
Regulation XXX and Actuarial Guideline AXXX may fail in whole or in part
resulting in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  The NAIC Model
Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires
insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance
policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with
secondary guarantees. In addition,  NAIC   Actuarial Guideline 38 (AG
38, also referred to as Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation
XXX as to certain universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees.  

 Our domestic
Life Insurance Companies manage the capital impact of statutory reserve
requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX through reinsurance
transactions, to maintain their ability to offer competitive pricing and
successfully market such products. If regulations change with respect to our
ability to manage the capital impact of certain statutory reserve requirements,
our statutory reserve requirements could increase, or our ability to take
reserve credit for reinsurance transactions could be reduced or eliminated. As
a result, we could be required to increase prices on our products, raise
capital to replace the reserve credit provided by  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            25 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 the
reinsurance transactions or incur higher expenses to obtain reinsurance, each
of which could adversely affect our competitive position, financial condition
or results of operations. If our actions to efficiently manage the impact of
Regulation XXX or Guideline AXXX on future sales of term and universal life
insurance products are not successful, we may incur higher operating costs or our
sales of these products may be affected.  See Note 19 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on statutory reserving
requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX and our use of
reinsurance. 

 New regulations may affect our businesses,
results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively.  Legislators and regulators may periodically consider
various proposals that may affect our business practices and product designs,
how we sell or service certain products we offer, or the profitability of
certain of our businesses. New regulations may even affect our ability to
conduct certain businesses at all, including proposals relating to restrictions
on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to
engage and the size of financial institutions. These proposals could also
impose additional taxes on a limited subset of financial institutions and
insurance companies (either based on size, activities, geography, government
support or other criteria). It is uncertain whether and how these and other
such proposals would apply to us or our competitors or how they could impact
our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and ability to
compete effectively. 

 An “ownership change” could limit our ability
to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income.  As of December 31, 2016, we had a U.S. federal net
operating loss carryforward of approximately $34.6 billion and $4.9 billion in
foreign tax credits (tax loss and credit carryforwards). Our ability to use
these tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be significantly
limited if we experience an “ownership change” as defined in Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In general, an ownership
change will occur when the percentage of AIG Parent's ownership (by value) of
one or more “5-percent shareholders” (as defined in the Code) has increased by
more than 50 percent over the lowest percentage owned by such shareholders at
any time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). An
entity that experiences an ownership change generally will be subject to an
annual limitation on its pre-ownership change tax loss and credit carryforwards
equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately before the ownership
change, multiplied by the long-term, tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the IRS
(subject to certain adjustments). The annual limitation would be increased each
year to the extent that there is an unused limitation in a prior year. The
limitation on our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards arising
from an ownership change under Section 382 would depend on the value of our equity
at the time of any ownership change.  If we were to experience an “ownership
change”, it is possible that a significant portion of our tax loss and credit
carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them to offset future
taxable income. 

 On March 9,
2011, our Board adopted our Tax Asset Protection Plan (the Plan) to help
protect these tax loss and credit carryforwards, and on December 14, 2016, the
Board adopted an amendment to the Plan, extending its expiration date to December
14, 2019. The Board intends to submit the amendment of the Plan to our shareholders
for ratification at our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  At our 2011
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, shareholders adopted a protective amendment to
our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Protective Amendment), which is
designed to prevent certain transfers of AIG Common Stock that could result in
an “ownership change” and currently expires on May 12, 2017.  The Board intends
to submit to our shareholders for approval at our 2017 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to adopt a successor to the Protective Amendment that contains
substantially the same terms as the Protective Amendment but would expire on
the third anniversary of the date of our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.   

 The Plan is
designed to reduce the likelihood of an “ownership change” by (i) discouraging
any person or group from becoming a 4.99 percent shareholder and (ii)
discouraging any existing 4.99 percent shareholder from acquiring additional
shares of AIG Common Stock. The Protective Amendment generally restricts any
transfer of AIG Common Stock that would (i) increase the ownership by any
person to 4.99 percent or more of AIG stock then outstanding or (ii) increase
the percentage of AIG stock owned by a Five Percent Stockholder (as defined in
the Plan). Despite the intentions of the Plan and the Protective Amendment to
deter and prevent an “ownership change”, such an event may still occur. In
addition, the Plan and the Protective Amendment may make it more difficult and
more expensive to acquire us, and may discourage open market purchases of AIG
Common Stock or a non-negotiated tender or exchange offer for AIG Common Stock.
Accordingly, the Plan and the Protective Amendment may limit a shareholder’s ability
to realize a premium over the market price of AIG Common Stock in connection
with any stock transaction. 

 Changes in tax laws could increase our
corporate taxes, reduce our deferred tax assets or make some of our products
less attractive to consumers.       Changes in tax laws
or their interpretation could negatively impact our business or results.   Some
proposed changes could have the effect of increasing our effective tax rate by
reducing deductions or increasing income inclusions, such as denying deductions
for the purchase of foreign goods and services, possibly including reinsurance,
or placing restrictions on interest expense.  Conversely, other changes, such
as lowering the U.S. federal corporate tax rate discussed recently in the
context of tax reform, could reduce the value of our deferred tax assets and
reduce the value of our investments in tax-exempt securities.  In addition,
changes in the way foreign taxes can be credited against U.S. taxes, the ways
insurance companies calculate and deduct reserves for tax purposes, and
impositions of new or changed premium, value added and other indirect taxes
could increase our tax expense, thereby reducing earnings.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              26   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 In addition to proposing to change the taxation of corporations
in general and insurance companies in particular, the U.S. Government has
considered proposals that could tax income earned by customers on certain life
insurance and annuity products.  These changes could reduce demand in the U.S.
for life insurance and annuity contracts, which would reduce our income due to
lower sales of these products or potential increased surrenders of in-force
business. Similarly, proposals that lower U.S. individual federal income tax
rates or repeal the federal estate tax could also reduce demand in the U.S. for
certain life insurance or annuity contracts. 

 It remains difficult
to predict whether or when there will be any tax law changes having a material
adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, as the
impact of broad proposals on our business can vary substantially depending upon
the specific changes made and how the changes are implemented by the
authorities. 

 COMPETITION and employees 

 We face intense competition in each of our
businesses.  Our businesses operate in
highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. Our principal
competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as
banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. The insurance
industry in particular is highly competitive. Within the U.S., our Property
Casualty Insurance Companies compete with other stock companies, specialty
insurance organizations, mutual insurance companies and other underwriting
organizations. Our Life Insurance Companies compete in the U.S. with life
insurance companies and other participants in related financial services
fields. Overseas, our subsidiaries compete for business with the foreign
insurance operations of large U.S. insurers and with global insurance groups
and local companies. 

 Reductions of
our credit ratings or negative publicity may make it more difficult to compete
to retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business
with existing customers and counterparties. General insurance and life
insurance companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria,
product pricing, and terms and conditions. Retirement services companies
compete through crediting rates and the issuance of guaranteed benefits. A
decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors could adversely
affect our profitability. 

 Competition for employees in our industry is
intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people
we need to support our business.  Our
success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key
people. Due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with
demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. In
addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and
difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic
actions and organizational and operational changes. Losing any of our key
people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their
skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the
potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. Our
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees. 

 Managing key employee succession and
retention is critical to our success.  We
would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of
our senior management and other key employees. While we have succession plans
and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our
succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot
guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to
us. 

 Employee error and misconduct may be
difficult to detect and prevent and may result in significant losses.  There have been a number of cases
involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services
industry in recent years and we run the risk that employee misconduct could
occur. Instances of fraud, illegal acts, errors, failure to document
transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization, misuse of
customer or proprietary information, or failure to comply with regulatory
requirements or our internal policies may result in losses and/or reputational
damage. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and
the controls that we have in place to prevent and detect this activity may not
be effective in all cases. 

 Third-party vendors we rely upon to provide
certain business and administrative services on our behalf may not perform as
anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.  We
have taken action to reduce coordination costs and take advantage of economies
of scale by transitioning multiple functions and services to a small number of
third-party providers. We periodically negotiate provisions and renewals of
these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain
acceptable to us or such third parties. If such third-party providers
experience disruptions or do not perform as anticipated, or we experience
problems with a transition to a third-party provider, we may experience
operational difficulties, an inability to meet obligations (including, but not
limited to, policyholder obligations), a loss of business and increased costs,
or suffer other negative consequences, all of which may have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. 

 ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 

 Estimates used in the preparation of
financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business
may differ materially from actual experience.    Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with
U.S. Generally Accepted  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            27 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 1A  |    Risk Factors 

   

   


 
 Accounting Principles (U.S.
GAAP), which requires the application of accounting policies that often involve
a significant degree of judgment.  The accounting policies that we consider
most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, and therefore
may be viewed as critical accounting estimates, are described in Item 7.
MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates.  These accounting estimates
require the use of assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at the time
of estimation. These estimates are based on judgment, current facts and
circumstances, and, when applicable, internally developed models. Therefore,
actual results could differ from these estimates, possibly in the near term,
and could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

 In addition, we
employ models to price products, calculate reserves and value assets, as well
as evaluate risk and determine capital requirements, among other uses. These
models rely on estimates and projections that are inherently uncertain, may use
incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and may not operate
properly. As our businesses continue to expand and evolve, the number and
complexity of models we employ has grown, increasing our exposure to error in
the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input
data, controls and assumptions and the controls we have in place to mitigate
their risk may not be effective in all cases. 

 Changes in accounting principles and
financial reporting requirements could impact our reported results of
operations and our reported financial position.   Our financial statements are  subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which is
periodically revised.   Accordingly, from time to time, we are required to
adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative
bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). The impact
of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but are not yet required to
be implemented is disclosed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.    

 The FASB and
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) have ongoing projects to revise
accounting standards for insurance contracts.  The FASB has focused on
disclosures for short-duration insurance contracts, which primarily relate to
our property casualty products, and on targeted improvements to accounting
measurements and disclosures for long-duration insurance contracts, which
primarily relate to our life and annuity products.  The IASB continues to
contemplate significant changes to accounting measurements for both short and
long-duration insurance contracts. While the final resolution of changes to
U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards pursuant to these
projects remains unclear, changes to the manner in which we account for
insurance products could have a significant impact on our future financial
reports, operations, capital management and business.  Further, the adoption of
a new insurance contracts standard as well as other future accounting standards
could have a material effect on our reported results of operations and reported
financial condition.  

 Changes in our assumptions regarding the
discount rate, expected rate of return, and expected compensation for our
pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses
and reduce our profitability.    We determine our
pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount
rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, expected  increases in compensation levels and trends in health care
costs. Changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained
low interest rate environment or rapidly rising interest rates, may result in
increased expenses and reduce our profitability.  See Note 21 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on our pension and
postretirement benefit plans. 



 
  



 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              28   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS     

   

   


 
 ITEM 1B |  Unresolved Staff Comments 

 There are no material unresolved written comments that were
received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal
year relating to periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 

   

 ITEM 2 |  Properties  

 We operate from approximately
180 offices in the United States and approximately 500 offices in over 70
foreign countries. The following offices are located in buildings in the United
States owned by us: 

 
  
   
   Property Casualty Insurance
  Companies: 
   •       Stevens
  Point, Wisconsin 
   
  
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   •       Amarillo
  and Houston, Texas 
     
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations: 
   •     
   175 Water Street in New York, New York 
   •     
   Livingston, New Jersey 
   •     
   Stowe, Vermont 
   •     
   Ft. Worth, Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 In addition, our Property Casualty Insurance
Companies own offices in approximately 20 foreign countries and jurisdictions
including Argentina, Bermuda, Colombia, Ecuador, Japan, Mexico, the UK and
Venezuela.  The remainder of the office space we use is leased.  We believe
that our leases and properties are sufficient for our current purposes. 

 LOCATIONS OF CERTAIN ASSETS 

 As of December 31, 2016, approximately 11 percent of our
consolidated assets were located outside the U.S. and Canada, including
$532 million of cash and securities on deposit with regulatory authorities
in those locations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional geographic information. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for total carrying values of cash and securities deposited by our
insurance subsidiaries under requirements of regulatory authorities.   

 Operations outside the U.S. and Canada and assets held abroad
may be adversely affected by political developments in foreign countries,
including tax changes, nationalization and changes in regulatory policy, as
well as by consequence of hostilities and unrest. The risks of such occurrences
and their overall effect upon us vary from country to country and cannot be
predicted. If expropriation or nationalization does occur, our policy is to
take all appropriate measures to seek recovery of any affected assets. Certain
of the countries in which our business is conducted have currency restrictions
that generally cause a delay in a company’s ability to repatriate assets and
profits. See Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations for
additional information. 

   

 ITEM 3 |  Legal Proceedings 

 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 16 —
Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 ITEM 4 |  Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            29 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 5  |    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   


 
 Part II 

 


 ITEM 5 |  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 AIG’s
common stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG), as well as on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
There were approximately 27,306 stockholders of record of AIG Common Stock as
of February 13, 2017. 

 The following table presents high and low closing sale prices of
AIG Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape for each quarter
of 2016 and 2015, and the dividends declared per share during those periods: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   High  
   
  
     
   
  
   Low  
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   High
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Low
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
 
   
   First quarter 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.64 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56.42 
   
  
      
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   Second quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.32 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.32 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.81 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   Third quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.86 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.54 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55.66 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.280 
   
  
 
   
   Fourth quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   66.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   57.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.320 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.280 
   
  
 


 

 Dividends 

 


 On February 14,
2017, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on March
15, 2017.  

 Any dividend
payment must be approved by AIG’s Board of Directors. In determining whether to
pay any dividend, our Board of Directors may consider AIG’s financial position,
the performance of our businesses, our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations, capital and liquidity positions and risk profile, our
expectations for capital generation and utilization, the existence of
investment opportunities, and other factors.  AIG
may become subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends and purchases of
AIG Common Stock as a nonbank SIFI and a G-SII. 

 For a discussion
of certain restrictions on the payment of dividends to AIG by some of its
insurance subsidiaries, see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Liquidity, Capital and
Credit — AIG Parent’s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited,
and Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 

 Equity Compensation Plans 

 


 Our table of
equity compensation plans will be included in a Form 10-K/A that will be filed
with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of AIG’s fiscal year.  

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                                30   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 5  |    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   


 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

 


 The following table provides information about purchases made by
or on behalf of AIG or any “affiliated purchaser” (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act)) of AIG Common
Stock during the three months ended December 31, 2016: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average 
   
  
   Total Number of Shares 
   
  
   Approximate Dollar Value of Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   Price Paid 
   
  
   Purchased as Part of Publicly  
   
  
   that May Yet Be Purchased Under the 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Period 
   
  
   Repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   per Share 
   
  
   Announced Plans or Programs 
   
  
   Plans or Programs (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   October 1 –
  31 
   
  
   14,461,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59.89 
   
  
   14,461,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,674 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   November 1
  – 30 
   
  
   19,996,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   61.65 
   
  
   19,996,425 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,396 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 1
  – 31 
   
  
   13,109,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.24 
   
  
   13,109,645 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,496 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   47,567,782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62.10 
   
  
   47,567,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,496 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Our
Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock
through a series of actions. On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors
authorized an additional increase to its previous repurchase authorization of
AIG Common Stock of $3.0 billion.  

 During the
three-month period ended December 31, 2016, we repurchased approximately 48
million shares of AIG Common Stock under this authorization for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $3.0 billion.  Under Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1
plans, from January 1 to February 14, 2017, we repurchased approximately 18
million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$1.2 billion.  

 On February 14,
2017, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase to the
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $3.5 billion, resulting in a
remaining authorization on such date of approximately $4.7 billion. Shares may
be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through
forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase
transactions or otherwise (including through the purchase of warrants). 
Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be
effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any
future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors. 

 See Note 17 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our share
purchases. 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            31 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 5  |    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   


 
 Common
Stock Performance Graph 

 


 The following Performance Graph compares the cumulative total
shareholder return on AIG Common Stock for a five-year period
(December 31, 2011 to December 31, 2016) with the cumulative total
return of the S&P’s 500 stock index (which includes AIG), the S&P
Property and Casualty Insurance Index (S&P P&C Index) and the S&P
Life and Health Insurance Index (S&P L&H Index).   

 The Performance Graph also compares the cumulative total
shareholder return on AIG Common Stock to the return of a group of companies
(the Former Peer Group) consisting of 14 insurance companies to which we
compared our business and operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015: 

 
  
   
   •       AEGON,
  N.V. 
   
  
   •       Lincoln
  National Corporation 
   
  
 
   
   •       Aflac
  Incorporated 
   
  
   •       MetLife,
  Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •       Allianz
  Group 
   
  
   •       Principal
  Financial Group, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •       AXA
  Group 
   
  
   •       Prudential
  Financial, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •       Chubb
  Limited 
   
  
   •       The
  Travelers Companies, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •       CNA
  Financial Corporation 
   
  
   •       XL
  Capital Ltd. 
   
  
 
   
   •       The
  Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
   
  
   •       Zurich
  Insurance Group 
   
  
 


   

 We believe using the S&P P&C Index and the S&P L&H
Index is more comparable to our overall business and operations. 

 Value of $100 Invested on December 31, 2011 

 (All $ as of December 31st) 

   

 

 
  
   
   
   
  
 

 


 Dividend reinvestment has been assumed and returns
have been weighted to reflect relative stock market capitalization. 

   

 
  
   
      
   
  
   As of December 31,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   152.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   220.93 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   244.66 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   274.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   295.72 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   116.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   153.57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   174.60 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   177.01 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   198.18 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 Property & Casualty
  Insurance Index 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120.11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   166.10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   192.25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   210.57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   243.65 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 Life & Health Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   114.59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   187.33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   190.98 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   178.93 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   223.41 
   
  
 
   
   Former Peer Group 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   128.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   190.86 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   193.12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   202.37 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   222.68 
   
  
 









 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                                32   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 
 ITEM 6 |  Selected Financial Data    

 The Selected Consolidated Financial Data
should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial
Statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere herein.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,189 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policy
  fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft
  leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,504 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits,
  losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,503 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,036 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest
  credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,892 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,709 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      General
  operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,319 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft
  leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,549 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,138 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net loss
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  (gain) loss on sale of properties and divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,736 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,323 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,699 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) from continuing operations attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) per common share attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  common shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends
  declared per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            33 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 
 
  
   
   Year-end balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   328,175 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356,428 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   375,824 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   515,500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   541,221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   548,451 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,136 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,585 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48,318 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  liabilities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   421,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406,632 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   408,228 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   440,110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   449,448 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  AIG shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98,669 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book
  value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66.38 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book
  value per common share, excluding Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  comprehensive income (loss) (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57.87 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Adjusted
  book value per common share (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45.30 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Adjusted
  book value per common share, including 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  dividend growth (b)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59.26 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45.30 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Adjusted
  ROE (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other
  data (pre-tax, from continuing operations): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Catastrophe-related losses (c)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   728 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,652 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior
  year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   421 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other-than-temporary impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Adjustment to federal deferred tax valuation allowance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,907) 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a)
 Long-term debt and total liabilities include debt issuance costs of $88
million, $101 million, $81 million, $108 million, and $182 million at December
31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. See Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (b)  Book
value per common share excluding Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(AOCI) ,  Book value per common share excluding AOCI and DTA ( Adjusted book value per common share) ,  Adjusted book value per
common share , including dividend growth, and
return on equity – after-tax operating income excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted return
on equity)  are non-GAAP financial measures and
the reconciliations to the relevant GAAP financial measures are below.  See
Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures for additional
information.  

 (c)
  Natural catastrophe losses are generally weather
or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of $10 million
each. Catastrophes also include certain man-made events, such as terrorism and
civil disorders that meet the $10 million threshold. 

 

 Items Affecting Comparability Between Periods 

 


 The following
are significant developments that affected multiple periods and financial
statement captions. 

 Asset Dispositions in 2014, 2015 and 2016  

 We completed the
sale of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) on May 14, 2014, and in
2015 we sold all of our ordinary shares of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap)
received as part of the consideration for the sale of ILFC, as further
discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We also executed
multiple asset dispositions in 2016. See Item 7. MD&A — Executive
Summary for further discussion. 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  34   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 6  |    Selected Financial Data 

   


 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures included
in Selected Financial Data 

 


 The following table presents a reconciliation of Book value per
common share to Book value per common share, excluding AOCI, Book value per
common share, excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted book value per common share),
and Adjusted book value per common share, including dividend growth, which are
non-GAAP measures. See Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures
for additional information. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   At December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  shareholders' equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,574 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG shareholders' equity, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   85,428 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deferred
  tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,770 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,549 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted
  shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,879 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Add:
  Cumulative quarterly common stock dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   above
  $0.125 per share * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   378 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted
  shareholders' equity, including 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   dividend
  growth 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59,516 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,748 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66,879 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  common shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476,321,935 
   
  
 
   
   Book
  value per common share 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66.38 
   
  
 
   
   Book
  value per common share, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   57.87 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted
  book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.30 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted
  book value per common share,  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   including
  dividend growth 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59.79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59.26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45.30 
   
  
 


 *   Prior to the third quarter of 2015,
dividends per share were $0.125. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Return on equity
to Adjusted Return on equity, which is a non-GAAP measure.  See Item 7.
MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures for additional information. 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars
  in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   After-tax
  operating income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,872 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,941 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,449 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,501 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG
  Shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   86,617 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105,589 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98,850 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,873 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average
  AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,722 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,598 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,781 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,865 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,718 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG
  Shareholders' equity, excluding average AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,895 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   93,960 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,985 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   92,155 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average DTA 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,803 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,611 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average
  adjusted Shareholders' equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,990 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,905 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted
  Return on Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 









 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            35 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE  OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 ITEM 7 |  Management’s  
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   

 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Information 

 


 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) and other publicly available
documents may include, and officers and representatives of American
International Group, Inc. (AIG) may from time to time make, projections, goals,
assumptions and statements that may constitute “forward‑looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. These projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not
historical facts but instead represent only our belief regarding future events,
many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our
control. These projections, goals, assumptions and statements include
statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as
"will," “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “focused
on achieving,” “view,” “target,” "goal" or “estimate.” These
projections, goals, assumptions and statements may address, among other things,
our: 

 
  
   
   •       exposures
  to subprime mortgages, monoline insurers, the residential and commercial real
  estate markets, state and municipal bond issuers, sovereign bond issuers, the
  energy sector and currency exchange rates; 
   •       exposure
  to European governments and European financial institutions; 
   •       strategy
  for risk management; 
   •       actual
  and anticipated sales of businesses or asset divestitures or monetizations; 
   •       restructuring
  of business operations, including anticipated restructuring charges and
  annual cost savings; 
   
  
   •       generation
  of deployable capital; 
   •       strategies
  to increase return on equity and earnings per share; 
   •       strategies
  to grow net investment income, efficiently manage capital, grow book value
  per common share, and reduce expenses; 
   •       anticipated
  organizational and business changes; 
   •       strategies
  for customer retention, growth, product development, market position,
  financial results and reserves; and 
   •       segments’
  revenues and combined ratios. 
   
  
 


   

 It is possible that our actual results and
financial condition will differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial
condition indicated in these projections, goals, assumptions and statements.
Factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially,
from those in the specific projections, goals, assumptions and statements
include: 

 
  
   
   •       changes
  in market conditions; 
   •       negative
  impacts on customers, business partners and other stakeholders; 
   •       the
  occurrence of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made; 
   •       significant
  legal proceedings; 
   •       the
  timing and applicable requirements of any new regulatory framework to which
  we are subject as a nonbank systemically important financial institution
  (SIFI) and as a global systemically important insurer (G‑SII); 
   •       concentrations
  in our investment portfolios; 
   •       actions
  by credit rating agencies;  
   •       judgments
  concerning casualty insurance underwriting and insurance liabilities; 
   •       our
  ability to successfully manage Legacy portfolios; 
   
  
   •       our
  ability to successfully reduce costs and expenses and make business and
  organizational changes without negatively impacting client relationships or
  our competitive position; 
   •       our
  ability to successfully dispose of, or monetize, businesses or assets; 
   •       judgments
  concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets;  
   •       judgments
  concerning estimated restructuring charges and estimated cost savings; and 
   •       such
  other factors discussed in: 
   –   
   Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report; and 
   –   
   this Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) of this Annual
  Report. 
   
  
 


 We are not under any obligation (and expressly
disclaim any obligation) to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions
or other statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to
time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 









 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              36   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF
CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Index to Item 7 

   

   


 
 
  
   
   INDEX TO ITEM 7 
   
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
   Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Executive Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  Performance Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
   AIG's
  Outlook – Industry and Economic Factors 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Business Segment Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations    
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
 
   
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  Highlights 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Life and
  Annuity Reserves and DAC 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Analysis
  of Sources and Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources
  of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   136 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
 
   
   Off-Balance
  Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
 
   
   Debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   Regulation and Supervision 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends and Repurchases of
  AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
 
   
   Dividend Restrictions 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
 
   
   Enterprise Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Credit Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
 
   
   Market Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
   Operational Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance Risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Other Business Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
 
   
   Glossary 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   Acronyms 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 


 Throughout the MD&A, we use certain terms and
abbreviations, which are summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms. 

 We have incorporated into this discussion a number of
cross-references to additional information included throughout this Annual
Report to assist readers seeking additional information related to a particular
subject. 








 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            37 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Use of Non-GAAP
Measures 

   


 
 Use of Non-GAAP Measures 

 


 In Item 1. Business,
Item 6. Selected Financial Data and throughout this MD&A, we present our
financial condition and results of operations in the way we believe will be
most meaningful and representative of our business results. Some of the
measurements we use are “non‑GAAP financial measures” under SEC rules and
regulations. GAAP is the acronym for “accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.” The non‑GAAP financial measures we present may not
be comparable to similarly‑named measures reported by other companies. 

 Book Value Per Common Share
Excluding Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI), Book Value Per Common
Share Excluding AOCI and Deferred Tax Assets (DTA) (Adjusted Book Value Per
Common Share) and Adjusted Book Value Per Common Share Including Dividend Growth 
are used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-share basis. We believe
these measures are useful to investors because they eliminate items that can
fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes in fair value
of our available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation
adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. These measures also
eliminate the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our
available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting
impact for certain related insurance liabilities. We exclude deferred tax
assets representing U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized. Amounts
for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year attribute
utilization. As net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits are
utilized, the portion of the DTA utilized is included in these book value per
common share metrics. Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI, is derived by
dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI, by total common shares
outstanding. Adjusted Book Value Per Common Share is derived by dividing total
AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Shareholders’
Equity), by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted Book Value Per Common
Share including dividend growth is derived by dividing Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity,
including growth in quarterly dividends above $0.125 per share to shareholders,
by total common shares outstanding.  The reconciliation to book value per
common share, the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6.
Selected Financial Data. 

 Return on Equity – After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Return on Equity)  is
used to show the rate of return on shareholders’ equity. We believe this
measure is useful to investors because it eliminates items that can fluctuate
significantly from period to period, including changes in fair value of our
available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation
adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. This measure also
eliminates the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our
available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting
impact for certain related insurance liabilities. We exclude deferred tax
assets representing U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized.
Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year
attribute utilization. As net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax
credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA utilized is included in Adjusted
Return on Equity. Adjusted Return on Equity is derived by dividing actual or
annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average Adjusted
Shareholders’ Equity. The reconciliation to return on equity, the most
comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

 After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG  is derived by excluding the tax
effected pre-tax operating income (PTOI) adjustments described below and the
following tax items from net income attributable to AIG. 

 ·       
 deferred income tax valuation allowance releases and charges; and 

 ·       
 uncertain tax positions and other tax items related to legacy
matters having no relevance to our current businesses or operating performance. 

 General operating
expenses, operating basis  is derived by making the following
adjustments to general operating and other expenses: include (i) certain loss adjustment
expenses, reported as policyholder benefits and losses incurred and (ii)
certain investment and other expenses reported as net investment income, and
exclude (i) advisory fee expenses, (ii) non-deferrable insurance commissions,
(iii) direct marketing and acquisition expenses, net of deferrals, (iv)
non-operating litigation reserves and (v) other expense related to an asbestos retroactive
reinsurance agreement. We use general operating expenses, operating basis,
because we believe it provides a more meaningful indication of our ordinary
course of business operating costs, regardless of within which financial
statement line item these expenses are reported externally within our segment
results. The majority of these expenses are employee-related costs.  For
example, other acquisition and loss adjustment expenses primarily represent
employee-related costs in the underwriting and claims functions, respectively. 
Excluded from this measure are non-operating expenses (such as restructuring
costs and litigation reserves), direct marketing expenses, insurance company
assessments and non-deferrable commissions.  

 We use the following operating performance measures because
we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of
continuing operations and trends of our business segments. We believe they also
allow for more meaningful  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              38   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Use of Non-GAAP
Measures 

   


 
 comparisons with our
insurance competitors. When we use these measures, reconciliations to the most
comparable GAAP measure are provided on a consolidated basis in the Results of
Operations section of this MD&A. 

 Operating revenues 
exclude Net realized capital gains (losses), income from non-operating
litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP purposes) and changes
in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included
in Net investment income for GAAP purposes). Operating revenues are a GAAP
measure for our operating segments. 

 Pre-tax
operating income  is derived by excluding the following items from
income from continuing operations before income tax. This definition is
consistent across our modules (including geography). These items generally fall
into one or more of the following broad categories: legacy matters having no
relevance to our current businesses or operating performance; adjustments to
enhance transparency to the underlying economics of transactions; and measures
that we believe to be common to the industry. PTOI is a GAAP measure for our
operating segments. 

 
  
   
   ·       
   changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
  living benefits; 
   ·       
   changes in benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition
  costs (DAC), value of business acquired (VOBA), and sales inducement assets
  (SIA) related to net realized capital gains and losses; 
   ·       
   other income and expense — net, related to Legacy
  Portfolio run-off insurance lines; 
   ·       
   loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt; 
   ·       
   net realized capital gains and losses; 
   ·       
   non‑qualifying derivative hedging activities, excluding
  net realized capital gains and losses; 
   
  
   ·       
   income or loss from discontinued operations; 
   ·       
   net loss reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   ·       
   pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to
  former employees; 
   ·       
   income and loss from divested businesses;  
   ·       
   non-operating litigation reserves and settlements; 
   ·       
   reserve development related to non-operating run-off insurance
  business; and 
   ·       
   restructuring and other costs related to initiatives designed
  to reduce operating expenses, improve efficiency and simplify our
  organization. 
   
  
 


   

 ·       
 Commercial Insurance: Liability
and Financial Lines, Property and Special Risks; Consumer Insurance: Personal
Insurance 

 –    Ratios: 
 We, along with most property and casualty insurance companies, use the loss
ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as measures of underwriting
performance. These ratios are relative measurements that describe, for every
$100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and loss adjustment expenses
(which for Commercial Insurance excludes net loss reserve discount), and the
amount of other underwriting expenses that would be incurred. A combined ratio
of less than 100 indicates underwriting income and a combined ratio of over 100
indicates an underwriting loss. Our ratios are calculated using the relevant segment
information calculated under GAAP, and thus may not be comparable to similar
ratios calculated for regulatory reporting purposes. The underwriting
environment varies across countries and products, as does the degree of
litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition, investment
returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and competition
can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as reflected in
underwriting income and associated ratios. 

 –    Accident year loss
and combined ratios, as adjusted:   both the accident year loss
and combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses and related
reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and
the impact of reserve discounting. Natural catastrophe losses are generally
weather or seismic events having a net impact in excess of $10 million
each. Catastrophes also include certain man-made events, such as terrorism and
civil disorders that meet the $10 million threshold. We believe the as adjusted
ratios are meaningful measures of our underwriting results on an on-going basis
as they exclude catastrophes and the impact of reserve discounting which are
outside of management’s control. We also exclude prior year development to
provide transparency related to current accident year results. 

 ·       
 Consumer Insurance: Individual
Retirement, Group Retirement, and Life Insurance; Other Operations:
Institutional Markets 

 –    Premiums and
deposits:  includes direct and assumed amounts received and earned on
traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and life‑contingent
payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment‑type
annuity contracts and mutual funds. 

   

 Results from
discontinued operations are excluded from all of these measures. 

    








 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            39 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Critical
Acco unting
Estimates 

 


 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. 

 
  
   
   The accounting policies that we
  believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions,
  which are critical accounting estimates, are related to the determination of: 
   
  
 
   
   ·          
   loss reserves; 
   ·          
   reinsurance assets; 
   ·          
   valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and
  extent of loss recognition; 
   ·          
   valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of
  variable annuity products; 
   ·          
   estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
  investment-oriented products; 
   ·          
   impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments
  on available for sale securities, impairments on other invested assets,
  including investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment; 
   ·          
   liability for legal contingencies; 
   ·          
   fair value measurements of certain financial assets and
  liabilities; and 
   ·          
   income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of
  our net deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating
  profitability of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax
  assets. 
   
  
 


 These accounting estimates require the use of
assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of
estimation. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used,
our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be materially affected.  

 Insurance Liabilities 

 Loss Reserves 

 The estimate of the loss
reserves relies on several key judgments:  

 ·       
 the determination of the actuarial models used as the basis for
these estimates;   

 ·       
 the relative weights given to these models by product line; 

 ·       
 the underlying assumptions used in these models; and  

 ·       
 the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar product
lines and, in some cases, the groupings of dissimilar losses within a product
line.  

 We use numerous assumptions in determining the
best estimate of reserves for each line of business. The importance of any
specific assumption can vary by both line of business and accident year.
Because actual experience can differ from key assumptions used in establishing
reserves, there is potential for significant variation in the development of
loss reserves. This is particularly true for long-tail casualty classes of
business.  

 All of our methods to calculate net reserves include
assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability.
Reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process
and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established. 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              40   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Overview of Loss Reserving Process and Methods 

 


 Our loss reserves can generally be categorized into two
distinct groups. Short-tail reserves consists principally of U.S. and Europe
Property and Special Risks, and U.S., Europe and Japan Personal Insurance.
Long-tail reserves include U.S. Workers’ Compensation, U.S. Excess Casualty,
U.S. Other Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines, Europe Casualty and Financial Lines,
and U.S. Run-off Long Tail Insurance Lines.   

 

 Short-Tail Reserves 

 


 For our short-tail
coverages,  such as property, where the nature of claims is generally
high frequency but with short reporting periods, with volatility arising from
occasional severe events, the process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly
loss reserves is geared toward maintaining IBNR based on percentages of net
earned premiums for that business, rather than projecting ultimate loss ratios
based on reported losses. For example, the IBNR reserve required for the latest
accident quarter for a product line of property business such as Personal Lines
automobile might be approximately 20 percent of the quarter’s earned premiums.
This level of reserve would generally be recorded regardless of the actual
losses reported in the current quarter, thus allowing the recognition of severe
events as they occur. The percent of premium factor reflects both our
expectation of the ultimate loss costs associated with the line of business and
the expectation of the percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not yet been
reported.  The expected ultimate loss costs generally reflect the average loss
costs from a period of preceding accident quarters that have been adjusted for
changes in rate and loss cost levels, mix of business, known exposure to
unreported losses, or other factors affecting the particular line of business.
The expected percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not yet been reported
would be derived from historical loss emergence patterns. For more mature
quarters, loss development methods would be used to determine the IBNR. For
other product lines where the nature of claims is high frequency but low
severity, methods including loss development, frequency/severity or a multiple
of average monthly losses may be used to determine IBNR reserves. IBNR for
claims arising from catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would be
determined in close collaboration with the claims department’s knowledge of
known information, using alternative techniques or expected percentages of
ultimate loss cost emergence based on historical loss emergence of similar
claim types. 

 

 Long-Tail Reserves 

 


 Estimation of ultimate net losses and loss adjustment expenses
(net losses) for our long-tail casualty lines of business  is a complex
process and depends on a number of factors, including the product line and
volume of business, as well as estimates of the reinsurance recoverable.
Experience in the more recent accident years generally provides limited
statistical credibility of reported net losses on long-tail casualty lines of
business. That is because in the more recent accident years, a relatively low
proportion of estimated ultimate net incurred losses are reported or paid.
Therefore, IBNR reserves constitute a relatively high proportion of net losses. 

 
  
   
   For our longer-tail lines,
  we generally make actuarial and other assumptions with respect to the
  following: 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
   Loss cost trend factors 
  are used to establish expected loss ratios for subsequent accident years
  based on the projected loss ratios for prior accident years. 
   ·           
   Expected loss ratios  are
  used for the latest accident year (i.e., accident year 2016 for the year-end
  2016 loss reserve analysis) and, in some cases for accident years prior to
  the latest accident year. The expected loss ratio generally reflects the
  projected loss ratio from prior accident years, adjusted for the loss cost trend
  and the effect of rate changes and other quantifiable factors on the loss
  ratio. For low-frequency, high-severity lines of business such as excess
  casualty, expected loss ratios generally are used for at least the three most
  recent accident years. 
   ·           
   Loss development factors 
  are used to project the reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate
  basis. Generally, the actual loss development factors observed from prior
  accident years would be used as a basis to determine the loss development
  factors for the subsequent accident years. 
   ·           
   Tail Factors are development
  factors  used for certain longer tailed lines of business (for
  example, excess casualty, workers’ compensation and general liability),to
  project future loss development for periods that extend beyond the available
  development data.  The development of losses to the ultimate loss for a given
  accident year for these lines may take decades and the projection of ultimate
  losses for  an accident year is very sensitive
  to the tail factors selected beyond a certain age .  
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            41 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 We record
quarterly changes in loss reserves for each product line of business. 
The overall change in our loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for
all product lines of business. For most long-tail product lines of business,
the quarterly loss reserve changes are based on the estimated current loss
ratio for each subset of coverage less any amounts paid. Also, any change in
estimated ultimate losses from prior accident years deemed to be necessary
based on the results of our latest detailed valuation reviews, large loss
analyses, or other analytical techniques, either positive or negative, is
reflected in the loss reserve for the current quarter. Differences between
actual loss emergence in a given period and our expectations based on prior
loss reserve estimates are used to monitor reserve adequacy between detailed
valuation reviews and may also influence our judgment with respect to adjusting
reserve estimates. 

 

 Details of the Loss Reserving Process 

 


 The
process of determining the current loss ratio for each product line of business
is based on a variety of factors.  These include considerations such
as: prior accident year and policy year loss ratios; rate changes; and changes
in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business. Other considerations include
actual and anticipated changes in external factors such as trends in loss costs,
real gross domestic product (GDP) growth, inflation, employment rates or unemployment
duration, stock market volatility, corporate bond spreads, or in the legal and
claims environment. The current loss ratio for each product line of business is
intended to represent our best estimate after reflecting all of the relevant
factors. At the close of each quarter, the assumptions and data underlying the
loss ratios are reviewed to determine whether the loss ratios remain appropriate.
This process includes a review of the actual loss experience in the quarter,
actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in reinsurance, quantifiable
changes in coverage or mix of business, and changes in other factors that may
affect the loss ratio. When this review suggests that the previously determined
loss ratio is no longer appropriate, the loss ratio is changed to reflect the
revised estimates. 

 We conduct a
comprehensive loss detailed valuation review at least annually for each product
line of business in accordance with Actuarial Standards of Practice.   These standards provide that the unpaid loss
estimate may be presented in a variety of ways, such as a point estimate, a
range of estimates, a point estimate based on the expected value of several
reasonable estimates, or a probability distribution of the unpaid loss amount. Our
actuarial central estimate for each product line of business represents an
expected value generally considering a range of reasonably possible outcomes. 

 The reserve analysis for each product line of business is
performed by a credentialed actuarial team in collaboration with claims,
underwriting, business unit management, risk management and senior management.
Our actuaries consider the ongoing applicability of prior data groupings and
update numerous assumptions, including the analysis and selection of loss
development and loss trend factors. They also determine and select the most
appropriate actuarial or other methods used to estimate reserve adequacy for
each business product line, and may employ multiple methods and assumptions for
each product line. These data groupings, accident year weights, method
selections and assumptions necessarily change over time as business mix
changes, development factors mature and become more credible and loss
characteristics evolve. In the course of these detailed valuation reviews an
actuarial best estimate of the loss reserve is determined. The sum of these
estimates for each product line of business yields an overall actuarial best
estimate for that line of business.  

 We develop explicit ranges of reasonable estimates around
the actuarial best estimate for certain product lines using multiple
methodologies and varying assumptions. Where we have ranges, we use them to
inform our selection of best estimates of loss reserves by major product line of
business. Our range of reasonable estimates is not intended to cover all
possibilities or extreme values and is based on known data and facts at the
time of estimation. 

 We consult with third party environmental litigation and
engineering specialists, third party toxic tort claims professionals, third
party clinical and public health specialists, third party workers’ compensation
claims adjusters and third party actuarial advisors to help inform our
judgments, as needed.   

 A critical component of our detailed valuation reviews is a peer
review of our reserving analyses and conclusions, where actuaries independent
of the initial review evaluate the reasonableness of assumptions used, methods
selected and weightings given to different methods.  In addition, each detailed
valuation review is subjected to a review and challenge process by specialists
in our Enterprise Risk Management group. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              42   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 
  
   
   We
  consider key factors in performing detailed actuarial reviews, including: 
   
  
 
   
   ·           
   an assessment of economic conditions
  including real GDP growth, inflation, employment rates or unemployment
  duration, stock market volatility and changes in corporate bond spreads; 
   ·           
   changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial
  and social environment including changes in road safety, public health and
  cleanup standards; 
   ·           
   changes in medical cost trends
  (inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation
  trends 
   ·           
   underlying policy pricing, terms and conditions
  including attachment points and policy limits;  
   ·           
   changes in claims handling
  philosophy, operating model, processes and related ongoing enhancements;  
   ·           
   third-party claims reviews that are
  periodically performed for key product lines such as toxic tort,
  environmental and other complex casualty; 
   ·           
   third-party actuarial reviews that
  are periodically performed for key product lines of business; 
   ·           
   input from underwriters on pricing,
  terms, and conditions and market trends; and 
   ·           
   changes in our reinsurance program,
  pricing and commutations. 
   
  
 


 Actuarial and Other Methods for Major Lines of Business 

 Our
actuaries determine the most appropriate actuarial methods and segmentation.  This
determination is based on a variety of factors including the nature of the
losses associated with the product line of business, such as the frequency or
severity of the claims. In addition to determining the actuarial methods, the
actuaries determine the appropriate loss reserve groupings of data. This
determination is a judgmental, dynamic process and refinements to the groupings
are made every year. The changes to groupings may be driven by and may change
to reflect observed or emerging patterns within and across product lines, or to
differentiate different risk characteristics (for example, size of deductibles
and extent of third party claims specialists used by our insureds). As an
example of reserve segmentation, we write many unique subsets of professional
liability. For pricing or other purposes, it is appropriate to evaluate the
profitability of each subset individually. However, for purposes of estimating
the liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses for many product
lines of business, we believe it is appropriate to combine the subsets into
larger groups to produce a greater degree of credibility in the loss
experience. This determination of data segmentation and related actuarial
methods is assessed, reviewed and updated at least annually. 

 The actuarial
methods we use most commonly include paid and incurred loss development
methods, expected loss ratio methods, including “Bornhuetter Ferguson” and
“Cape Cod”, and frequency/severity models.  Loss development methods
utilize the actual loss development patterns from prior accident years updated
through the current year to project the reported losses to an ultimate basis
for all accident years. We also use this information to update our current
accident year loss selections. Loss development methods are generally most
appropriate for classes of business that exhibit a stable pattern of loss
development from one accident year to the next, and for which the components of
the product line have similar development characteristics. For example,
property exposures would generally not be combined into the same product line
as casualty exposures, and primary casualty exposures would generally not be
combined into the same product line as excess casualty exposures. We
continually refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary
casualty product line of business and adopt further segmentations based on our
analysis of differing emerging loss patterns for certain product lines. We
generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss data
lacked sufficient credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as for
new product lines of business or for long-tail product lines at early stages of
loss development.  Frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient
frequency counts are available to apply such approaches. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods rely on the application of an expected loss ratio to the earned
premium for the product line of business to determine the liability for loss
reserves and loss adjustment expenses.  For example, an expected loss
ratio of 70 percent applied to an earned premium base of $10 million
for a product line of business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of
$7 million. Subtracting any paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would
result in the indicated loss reserve for this product line. Under the
Bornhuetter Ferguson methods, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the
expected unreported portion of the losses. For example, for a long-tail product
line of business for which only 10 percent of the losses are expected to
be reported at the end of the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be
used to represent the 90 percent of losses still unreported. The actual
reported losses at the end of the accident year would be added to determine the
total ultimate loss estimate for the accident year. Subtracting the reported
paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss
reserve. In the example above, the expected loss ratio of 70 percent would
be multiplied by 90 percent. The result of 63 percent would be
applied to the earned premium of $10 million resulting in an estimated
unreported loss of $6.3 million. Actual reported losses would be added to
arrive at the total ultimate losses. If the reported losses were
$1 million, the ultimate loss estimate under the Bornhuetter Ferguson
method would be $7.3 million versus the $7 million amount under the
expected loss ratio method described above. Thus, the Bornhuetter Ferguson
method gives partial credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the
product line of business. Loss development methods generally give full
credibility to the reported  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            43 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 loss experience to date.
In the example above, loss development methods would typically indicate an
ultimate loss estimate of $10 million, as the reported losses of
$1 million would be estimated to reflect only 10 percent of the
ultimate losses. 

 A key advantage of loss development methods is that they
respond more quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the product line
of business. Therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or
improving, the loss development method gives full credibility to the changing
experience. Expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the
change, as they would continue to give more weight to a prior expected loss
ratio, until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to
reflect the changing loss experience. On the other hand, loss development
methods have the disadvantage of overreacting to changes in reported losses if
the loss experience is anomalous due to the various key factors described above
and the inherent volatility in some of the classes. For example, the presence
or absence of large losses at the early stages of loss development could cause
the loss development method to overreact to the favorable or unfavorable
experience by assuming it is a fundamental shift in the development pattern. In
these instances, expected loss ratio methods such as Bornhuetter Ferguson have
the advantage of recognizing large losses without extrapolating unusual large
loss activity onto the unreported portion of the losses for the accident year.  

 The Cape Cod method is a hybrid between the loss development
and Bornhuetter Ferguson methods, where the historic loss data and loss
development factor assumptions are used to determine the expected loss ratio
estimate in the Bornhuetter Ferguson method.  

 Frequency/severity
methods generally rely on the determination of an ultimate number of claims and
an average severity for each claim for each accident year.  Multiplying
the estimated ultimate number of claims for each accident year by the expected
average severity of each claim produces the estimated ultimate loss for the
accident year. Frequency/severity methods generally require a sufficient volume
of claims in order for the average severity to be predictable. Average severity
for subsequent accident years is generally determined by applying an estimated
annual loss cost trend to the estimated average claim severity from prior
accident years. In certain cases, a structural approach may also be used to
predict the ultimate loss cost. Frequency/severity methods have the advantage
that ultimate claim counts can generally be estimated more quickly and accurately
than can ultimate losses. Thus, if the average claim severity can be accurately
estimated, these methods can more quickly respond to changes in loss experience
than other methods. However, for average severity to be predictable, the
product line of business must consist of homogenous types of claims for which
loss severity trends from one year to the next are reasonably consistent and
where there are limited changes to deductible levels or limits. Generally these
methods work best for high frequency, low severity product lines of business
such as personal auto. However, frequency and severity metrics are also used to
test the reasonability of results for other product lines of business and
provide indications of underlying trends in the data. In addition, ultimate
claim counts can be used as an alternative exposure measure to earned premiums
in the Cape Cod method. 

 Structural
driver analytics seek to explain the underlying drivers of frequency/severity.  
A structural driver analysis of frequency/severity is particularly useful for
understanding the key drivers of uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. For
example, for the excess workers’ compensation product line of business, we have
attempted to corroborate our judgment by considering the impact on severity of
the future potential for deterioration of an injured worker’s medical
condition, the impact of price inflation on the various categories of medical
expense and cost of living adjustments on indemnity benefits, the impact of
injured worker mortality and claim specific settlement and loss mitigation
strategies, etc., using the following: 

 •       Claim
by claim reviews, often facilitated by third party specialists, to determine
the stability and likelihood of settling an injured worker’s indemnity and
medical benefits; 

 •       Analysis
of the potential for future deterioration in medical condition unlikely to be
picked up by a claim file review and associated with potentially costly medical
procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of medical care)
over the course of the injured worker’s lifetime; 

 •       Analysis
of the cost of medical price inflation for each category of medical spend
(services and devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line with
statutory requirements; 

 •       Portfolio
specific mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions based on a
mortality study conducted for our primary and excess workers’ compensation
portfolios and our opinion of future longevity trends for the open reported
cases; 

 •       Ground-up
consideration of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the product line of
business for reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims; and 

 •       The
effects of various run-off loss management strategies that have been developed
by our run-off unit. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              44   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 In recent years, we have expanded our analysis of
structural drivers to additional product lines of business as a means of
corroborating our judgments using traditional actuarial techniques. For
example, we have explicitly used external estimates of future medical inflation
and mortality in estimating the loss development tail for excess of deductible primary
workers’ compensation business. Using external forecasts for items such as
these can improve the accuracy and stability of our estimates. 

 The
estimation of liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses relating
to asbestos and environmental pollution losses on insurance policies written
many years ago is typically subject to greater uncertainty than other types of
losses.  This is due to inconsistent court decisions, as well as
judicial interpretations and legislative actions that in some cases have tended
to broaden coverage beyond the original intent of such policies or have
expanded theories of liability. In addition, reinsurance recoverable balances
relating to asbestos and environmental loss reserves are subject to greater
uncertainty due to the underlying age of the claim, underlying legal issues
surrounding the nature of the coverage, and determination of proper policy
period. For these reasons, these balances tend to be subject to increased
levels of disputes and legal collection activity when actually billed. The
insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive litigation over these
coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with a continuing
uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures. 

 We continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages
from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and
alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites,
referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims
asserting injuries from asbestos. The vast majority of these asbestos and
environmental losses emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years.
Commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for
pollution-related damage and asbestos. The current environmental policies that
we specifically price and underwrite for environmental risks on a claims-made
basis have been excluded from the analysis. 

 The majority of our exposures for asbestos and environmental
losses are related to excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. The
litigation costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with
litigation expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur.
Individual significant loss reserves, where future litigation costs are
reasonably determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis. 

 

 Discussion of Key
Assumptions of our Actuarial Methods 

 


 
  
   
    Line
   of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers’  
  Compensation 
   
  
   We generally use a
  combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
  U.S. Workers’ Compensation. U.S. Workers’ Compensation is a long-tail class
  of business, and our business reflects a very significant volume of losses,
  particularly in more recent accident years.   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The loss cost trend
  assumption is not believed to be material with respect to our loss reserves. This
  is primarily because our actuaries are generally able to use loss development
  projections for all but the most recent accident year’s reserves, so there is
  limited need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for primary workers’
  compensation business.   
   The tail factor is
  typically the most critical assumption, and small changes in the selected
  tail factor can have a material effect on our carried reserves.  For example,
  the tail factors beyond twenty years for guaranteed cost business could vary
  by one percent above or below those actually indicated in the 2016 loss
  reserve review. For excess of deductible business, in our judgment, it is
  reasonably likely that tail factors beyond twenty years could vary by five
  percent above or below those actually indicated in the 2016 loss reserve
  review. 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            45 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 
  
   
    Line of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess
  Casualty 
   
  
   We utilize various
  loss cost trend assumptions for different segments of the portfolio. After
  evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident years since
  the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss
  cost trends applicable to the year-end 2016 loss reserve review for U.S.
  Excess Casualty may range five percent lower or higher than this estimated
  loss trend. The loss cost trend assumption is critical for the U.S. Excess
  Casualty class of business due to the long-tail nature of the losses, and is
  applied across many accident years. Thus, there is the potential for the loss
  reserves with respect to a number of accident years (the expected loss ratio
  years) to be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends that were
  initially relied upon in setting the loss reserves. These changes in loss
  trends could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial
  environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting losses. 
   U.S. Excess
  Casualty is a long-tail class of business and any deviation in loss
  development factors might not be discernible for an extended period of time
  subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve estimates for any
  accident year. Mass tort claims in particular may develop over a very
  extended period and impact multiple accident years, so we usually select a
  separate pattern for them. Thus, there is the potential for the loss reserves
  with respect to a number of accident years to be significantly affected by
  changes in loss development factors that were initially relied upon in
  setting the reserves.  
   After evaluating
  the historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the
  early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that the actual loss
  development factors could vary by an amount equivalent to a six month shift
  from those actually utilized in the year-end 2016 reserve review. This would
  impact projections both for accident years where the selections were directly
  based on loss development methods as well as the a priori loss ratio
  assumptions for accident years with selections based on Bornhuetter-Ferguson
  or Cape Cod methods. Similar to loss cost trends, these changes in loss
  development factors could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the
  judicial environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting
  losses. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other
  Casualty 
   
  
   The key
  uncertainties for other casualty lines are similar to excess casualty, as the
  underlying business is long-tailed and can be subject to variability in loss
  cost trends and changes in loss development factors.  These may differ
  significantly by line of business as coverages such as general liability,
  medical malpractice and environmental may be subject to different risk
  drivers.  
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial
  Lines 
     
   
  
   The loss cost
  trends for U.S. D&O business vary by year and subset, but for the most
  recent accident years, it is assumed to have been generally close to zero.
  After evaluating the historical loss cost levels from prior accident years
  since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of losses relating to
  the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that the actual
  variation in loss cost levels for these subsets could vary by approximately
  15 percent lower or higher on a year-over-year basis than the assumptions
  actually utilized in the year-end 2016 reserve review. Because U.S. D&O
  business has exhibited highly volatile loss trends from one accident year to
  the next, there is the possibility of an exceptionally high deviation. In our
  analysis, the effects of loss cost trend assumptions affect the results
  through the a priori loss ratio assumptions used for the Bornhuetter-Ferguson
  and Cape Cod methods, which impact the projections for the two most recent
  two accident years. 
   The assumed loss
  development factors are also an important assumption, but are less critical
  than for U.S. Excess Casualty. Because these classes are written on a claims
  made basis, the loss reporting and development tail is much shorter than for
  U.S. Excess Casualty. However, the high severity nature of the losses does
  create the potential for significant deviations in loss development patterns
  from one year to the next. Similar to Excess Casualty, after evaluating the
  historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the early
  1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss development
  factors could change by an amount equivalent to a shift by six months from
  those actually utilized in the year-end 2016 reserve review. 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty
  and Financial Lines 
   
  
   Similar to U.S. business, European Casualty and Financial
  Lines can be significantly impacted by loss cost trends and changes in loss
  development factors.  The variation in such factors can differ significantly
  by product and region.  
   
  
 
   
   U.S. and Europe 
  Property and Special Risks 
   
  
   For short-tail
  lines such as Property and Special Risks, variance in outcomes for individual
  large claims or events can have a significant impact on results.  These
  outcomes generally relate to unique characteristics of events such as
  catastrophes or losses with significant business interruption claims. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S., Europe,
  and Japan Personal Insurance 
     
   
  
   Personal Insurance
  is short –tailed in nature similar to Property and Special Risks but less volatile. 
  Variance in estimates can result from unique events such as catastrophes.  In
  addition, some subsets of this business, such as auto liability, can be
  impacted by changes in loss development factors and loss cost trends.  
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              46   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 
  
   
    Line of 
   Business or Category 
    
  
    Key
   Assumptions  
    
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-off
  Long Tail Insurance lines  
   
  
   We historically
  have used a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio
  methods for excess workers’ compensation and other run-off segments.  For
  environmental claims, we have utilized a variety of methods including
  traditional loss development approaches, claim department and other expert
  evaluations of the ultimate costs for certain claims and survival ratio
  metrics.  
   U.S. Run-off Long
  Tail Insurance lines is an extremely long-tail class of business, with a much
  greater than normal uncertainty as to the appropriate loss development
  factors for the tail of the loss development.  Specifically for excess
  workers’ compensation, after evaluating the historical loss development factors
  for prior accident years since the 1980s as well as the development over the
  past several years of the ground up loss projections utilized to help select
  the loss development factors in the tail for this class of business, in our
  judgment, it is reasonably likely that the tail factor beyond 30 years could
  vary by 10 percent above or below that actually indicated in the 2016 loss
  reserve review. 
   
  
 
   
   Other Reserve
  Items 
   
  
   Loss adjustment
  expenses (LAE) are separated into two broad categories, allocated loss
  adjustment expenses (ALAE), also referred to as legal defense and cost
  containment or “legal” and unallocated loss adjustment expenses (ULAE), which
  includes certain claims adjuster fees and other internal claim management
  costs. 
   We determine loss
  adjustment expenses reserves for legal expenses for each class of business by
  one or more actuarial or structural driver methods. For the majority of
  segments, legal costs are analyzed in conjunction with losses. For segments
  where they are separately analyzed the methods used generally include
  development methods comparable to those described for loss development
  methods. The development could be based on either the paid loss adjustment
  expenses or the ratio of paid loss adjustment expenses to paid losses, or
  both. Other methods include the utilization of expected ultimate ratios of
  paid loss expense to paid losses, based on actual experience from prior
  accident years or from similar product lines of business. 
   The bulk of
  adjuster expenses are allocated and charged to individual claim files. For
  these expenses, we generally determine reserves based on calendar year ratios
  of adjuster expenses paid to losses paid for the particular product line of
  business. For other internal claim costs, which generally relate to specific
  claim department expenses that are not specifically allocated to claim files
  such as technology costs and other broad initiatives, we look at historic and
  expected expenditures for these items and project these into the future. 
   The incidence of
  LAE are directly related to the frequency, complexity and level of underlying
  claims.  As a result, key drivers of variability in LAE is the variability in
  the overall claims, particularly for long tail lines. 
   
  
 


 The following sensitivity analysis table summarizes
the effect on the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost
trend (for accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss
development factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in
determining our estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2016. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
   Increase
  (Decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase
  (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   to
  Loss Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to
  Loss Reserves 
   
  
 
   
   Loss cost trends: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss development factors: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Excess Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      5 percent increase 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months slower 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,650 
   
  
 
   
      5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (950) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months faster 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines (D&O) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Financial Lines (D&O) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      15 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   475 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months slower 
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
 
   
      15 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (400) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      6-months faster 
   
  
     
   
  
   (450) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Run-off P&C Lines (Excess   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Workers' Compensation): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      10% tail factor increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   400 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      10% tail factor decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (400) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Workers' Compensation :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Tail factor increase (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Tail factor decrease (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
 


 (a)  Reflects
1% tail factor change for guaranteed cost and 5% change for deductible
business. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            47 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health
Insurance Contracts 

 Long-duration traditional
products  include whole life insurance, term life insurance, accident and
health insurance, long-term care insurance, and certain payout annuities for
which the payment period is life-contingent, which include certain of our
single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements. 

 For long-duration traditional
business, a “lock-in” principle applies .   The assumptions used to
calculate the benefit liabilities and DAC are set when a policy is issued and
do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition
event occurs. The assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance
expenses, and investment returns. These assumptions are typically consistent
with pricing inputs. The assumptions also include margins for adverse
deviation, principally for key assumptions such as mortality and interest rates
used to discount cash flows, to reflect uncertainty given that actual
experience might deviate from these assumptions. Establishing margins at
contract inception requires management judgment.  The extent of the margin for
adverse deviation may vary depending on the uncertainty of the cash flows,
which is affected by the volatility of the business and the extent of our
experience with the product. 

 Loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual
experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss
recognition testing. To determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine
whether a future loss is expected based on updated current assumptions.  If
loss recognition exists, we recognize the loss by first reducing DAC through
amortization expense, and, if DAC is depleted, record additional liabilities
through a charge to policyholder benefit expense. See Note 9 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on loss
recognition.  Because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities subject
to the “lock-in” principle, small changes in certain assumptions may cause
large changes in the degree of reserve adequacy. In particular, changes in
estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree of
reserve deficiency.  

 Groupings for loss recognition testing are
consistent with our manner of acquiring, servicing, and measuring the
profitability of the business and are applied by product groupings.  We perform
separate loss recognition tests for traditional life products, payout
annuities, and long-term care insurance. Once loss recognition has been
recorded for a block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the
assumption set used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the
lock-in principle.  Key judgments made in loss recognition testing include the
following: 

 •       To
determine investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we typically
segregate assets that match the duration of our liabilities with assets of
comparable duration, to the extent practicable, and then project future cash
flows on those assets. Assets supporting insurance liabilities are primarily comprised
of a diversified portfolio of high quality fixed maturity securities, and may
also include, to a lesser extent, alternative investments. Our projections
include a reasonable allowance for investment expenses and expected credit
losses over the projection horizon. A critical assumption in the projection of
expected investment income is the assumed net rate of investment return at
which excess cash flows are to be reinvested.  For products in which asset and
liability durations are matched relatively well, this is less of a
consideration since interest on excess cash flows are not a significant
component of future cash flows.  For the reinvestment rate assumption,
anticipated future changes to the yield curves could have a large effect. 
Given the interest rate environment applicable at the date of our most recent
loss recognition tests, we assumed a modest and gradual increase in long-term
interest rates over time.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              48   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 •     
 For mortality assumptions, key judgments include the extent of
industry versus own experience to base future assumptions as well as the extent
of expected mortality improvements in the future.  The latter judgment is based
on a combination of historical mortality trends and advice from industry,
public health and demography specialists that were consulted by AIG’s actuaries
and published industry information.   

 •       For
surrender rates, a key judgment involves the correlation between expected
increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in surrender
rates. To support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our products
relative to expected rates on competing products under different interest rate scenarios.
 

 •       For
in-force long-term care insurance, rate increases are allowed but must be
approved by state insurance regulators. Consequently, the extent of rate
increases that may be assumed requires judgment.  In establishing our
assumption for rate increases for long-term care insurance, we consider
historical experience as to the frequency and level of rate increases approved
by state regulators.  

 Significant unrealized appreciation on investments
in a prolonged low interest rate environment may cause DAC to be adjusted and
additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded through a charge
directly to accumulated other comprehensive income (“shadow loss recognition”).
These charges are included, net of tax, with the change in net unrealized
appreciation of investments.  See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on shadow loss recognition. In applying
shadow loss recognition, the Company overlays unrealized gains onto loss
recognition tests without revising the underlying test.  Accordingly, there is
limited additional judgment in this process.   

 Guaranteed Benefit Features
of Variable Annuity Products 

 Variable annuity products offered by our
Individual Retirement and Group Retirement product lines offer guaranteed benefit
features. These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits
(GMDB) that are payable in the event of death or other instances, and living
benefits that are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other
instances, at specified dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits
include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed minimum
income benefits (GMIB). See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information on these features.   

 The liabilities for GMDB and GMIB, which are recorded
in Future policyholder benefits, represent the expected value of benefits in
excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably
through Policyholder benefits and losses incurred over the accumulation period
based on total expected fee assessments. The liabilities for GMWB, which are
recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities
recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses). 

 Our exposure to the guaranteed amounts is equal to the
amount by which the contract holder’s account balance is below the amount
provided by the guaranteed feature. A variable annuity contract may include
more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both
a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can generally only receive payout
from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a
living benefit, i.e. the features are generally mutually exclusive, so the
exposure to the guaranteed amount for each feature is independent of the
exposure from other features (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to
potentially collect both a GMDB upon their spouse’s death and a GMWB during his
or her lifetime).  A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living
benefit on one contract. Declines in the equity markets, increased
volatility and a sustained low interest rate environment increase our exposure
to potential benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in
the liabilities for those benefits. See Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented
Products (Life Insurance Companies) below for sensitivity analysis which
includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to changes
in the assumptions for interest rates, equity market returns, volatility, and
mortality. For additional discussion of market risk management related to these
product features, see Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies Key
Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            49 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 The reserving methodology and
assumptions used to measure the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed
benefit features are presented in the following table: 

 
  
   
    Guaranteed
   Benefit Feature  
    
  
    Reserving
   Methodology &  
   Assumptions and Accounting Judgments 
    
  
 
   
   GMDB 
   
  
   We determine the GMDB liability at each
  balance sheet date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in
  excess of the projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably
  over the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments. See
  Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
  on how we reserve for variable annuity products with guaranteed benefit
  features. 
   
  
 
   
   Key assumptions include: 
   •       
   Interest rates, which vary by year of issuance and products 
   •       
   Mortality rates, which are based upon actual experience
  modified to allow for variations in policy form 
   •       
   Lapse rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to
  allow for variations in policy form 
   •       
   Investment returns, using assumptions from a randomly generated
  model  
   In applying asset growth assumptions for
  the valuation of the GMDB liability, we use a reversion to the mean
  methodology, similar to that applied for DAC.  For a description of this
  methodology, see Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products
  (Life Insurance Companies) below. 
   
  
 
   
   GMWB 
   
  
   GMWB living benefits are embedded
  derivatives that are required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried
  at fair value. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
  additional information on how we reserve for variable annuity products with
  guaranteed benefit features, and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
  Statements for information on fair value measurement of these embedded
  derivatives, including how we incorporate our own non-performance risk. 
   
  
 
   
   The fair value of the embedded
  derivatives is based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to
  projected cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. Key
  assumptions include: 
   •       
   Interest rates 
   •       
   Equity market returns 
   •       
   Market volatility 
   •       
   Credit spreads 
   •       
   Equity / interest rate correlation 
   •       
   Benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable  
   •       
   Policyholder behavior, including mortality, lapses, withdrawals
  and benefit utilization. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are
  subjective and based primarily on our historical experience 
   •       
   In applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of
  GMWBs, we use market-consistent assumptions consistent with fair value
  measurement, which are calibrated to observable interest rate and equity
  option prices 
   •       
   Allocation of fees between the embedded derivative and host
  contract. 
   
  
 


 Estimated Gross Profits
for Investment–Oriented Products 

 Policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs
that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new
or renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over a period that approximates the
estimated lives of the contracts, except in instances where significant
negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods.   Estimated gross profits include net investment income and
spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender charges,
expenses, and mortality gains and losses. In estimating future gross profits,
lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on DAC
amortization. For fixed deferred annuity contracts, the future spread between
investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a significant
judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment.  

 If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC and related reserves, including VOBA, SIA, guaranteed
benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserve (URR), are recalculated using the
new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating
such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and
deceleration of amortization in other products.  

 In estimating future gross profits for variable annuity
products as of December 31, 2016, a long-term annual asset growth assumption of
7.5 percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees
are projected) was applied to estimate the future growth in assets and related
asset-based fees.  In determining the asset growth rate, the effect of
short-term fluctuations in the equity markets is partially mitigated through
the use of a reversion to the mean methodology, whereby short-term asset growth
above or  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              50   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 below the long-term annual rate assumption
impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year period subsequent to the
current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean methodology allows us to
maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also giving consideration to
the effect of actual investment performance.  When actual performance
significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth assumption, as
evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period
falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap) for a
sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the growth rate
assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean period as
well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods. 
The use of a reversion to the mean assumption is common within the industry;
however, the parameters used in the methodology are subject to judgment and
vary within the industry. See Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves
and DAC – Reversion to the Mean for additional discussion. 

 The following table summarizes the sensitivity of
changes in certain assumptions for DAC and SIA, embedded derivatives and other
reserves related to guaranteed benefits and URR, measured as the related
hypothetical impact on December 31, 2016 balances and the resulting
hypothetical impact on pre-tax income, before hedging. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Increase (decrease) in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Embedded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Related
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Related
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   DAC/SIA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
 
   
   Assumptions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Investment Spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   131 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   146 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Return (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
 
   
   Volatility  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortality 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Lapse 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   (139) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an decrease by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 


 (a)  Represents
the net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in long-term equity
returns for GMDB and GMIB reserves and negligible net impact of a one percent
increase or decrease in the S&P 500 index for GMWB living benefit
reserves. 

 (b)  Represents
the net impact of a one percentage point increase or decrease in equity
volatility. 

 (c)  Represents
the net impact of 10 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve on the
reserves for GMWB living benefit features. Does not represent interest rate
spread compression on investment-oriented products. 

 The
sensitivity ranges of 10 basis points, 1% and 10% are included for illustrative
purposes only and do not reflect the changes in net investment spreads, equity
return, volatility, interest rate, mortality or lapse used by AIG in its fair
value analyses or estimates of future gross profits to value DAC and related
reserves. Changes in excess of those illustrated may occur in any period. 

 The
analysis of DAC, embedded derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed
benefits, and unearned revenue reserve is a dynamic process that considers all
relevant factors and assumptions described above. We estimate each of the above
factors individually, without the effect of any correlation among the key
assumptions. An assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single
assumption would not necessarily be an indicator of future results. The effects
on pre-tax income in the sensitivity analysis  table
above do not reflect the related effects from o ur
economic hedging program, which utilizes derivative and other financial
instruments and is designed so that changes in value of those instruments move
in the opposite direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit embedded
derivative liabilities.  For a further
discussion on guaranteed benefit features of our variable annuities and the
related hedging program, see Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance
Companies Key Insurance Risks – Variable  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            51 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 Annuity Risk
Management and Hedging Program, Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves
and DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results, and Notes 5
and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Reinsurance Assets 

 The estimation of reinsurance recoverable involves a
significant amount of judgment, particularly for latent exposures, such as
asbestos, due to their long-tail nature.   Reinsurance
assets include reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and,
consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the
estimation of gross loss reserves.     

 We assess the collectability of reinsurance recoverable
balances through either detailed reviews of the underlying nature of the
reinsurance balance or comparisons with historical trends of disputes and
credit events.  We record adjustments to reflect the results of these
assessments through an allowance for uncollectable reinsurance that reduces the
carrying amount of reinsurance assets on the balance sheet. This estimate
requires significant judgment for which key considerations include: 

 •       paid
and unpaid amounts recoverable;  

 •       whether
the balance is in dispute or subject to legal collection;  

 •       whether
the reinsurer is financially troubled (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in
receivership or otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory restriction);
and 

 •       whether
collateral and collateral arrangements exist. 

 At December 31, 2016, the allowance for
estimated unrecoverable reinsurance was $207 million.  

 See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on reinsurance. 

 Impairment Charges 

 Impairments of Investments 

 At
each balance sheet date, we evaluate our available for sale securities holdings
with unrealized losses to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has
occurred.  We also evaluate our other invested assets for impairment; these
include equity and cost method investments in private equity funds, hedge funds
and other entities as well as investments in life settlements, aircraft and
real estate. 

 See the
discussion in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on the methodology and significant inputs, by investment type, that
we use to determine the amount of impairment. 

 Impairments on Investments in Life Settlements 

 Impairments
to investments in life settlements may occur in the future due to the fact that
continued payment of premiums required to maintain policies will cause the
expected lifetime undiscounted cash flows for some policies to be insufficient
to recover our estimated future carrying amount, even in the absence of future
changes to the mortality assumptions. Impairments may also occur due to our
future sale or lapse of select policies at a value that is below carrying
amount.  

 For a discussion
of impairments on investments in life settlements, see Note 6 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Goodwill Impairment 

 For a
discussion of goodwill impairment, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. In 2016, 2015 and 2014, AIG elected to bypass the qualitative
assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore, performed
quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair value of all
of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. To determine fair
value, we primarily use a discounted expected future cash flow analysis that
estimates and discounts projected future distributable earnings.  Such analysis
is principally based on AIG’s business projections that inherently include
judgments regarding business trends. 

 Liability for Legal Contingencies 

 We estimate and
record a liability for potential losses that may arise from litigation and
regulatory proceedings to the extent such losses are probable and can be
estimated. Determining a reasonable estimate of the amount of such losses
requires significant management judgment. In many cases, it is not possible to
determine whether a liability has been incurred or to estimate the ultimate or
minimum amount of that liability until the matter is close to resolution. In
view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              52   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 such matters, particularly in cases that are in the early
stages of litigation or in which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate
damages, we often cannot predict the outcome or estimate the eventual loss or
range of reasonably possible losses related to such matters. Given the inherent
unpredictability of litigation, the outcome of certain matters could, from time
to time, have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 For more
information on legal, regulatory and litigation matters, see Note 16 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Fair Value Measurements of Certain Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities 

 See Note 5
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the
measurement of fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities and our
accounting policy regarding the incorporation of credit risk in fair value
measurements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of fixed maturity and
equity securities by source of value determination: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   of
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on external sources (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on internal sources 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity and equity
  securities (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   258 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
$17.3 billion for which the primary source is broker quotes. 

 (b)  Includes
available for sale and other securities. 

 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 Assets and
liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are
measured and classified in a hierarchy for disclosure purposes consisting of
three “levels” based on the observability of inputs available in the
marketplace used to measure the fair value. See Note 5 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

 The following table presents the amount of assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37.7 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38.1 
   
  
   7.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Level
3 fair value measurements are based on valuation techniques that use at least
one significant input that is unobservable. We consider unobservable inputs to
be those for which market data is not available and that are developed using
the best information available about the assumptions that market participants
would use when valuing the asset or liability. Our assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its
entirety requires judgment. 

 We classify fair
value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as Level 3 when they
require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation, including
contractual terms, prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
volatility, prepayment rates, default rates, mortality rates and correlations
of such inputs. 

 See Note 5 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the valuation
methodologies for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as a
discussion of transfers of Level 3 assets and liabilities. 

 Income Taxes  

 Recoverability of Net Deferred Tax Asset 

 The evaluation
of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation
allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a
conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is
commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more
negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the
more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not
needed. 

 We consider a
number of factors to reliably estimate future taxable income so we can
determine the extent of our ability to realize net operating losses (NOLs),
foreign tax credits (FTCs), realized capital loss and other carryforwards.
These factors include forecasts of future income for each of our businesses and
actual and planned business and operational changes, both of which include  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            53 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |   Critical Accounting
Estimates   

   


 
 assumptions about future macroeconomic and AIG‑specific
conditions and events. We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions
and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. We also apply stresses to
our assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies. Our income forecasts, coupled with our tax planning strategies, all
resulted in sufficient taxable income to achieve realization of the U.S. tax
attributes prior to their expiration. We assess the recoverability of our net
deferred tax asset related to unrealized tax capital losses in the non-life
Companies’ available for sale portfolio. The deferred tax asset relates to the
unrealized losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun. As of
December 31, 2016, based on all available evidence, we concluded that a
valuation allowance should be established on a portion of the deferred tax
asset related to unrealized losses that are not more-likely-than-not to be
realized. 

 We separately
assess the recoverability of our net deferred tax asset related to unrealized
tax capital losses in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ available for sale
portfolio. The deferred tax asset relates to the unrealized losses for which
the carryforward period has not yet begun, as such when assessing its
recoverability we consider our ability and intent to hold the underlying
securities to recovery.  As of December 31, 2016, based on all available
evidence, we concluded that a valuation allowance should be established on a
portion of the deferred tax asset related to unrealized losses that are not
more-likely-than-not to be realized.  

 See Note 23 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our framework for
assessing the recoverability of our deferred tax asset. 

 Uncertain Tax Positions 

 Our accounting
for income taxes, including uncertain tax positions, represents management’s
best estimate of various events and transactions, and requires judgment.  FASB
Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes” (FIN 48)
(now incorporated into Accounting Standards Codification, 740, Income Taxes)
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return. The standard also provides guidance on
derecognition, classification, interest and penalties and additional
disclosures. We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax
position will be sustained, based on technical merits, upon examination by the
relevant taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recognized in
the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of
benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. 

 We classify
interest expense and penalties recognized on income taxes as a component of
income taxes. 

 U.S. Income Taxes on Earnings of Certain Foreign Subsidiaries 

 The U.S. federal
income tax laws applicable to determining the amount of income taxes related to
differences between the book carrying amounts and tax bases of subsidiaries are
complex. Determining the amount also requires significant judgment and reliance
on reasonable assumptions and estimates.  



 
  




 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              54   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 

 

 Execut ive Summary 

 


 Overview 

 This overview of
the MD&A highlights selected information and may not contain all of the
information that is important to current or potential investors in our
securities. You should read this Annual Report in its entirety for a more
detailed description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and critical
accounting estimates affecting us.  

 In the fourth
quarter of 2016, we completed the reorganization of our financial results into
our new modular management framework.  We believe our new modular management
framework gives our shareholders greater transparency into our operating
businesses, makes our leaders more accountable for their performance, and will
increase efficiency so we can focus on profitability.  See Item 1. Business for
a further discussion on these actions. 

 Divestitures, ASset sales and Reinsurance Transaction
Highlights 

 Since the first quarter of 2016, we have entered into or
consummated the following transactions: 

 Completed Divestitures and Asset Sales 

 •       In
May 2016, we completed the sale of AIG Advisor Group to investment funds
affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC and PSP Investments. 

 •       In
August 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our 100 percent interest in
United Guaranty Corporation (UGC) and certain related companies to Arch Capital
Group Ltd. (Arch). The sale of UGC and its subsidiaries closed on December 31,
2016, and we received proceeds of approximately $3.3 billion. Concurrent with
the closing, we entered into reinsurance agreements with Arch, including an
amended and restated 50 percent quota share reinsurance agreement and an
aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement, pursuant to which we will
continue to be exposed to certain UGC policies written between 2009 and 2016.
We expect the results of these reinsurance arrangements to continue to be
reported in Commercial Insurance.  

 •       In
August 2016, we sold our controlling interest in NSM, a managing general agent,
to ABRY Partners for consideration of $201 million. We retained an equity
interest in a newly formed joint venture and we continue to provide
underwriting capacity to NSM.  

 •       In
September 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our 20 percent interest in
Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. and our 100 percent interest in the related
syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot Corporate Name Ltd. to Canada Pension Plan
Investment Board (CPPIB).  Total consideration for the transaction was $1.1 billion,
inclusive of CPPIB’s recapitalization of Syndicate 1414’s Funds at Lloyd’s
(FAL) capital requirements. The transaction closed on November 18, 2016, and we
received approximately $244 million in net cash proceeds.  

 •       On
November 17, 2016, an AIG sponsored Fund (the Korea Fund), completed the sale
of a mixed-use commercial complex in Seoul, South Korea commonly known as the
Seoul International Finance Center to Brookfield Properties for a total
consideration of $2.5 billion, of which $1.2 billion was used to repay the
fund’s debt. The remaining cash proceeds were allocated between AIG and the
noncontrolling interests in accordance with the Korea Fund’s partnership
agreement. 

 •       On
December 30, 2016, we sold a portion of our life settlements portfolio with face
value (death benefits) of approximately $4.5 billion, which was 30 percent of
the face value of the life settlements portfolio. As of December 31, 2016, our
life settlements portfolio carrying value was $2.5 billion, with a face value
(death benefits) of $9.8 billion. 

 Pending Divestitures 

 •     
 In October 2016,
we entered into an agreement with Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax),
as part of a strategic partnership that we believe will further focus and
streamline our global insurance operations. We agreed to sell to Fairfax our
country subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Uruguay,
Venezuela, as well as insurance operations in Turkey. Fairfax will also acquire
renewal rights for the portfolios of local business written by our operations
in Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, and Slovakia, and assume
certain of our operating assets and employees. Total cash consideration to us
is expected to be approximately $240 million. The transactions are subject to
obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals and other customary closing
conditions.  

 •     
 On November 14,
2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our Japan life insurance business
AIG Fuji Life Insurance Company, Ltd. (AFLI) to FWD Group, the insurance arm of
Pacific Century Group. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            55 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 Reinsurance Transactions 

 •     
 Effective January
1, 2016, we entered into a two-year reinsurance arrangement with the Swiss
Reinsurance Company Ltd., under which we ceded a proportional share of our new
and renewal U.S. Casualty portfolio.  

 •     
 Effective July 1, 2016,
we entered into a reinsurance agreement with Hannover Life Reassurance Company
of America, involving certain whole life and universal life businesses of one
of our domestic life insurance subsidiaries. This transaction uses deposit
accounting for purposes of U.S. GAAP, reduced certain statutory reserves that
were above economic requirements, which released excess statutory capital of
approximately $1.0 billion that was included in 2016 dividend payments to AIG
Parent. 

 •     
 Effective December
31, 2016, our domestic life insurance subsidiary amended the July 1, 2016 reinsurance
agreement discussed above to also cede certain statutory reserves for term and
universal life products that are above economic requirements, which were
previously managed through affiliated reinsurance. This transaction is expected
to result in a tax sharing payment by the Life Insurance Companies to AIG
Parent in 2017. 

 •     
 Our catastrophe
reinsurance program includes coverage for natural catastrophes and some
coverage for terrorism events. It consists of a large North American occurrence
cover (without reinstatement) to protect against large North America losses,
and Japan covers to protect against losses in Japan. Effective January 1, 2017,
the attachment point for this reinsurance program is at $1.5 billion for the
North American cover ($3 billion in 2016) and varies for the Japan covers. The
North American cover has reduced the U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100) OEP net of
reinsurance from $3.1 billion under the 2016 reinsurance program to $2.0
billion under the 2017 program.  

 •     
 In January 2017,
we announced that we have entered into an adverse development reinsurance
agreement with National Indemnity Company (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire
Hathaway Inc., under which we transferred to NICO 80 percent of reserve risk on
substantially all of our U.S. Commercial long-tail exposures for accident years
2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to NICO 80 percent of net paid
losses on subject business on or after January 1, 2016 in excess of $25 billion
of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of $25 billion.  At NICO’s 80
percent share, NICO’s limit of liability under the contract is $20 billion.  We
will account for this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. The consideration
for this agreement is $9.8 billion plus interest at four percent per annum from
January 1, 2016 to the date of payment, which was paid in full as of February
17, 2017. The consideration paid to NICO will be placed into a collateral trust
account as security for NICO’s claim payment obligations, and Berkshire
Hathaway, Inc. has provided a parental guarantee to secure NICO’s obligations
under the agreement.  

 See Notes 1, 4, 6 and 26 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on these transactions. 

 Financial Performance
Summary 

   

 
  
   
   Net
  Income (Loss) Attributable To AIG 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison 
   Declined primarily due to a
  decrease in income from insurance operations, reflecting $5.6 billion of
  pre-tax prior year adverse reserve development in Commercial Insurance in
  2016 compared to $3.3 billion pre-tax in 2015.  In addition, we recorded net
  realized capital losses in 2016 compared to net realized capital gains in
  2015. These decreases were partially offset by improved performance from
  Consumer Insurance. 
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison 
   Declined primarily due to a
  decrease in income from insurance operations, reflecting $3.3 billion of
  pre-tax prior year adverse development in Commercial Insurance in 2015
  compared to $503 million pre-tax in 2014, and lower net investment income. 
   See MD&A – Consolidated
  Results of Operations for further discussion. 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  56   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 
  
   
   Pre-Tax Operating Income (Loss)* 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison 
   Decreased
  primarily due to adverse prior year loss reserve development in Commercial
  Insurance of $5.6 billion in 2016 compared to $3.3 billion in 2015. 
   This decrease was partially offset by: 
   •     
   favorable adjustments to reserves and DAC in Consumer
  Insurance, including higher net positive adjustments from the update of
  actuarial assumptions in Individual Retirement and Life Insurance; 
   •     
   improved underwriting results in Personal Insurance; and 
   •     
   lower general operating expenses. 
   2015
  and 2014 Comparison 
   Decreased primarily
  due to: 
   •     
   adverse prior year loss reserve development in Commercial
  Insurance of $3.3 billion in 2015 compared to $503 million in 2014; 
   •     
   lower net investment income due to lower income on alternative
  investments, lower reinvestment yields, and assets for which the fair value
  option was elected; 
   •     
   less favorable adjustments to reserves and DAC in Consumer
  Insurance, including a lower net positive adjustment to reflect the update of
  actuarial assumptions in Individual Retirement and additional reserves for
  Life Insurance as well as higher catastrophe losses and lower net favorable
  prior year loss reserve development in Personal Insurance; and 
   •     
   lower Other income primarily due to lower appreciation on
  assets for which the fair value option was elected and lower fair value
  income on derivative positions. 
   This decrease was partially offset by lower general operating
  expenses. 
   See MD&A – Business
  Segment Operations for further discussion. 
   
  
 


 *  Non-GAAP
measure – see Consolidated Results of Operations for reconciliation of Non-GAAP
to GAAP measure. 

   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            57 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 
  
   
   General Operating and Other Expenses 
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Declined $2.1 billion since
  2014, which included a foreign exchange benefit of $0.5 billion, due to lower
  employee-related expenses, rationalized employee benefits and professional
  fee reductions related to our ongoing efficiency program. 
   In
  keeping with our broad and on-going efforts to transform for long-term
  competitiveness, results for 2016 included approximately $0.7 billion of
  pre-tax restructuring and other costs, primarily comprised of employee
  severance charges, asset impairments and   contract termination charges. Results for 2015 included
  approximately $0.5 billion of pre-tax restructuring and other costs. 
   We
  continue to execute initiatives focused on organizational simplification,
  operational efficiency, and business rationalization, which are expected to
  result in aggregate pre-tax restructuring and other costs of approximately $1.3
  billion (of which approximately $1.2 billion has been recognized since the
  third quarter of 2015) as well as generate pre-tax annualized savings of
  approximately $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion when fully implemented by 2018. 
   
  
 
   
   General
  Operating Expenses, Operating Basis*  
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Declined $2.0
  billion since 2014, which included a foreign exchange benefit of $0.5
  billion, due to lower employee-related expenses, rationalized employee
  benefits and professional fee reductions related to our ongoing efficiency
  program. 
   
  
 


 *  Non-GAAP
measure – see Consolidated Results of Operations for reconciliation of Non-GAAP
to GAAP measure. 

   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  58   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 
  
   
   Capital Returned to
  Shareholders 
   ($ in billions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   We have returned
  $30.4 billion in capital to our shareholders through dividends and share and
  warrant repurchases since the beginning of 2014 as a result of our strategy
  to actively return capital to shareholders. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Return
  on Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Book
  Value Per Share  
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
     
   
  
   
   
  
 


    

 AIG’s Outlook – Industry and economic factors 

 Our business is
affected by industry and economic factors such as interest rates, currency
exchange rates, credit and equity market conditions, catastrophic claims
events, regulation, tax policy, competition, and general economic, market and
political conditions. We continued to operate under difficult market conditions
in 2016, characterized by factors such as historically low interest rates,
instability in the global equity markets, volatile energy markets, slowing
growth in China and Euro-Zone economies, and the United Kingdom (the UK)
advisory referendum in which a majority voted for the UK to withdraw its
membership in the European Union (the EU) (commonly referred to as Brexit). The
Brexit vote has also affected the U.S. dollar/British pound exchange rate,
increased the volatility of exchange rates among the euro, British pound and
the Japanese yen (the Major Currencies), and created volatility in the
financial markets, which may continue for some time. 

 Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment 

 Interest
rates increased late in 2016, but have remained at historically low levels.
Certain markets in which we operate have experienced negative interest rates. A
sustained low interest rate environment negatively affects sales of interest
rate sensitive products in our industry and may negatively impact the
profitability of our existing business as we reinvest cash flows from
investments, including increased calls and prepayments of fixed maturity
securities and mortgage loans, at rates below the average yield of our existing
portfolios.  We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment
through asset-liability management including spread management strategies for
our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk
from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            59 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 Annuity
Sales and Surrenders 

 The sustained
low interest rate environment has a significant impact on the annuity industry.
Low long-term interest rates put pressure on investment returns, which may
negatively affect sales of interest rate sensitive products and reduce future
profits on certain existing fixed rate products.  However, our disciplined rate
setting has helped to mitigate some of the pressure on investment spreads. As
long as the low interest rate environment continues, conditions will be
challenging for the fixed annuity market. Rapidly rising interest rates could
create the potential for increased sales, but may also drive higher surrenders.
Customers are, however, currently buying fixed annuities with longer surrender
periods in pursuit of higher returns, which may help mitigate the rate of
increase in surrenders in a rapidly rising rate environment. In addition, older
contracts that have higher minimum interest rates and continue to be attractive
to the contract holders are driving better than expected persistency, although
the reserves for such contracts have continued to decrease over time in amount
and as a percentage of the total annuity portfolio.  Low interest rates have
also driven growth in our fixed index annuity products, which provide
additional interest crediting tied to favorable performance in certain equity
market indices and the availability of guaranteed living benefits . Changes in interest rates significantly impact the
valuation of our liabilities for guaranteed products with income features and
the value of the related hedging portfolio. 

 Reinvestment and Spread Management 

 We actively
monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit
spreads and the shape of the yield curve. We also frequently review our
interest rate assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for new
and in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve to maintain
profitability of the overall business in a historically low interest rate
environment. The low interest rate environment makes it more difficult to
profitably price many of our products and puts margin pressure on existing
products, due to the challenge of investing recurring premiums and deposits and
reinvesting investment portfolio cash flows in the low rate environment while
maintaining satisfactory investment quality and liquidity. In addition, there
is investment risk associated with future premium receipts from certain in‑force
business. Specifically, the investment of these future premium receipts may be
at a yield below that required to meet future policy liabilities. 

 The contractual
provisions for renewal of crediting rates and guaranteed minimum crediting
rates included in products may reduce spreads in a sustained low interest rate
environment and thus reduce future profitability. Although this interest rate
risk is partially mitigated through the asset‑liability management
process, product design elements and crediting rate strategies, a sustained low
interest rate environment may negatively affect future profitability. 

 The following table presents Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement
base net investment spread: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Base net investment spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.20 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.31 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.99 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 In
Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement, average interest crediting rates
decreased slightly in 2016 and 2015 compared to the preceding years due to
active crediting rate management.  However, the decline in base investment
yields, driven by investment purchases and investment of portfolio cash flows
at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio in the
sustained low interest rate environment, resulted in base spread compression.
See Investments for additional information on our investment and
asset-liability management strategies. 

 For
investment-oriented products in our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement,
Life Insurance and Institutional Markets businesses, our spread management
strategies include disciplined pricing and product design for new business,
modifying or limiting the sale of products that do not achieve targeted
spreads, using asset-liability management to match assets to liabilities to the
extent practicable, and actively managing crediting rates to help mitigate some
of the pressure on investment spreads. Renewal crediting rate management is
done under contractual provisions that were designed to allow crediting rates
to be reset at pre-established intervals in accordance with state and federal
laws and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees. We will continue to
adjust crediting rates on in-force business to mitigate the pressure on spreads
from declining base yields, but our ability to lower crediting rates may be
limited by the competitive environment, contractual minimum crediting rates,
and provisions that allow rates to be reset only at pre-established intervals.
For example, competitors including private equity-held annuity writers are
currently offering higher crediting rates.  As a result, the timing and extent
of crediting rate decreases may differ from the corresponding declines in
investment yields, which could reduce our spreads and future profitability. 

 As shown in the
table below, 73 percent of the fixed account values of our Individual
Retirement and Group Retirement annuity products in the aggregate were
crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at December 31,
2016. As a result of disciplined pricing on new business and the run-off of
older business with higher crediting rates, the percentage of fixed account
values of our annuity products that are currently crediting at rates above one
percent decreased to 70 percent at December 31, 2016,  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  60   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 compared
to 74 percent at December 31, 2015 and 79 percent at December 31, 2014. These
businesses continue to focus on pricing discipline and strategies to reduce the
minimum guaranteed interest crediting rates offered on new sales. In the Core
universal life business in our Life Insurance segment, 70 percent of the
account values were crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest
rate at December 31, 2016.  

 The following table presents fixed annuity and universal life
account values of our Core Individual Retirement, Group Retirement and Life
Insurance businesses by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and
current crediting rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Current Crediting Rates 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1-50
  Basis 
   
  
   More
  than 50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Minimum Guaranteed  
   
  
   At
  Contractual 
   
  
   Points
  Above 
   
  
   Basis
  Points 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Above
  Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,531 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,285 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,881 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,026 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,303 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,753 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,805 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   567 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual Retirement 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,516 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,027 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,273 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,642 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,987 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
   399 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,563 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,406 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   926 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   926 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,116 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Group Retirement 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,930 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,378 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,853 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,161 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Universal life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   396 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,982 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,151 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,648 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total universal life insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,949 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,172 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,491 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,965 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103,679 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Percentage of total 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Individual
Retirement and Group Retirement amounts shown include fixed options within
variable annuity products. 

 Assumption Updates and Loss Recognition 

 Spreads
and surrender rates are important components of the future profit assumptions
that drive the rate we use to amortize DAC and related reserves for
investment-oriented products. If future profit assumptions change
significantly, we may be required to recalculate DAC and related reserves, and
reflect any resulting adjustments in current period income. In addition to
investment-oriented products, certain traditional long-duration products for
which we do not have the ability to adjust interest rates, such as structured
settlements and payout annuities, are exposed to reduced earnings and potential
loss recognition reserve increases in a sustained low interest rate
environment. See Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC –
Update of Actuarial Assumptions for discussion of such adjustments recorded in
2016, 2015 and 2014 in our Consumer Insurance and Legacy Life Insurance Run-Off
Lines. 

 Commercial Insurance 

 The
impact of low interest rates on our Commercial Insurance segment is primarily
on our long-tail Casualty line of business. We expect limited impacts on our
existing long-tail Casualty business as the duration of our assets is slightly
longer than that of our liabilities. We do expect sustained low interest rates
will impact new and renewal business for the long-tail Casualty line as we may  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            61 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Executive Summary   

   


 
 not be able to adjust our future pricing consistent with
our profitability objectives to fully offset the impact of investing at lower
rates. However, we will continue to maintain pricing discipline and risk
selection. 

 In addition, for
our Commercial Insurance segment and run-off insurance lines reported within
the Legacy Portfolio, sustained low interest rates may unfavorably affect the
net loss reserve discount for workers’ compensation, and to a lesser extent
could favorably impact assumptions about future medical costs; the combined net
effect of which could result in higher net loss reserves.  

 Additionally,
sustained low interest rates on discounting of projected benefit cash flows for
our pension plans may result in higher pension expense. 

 Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule 

 Our
Individual Retirement and Group Retirement operating segments provide products
and services to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to restrictions
imposed by ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, including the requirements of
the DOL Fiduciary Rule.  For additional information about the DOL Fiduciary
Rule, see Part I, Item 1. Business – Regulation. We have been analyzing the DOL
Fiduciary Rule’s potential impact on our customers, distribution partners,
financial advisors and our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement
businesses, and preparing to implement the necessary adjustments to achieve
compliance with the DOL Fiduciary Rule.  Overall, the DOL Fiduciary Rule as
currently promulgated would result in increased compliance costs and, as
currently promulgated, may create increased exposure to legal claims under
certain circumstances, including class actions. The DOL has also issued
interpretive guidance on the DOL Fiduciary Rule, and we are evaluating whether
or not this guidance would affect the actions we would need to take to comply
with the DOL Fiduciary Rule.   

 On February 3,
2017, the new administration issued a memo requiring the DOL to review the DOL
Fiduciary Rule and determine whether the DOL Fiduciary Rule will adversely
impact the ability of retirement savers to access information and financial
advice.  Accordingly, the DOL announced that it would consider legal
options for postponing the applicability date of the DOL Fiduciary Rule while
the DOL considers the issues raised in the referenced memo. We are closely
following the DOL’s pronouncements about further delays to the DOL Fiduciary
Rule’s effective date.  

 Impact of Currency Volatility 

 Currency
volatility in 2016 and 2015 was acute compared to recent years, as the British
pound weakened considerably against the U.S. dollar in 2016, although the
Japanese yen strengthened against the U.S. dollar.  The euro also weakened
modestly against the U.S. dollar. Such volatility affected line item components
of income for those businesses with substantial international operations. In
particular, growth trends in net premiums written reported in U.S. dollars can
differ significantly from those measured in original currencies. The net effect
on underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues
and expenses are similarly affected.  

 These currencies
may continue to fluctuate, in either direction, especially as a result of the
UK’s expected exit from the EU, and such fluctuations will affect net premiums
written growth trends reported in U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement
line item comparability. 

 Liability and Financial Lines, Property and Special Risks,
International Life Insurance and Personal Insurance businesses are transacted
in most major foreign currencies. The following table presents the average of
the quarterly weighted average exchange rates of the currencies that have the
most significant impact on our businesses:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   Rate for 1 USD 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Currency: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   JPY 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   109.19 
   
  
   120.82 
   
  
   104.43 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   EUR 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.90 
   
  
   0.89 
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   GBP 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.73 
   
  
   0.65 
   
  
   0.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 Unless
otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign exchange in the
Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance discussion of results of operations
are with respect to movements in the three Major Currencies included in the
preceding table. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  62   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 

 


 The
following section provides a comparative discussion of our Consolidated Results
of Operations for the three-year period ended December 31, 2016. Factors that
relate primarily to a specific business are discussed in more detail within the
business segment operations section. For a discussion of the Critical
Accounting Estimates that affect our results of operations, see the Critical
Accounting Estimates section of this MD&A. 

 The following table presents our consolidated results of
operations and other key financial metrics: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       36,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       37,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
       16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
       776 
   
  
     
   
  
       739 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft
  leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
       - 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
       6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
       58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits,
  losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder
  benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
       28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization
  of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General
  operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
       12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
       13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft
  leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
       - 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
       756 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain)
  loss on sale of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
       11 
   
  
     
   
  
       (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
       55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from continuing operations before  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   income
  tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
       10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net of
  income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
       - 
   
  
     
   
  
       (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less:
  Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
       26 
   
  
     
   
  
       (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted Return on equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76.66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value per common share, excluding
  AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73.41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted Book value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Adjusted Book value per common share,
  including dividend growth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59.79 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59.26 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            63 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 The following table presents a reconciliation
of General operating and other expenses to General operating expense, operating
basis, which is a Non-GAAP measure: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General
  operating and other expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (694) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other
  (income) expense related to retroactive reinsurance agreement 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pension
  expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to former 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (546) 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  general operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   included
  in pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,945 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,592 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  adjustment expenses, reported as policyholder benefits and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   losses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory
  fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (645) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,315) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-deferrable
  insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (467) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Direct
  marketing and acquisition expenses, net of deferrals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (659) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (570) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  expenses reported as net investment income and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  general operating expenses, operating basis 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,952 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,141 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,940 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 The following table presents a reconciliation of pre-tax
income/net income (loss) attributable to AIG to pre-tax operating income/after-tax
operating income attributable to AIG: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   After 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  income/net income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   including
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (288) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,193 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,514 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (561) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  income/net income (loss)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 
   
   Uncertain
  tax positions and other tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (112) 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred
  income tax valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  (releases) charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  fair value of securities used to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   hedge
  guaranteed living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (260) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (91) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and SIA
  related to net realized capital 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   gains
  (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  (income) expense - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital (gains) losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,383 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (776) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (271) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (505) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interest on  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net
  realized capital (gains) losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from
  discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
   (Income)
  loss from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (707) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,462) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (258) 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   (350) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve
  development related to certain 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   non-operating
  run-off insurance business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss
  reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (277) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
 
   
   Pension
  expense related to a one-time  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   lump sum
  payment to former employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   496 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  64   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
   

 
  
   
   Pre-tax
  operating income/After-tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   operating
  income  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   448 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,052 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,126 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,941 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted
  average diluted shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447.6 
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) per common share attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG
  (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax
  operating income (loss) per 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   common
  share attributable to AIG (diluted)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4.79 
   
  
 


 *   For 2016, because we reported a net
loss, all common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and are therefore excluded
from the calculation of diluted shares and diluted per   share amounts. 
However, because we reported after-tax operating income, the calculation of
after-tax operating income per diluted share includes 30,326,772 dilutive
shares. 

 pre-tax income (LOSS) Comparison for 2016 and 2015 

 Pre-tax results decreased in 2016 compared to
2015 primarily due to: 

 •       adverse
prior year loss reserve development in Commercial Insurance of $5.6 billion in
2016 compared to $3.3 billion in 2015; and 

 •       net
realized losses compared to net realized gains in the prior-year period due to: 

 –     foreign
exchange losses in 2016 compared to foreign exchange gains in 2015 primarily
due to $910 million of remeasurement losses for a short-term intercompany balance; 

 –       the
sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial Inc. and common shares of
Springleaf Holdings, Inc. (Springleaf, now known as OneMain Holdings, Inc.) in
2015; and 

 –     a
net decrease of $1.4 billion related to guaranteed living benefits, net of
hedges, primarily due to movement in the non-performance or “own credit” risk
adjustment (NPA)  component
of the embedded derivative fair value measurement  and 2016 actuarial
assumption updates to surrender and mortality assumptions (see Insurance
Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed
Benefits and Hedging Results). 

 These decreases
were partially offset by: 

 ·       
 favorable adjustments to reserves and DAC in Consumer Insurance,
including higher net positive adjustments in 2016 to reflect the update of
actuarial assumptions in Individual Retirement and Life Insurance; 

 ·       
 improved underwriting results in Personal Insurance;  

 ·       
 lower general operating expenses reflecting strategic actions to
reduce expenses; 

 •       lower
loss on extinguishment of debt from ongoing liability management activities;
and 

 •       higher
income from divested businesses due to gains on the sales of UGC, AIG
Advisor Group and NSM, partially offset by losses on the agreements to sell Fuji
Life and certain assets to Fairfax. 

 pre-tax income Comparison for 2015 and 2014 

 Pre-tax income decreased in 2015 compared to
2014 primarily due to: 

 ·       
 adverse prior year loss reserve development in Commercial
Insurance of $3.3 billion in 2015 compared to $503 million in 2014; 

 ·       
 lower net investment income due to lower income from alternative
investments, reinvestment yields, and assets for which the fair value option
was elected; 

 ·       
 less favorable adjustments to reserves and DAC in Consumer
Insurance, including a lower net positive adjustment to reflect the update of
actuarial assumptions in Individual Retirement and additional reserves for Life
Insurance, as well as higher catastrophe losses and lower net favorable prior
year loss reserve development in Personal Insurance; 

 •       lower
Other income primarily due to lower appreciation on assets for which the fair
value option was elected and lower fair value income on derivative positions;
and 

 •       lower
income from divested businesses as a result of the sale of ILFC in the second
quarter of 2014.  

 These decreases were
partially offset by: 

 •       a
lower loss on extinguishment of debt from ongoing liability management
activities; 

 •       lower
general operating expenses reflecting strategic actions to reduce expenses; and 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            65 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 •     
 higher net realized gains compared to prior period due to: 

 –     a
$264 million increase from the change in the fair value of GMWB embedded
derivatives related to variable annuity guaranteed living benefits, net of all
related economic hedges  (See
Insurance Reserves –Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity
Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results for additional discussion); and 

 –     higher
net realized capital gains from sales of investments, which included realized
gains on the sales of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc., a portion
of our holdings in People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and PICC
Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively, our PICC Investment), and
common shares of OneMain Holdings, Inc., mostly offset by a realized loss on
the sale of ordinary shares of AerCap and an increase in other-than-temporary
impairment charges.  

 Income Tax expense analysis 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2016, the effective tax rate on loss from
continuing operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate on loss from
continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent
primarily due to 

 •     
  tax
charges of: 

 –      $234 million associated with
effect of foreign operations,   

 –      $216 million of tax and
related interest associated with increases in uncertain tax positions related
to cross border financing transactions,  

 –      $118 million related to
disposition of subsidiaries,  

 –      $102 million related to
non-deductible transfer pricing charges, and 

 –      $83 million related to
increases in the deferred tax asset valuation allowances associated with U.S. federal
and certain foreign jurisdictions; 

 •     
  partially
offset by tax benefits of: 

 –      $253 million related to tax
exempt income,  

 –      $164 million associated with a
portion of the U.S. Life Insurance Companies capital loss carryforwards
previously treated as expired that was restored and utilized,  

 –      $116 million related to the
impact of an agreement reached with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related
to certain tax issues under audit, and  

 –      $132 million of
reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from
continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities.
 

 Effect of foreign operations is primarily related to foreign
exchange losses incurred by our foreign subsidiaries related to the weakening
of the British pound following the Brexit vote taxed at a statutory tax rate
lower than 35 percent. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2016, our repatriation assumptions with respect to
certain European operations remain unchanged and related foreign earnings
continue to be indefinitely reinvested. Our repatriation assumptions related to
certain operations in Canada, South Africa and Asia Pacific region have changed
and related foreign earnings are now considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
These earnings relate to ongoing operations and have been reinvested in active
non-U.S. business operations. Further, we do not intend to repatriate these
earnings to fund U.S. operations.  As a result, U.S. deferred taxes have not
been provided on $2 billion of accumulated earnings, including accumulated
other comprehensive income, of these non-U.S. affiliates. Potential U.S. income
tax liabilities related to such earnings would be offset, in whole or in part,
by allowable foreign tax credits resulting from foreign taxes paid to foreign
jurisdictions in which such operations are located.  As a result, we currently
believe that any incremental U.S. income tax liabilities relating to
indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings would not be significant. Deferred
taxes have been provided on earnings of non-U.S. affiliates whose earnings are
not indefinitely reinvested. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, the effective
tax rate on income from continuing operations was 32.3 percent. The effective
tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax
rate of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits of $195 million associated
with tax exempt interest income, $127 million related to reclassifications from
accumulated other comprehensive income to income from continuing operations
related to the disposal of available for sale securities, $58 million
associated with the effect of foreign operations, and $109 million related to
the partial completion of the IRS examination covering tax year 2006, partially
offset by $324 million of tax charges and related interest associated with
increases in uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing
transactions, and $110 million related to increases in the deferred tax asset
valuation allowances associated with certain foreign jurisdictions. See Note 23
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  66   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Consolidated Results of
Operations 

   


 
 For the year ended December 31,
2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 27.9
percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing operations differs
from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits of $236
million associated with tax exempt interest income, $209 million related to a
decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ capital loss carryforward
valuation allowance, $182 million of income excludible from gross income
related to the  global resolution of certain
residential mortgage-related disputes  and $68 million associated with
the effect of foreign operations.   








 

 Business Segment Operations 

 


 Our business
operations consist of Commercial Insurance, Consumer Insurance, Other
Operations, and a Legacy Portfolio.  

 Commercial Insurance consists of two modules: Liability and
Financial Lines and Property and Special Risks. Consumer Insurance consists of
four modules: Group Retirement, Individual Retirement, Life Insurance and
Personal Insurance. Other Operations consists of businesses and items not
allocated to our other businesses, which are primarily AIG Parent,
Institutional Markets, United Guaranty and Fuji Life. Our Legacy Portfolio
consists of our Legacy Property and Casualty Run-Off Insurance Lines, Legacy
Life Insurance Run-Off Lines and Legacy Investments.   

 We modified the
presentation of our segment results in 2016 to reflect our new operating
structure and prior periods’ presentation has been revised to conform to the
new structure. 

 See Note 3 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our segment
changes. 

 The following table summarizes our business segment operations.
See also Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Core business: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,649) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
 
   
   Property and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,306 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,229 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   290 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   686 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,849 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,206 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (567) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (958) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Core  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,495 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,576 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidations, eliminations and other
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,052 
   
  
 









 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            67 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 

 
  
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   PRODUCTS AND
  DISTRIBUTION 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Liability:  Products include general
  liability, environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers’
  compensation, excess casualty and crisis management insurance products.
  Casualty also includes risk- sharing and other customized structured programs
  for large corporate and multinational customers. 
   Financial Lines:  Products include
  professional liability insurance for a range of businesses and risks,
  including directors and officers liability (D&O), mergers and
  acquisitions (M&A), fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability,
  cyber risk, kidnap and ransom, and errors and omissions insurance (E&O). 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Property:  Products include commercial,
  industrial and energy-related property insurance products and services that
  cover exposures to man-made and natural disasters, including business
  interruption. 
   Special Risks:
   Products include aerospace, political risk, trade credit, portfolio
  solutions, surety and marine insurance. 
   
  
 


 

 Distribution 

 


 Commercial Insurance products are primarily distributed
through a network of independent retail and wholesale brokers. 

 

 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 Customer:   We provide commercial insurance solutions to
the full spectrum of enterprises — from large, multinational, and mid-sized
companies to small businesses, entrepreneurs, and non-profit organizations
across the globe.  We   expect that
investments in underwriting, claims   services,    client risk services, science and data
will continue to differentiate us from   our
peers and drive a superior client   experience.  

 Sharpen Commercial Focus:   Create a 
leaner,  more focused, and more profitable Commercial Insurance
organization.   Deliver a more
competitive return on equity across our businesses primarily through
improvements in our loss ratio.  Optimize   our
business portfolio through risk   selection
by using enhanced data, analytics and the application of science to   deliver superior   risk-adjusted returns. Exit or remediate targeted   sub-segments of underperforming portfolios
or non-core businesses that do not   meet
our risk acceptance or profitability objectives. Maintain and grow profitable
accounts and deliver a better client experience. 

 Drive Efficiency:   Reorganized our operating model into
“modular”, business units with greater end-to-end accountability,  transparency,   and strategic  flexibility,   enhancing decision making and
driving performance improvement   over
time; increase capital fungibility and diversification; streamline our legal
entity structure; optimize reinsurance; improve tax efficiency and reduce
expenses. 

 Invest to Grow:   Grow
our higher-value businesses while investing in transformative opportunities,
continuing initiatives to modernize our technology and infrastructure,
advancing our engineering capabilities, innovating new products and client risk
services and delivering a better client experience. 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              68   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 COMPETITION and challenges 

 


 Operating   in a   highly competitive  industry,   Commercial Insurance competes   against several hundred companies,   specialty    insurance
organizations, mutual companies and other underwriting organizations in the   U.S. In international   markets, we compete for   business with the   foreign    insurance
operations of large global insurance groups and local   companies in specific market areas and product types. Insurance
companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria, product
pricing, service and terms and conditions. Commercial Insurance seeks to distinguish
itself in the   insurance industry
primarily based on its well-established brand, global franchise, multinational
capabilities, financial and capital strength, innovative products, claims
expertise to handle complex claims, expertise in providing specialized
coverages and customer service. 

 We  serve our
business and individual customers on a global basis — from the largest
multinational corporations   to local   businesses and individuals. Our clients
benefit from our substantial underwriting expertise. 

 Our challenges include:  

 •       information
technology infrastructure modernization, which puts pressure on our efforts to
reduce operating expenses;  

 •       long-tail
exposures create added challenges to pricing and risk management; 

 •       over
capacity in certain lines of business creates downward market pressure on
pricing;  

 •       tort
environment volatility in certain jurisdictions and lines of business; and 

 •       volatility
in claims arising from natural and man-made catastrophes. 

 

 OUTLOOK—INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

 


 Below is a discussion of the industry and economic factors
impacting our specific business: 

 

 Liability and Financial Lines 

 


 We have observed an
increase in frequency of severity of losses, particularly in Auto, which is
impacting not only the primary books, but also having leverage impacts on
excess layers.  Loss cost trend rates across U.S. casualty lines in general are
increasing with the exception of U.S. workers’ compensation.  The market is
still challenging in terms of the level of capacity, which is continuing to
impact the rate environment.  The overall rates we have achieved have been
positive across most business lines (in particular in auto where we have seen a
large number of double digit increases as we have remediated underpriced
business through a combination of product exits and use of reinsurance).  The
current accident year deterioration has seen partial offsets as a result of
actions taken in 2016 to grow higher value lines such as M&A and Cyber. 

 Liability and Financial Lines has large international
exposure within the total Commercial Insurance portfolio and will therefore
remain sensitive to volatility in foreign currencies. 

 

 Property and Special Risks 

 


 In 2016, Property and Special Risks experienced growth
in certain strategic high value businesses that led to positive results that
met or exceeded our expectations, including U.S. middle market property, and we
expect such growth to continue in 2017. The U.S. large limit property business
continues to be a profitable investment area, and remains at volumes consistent
with 2015. Property and Special Risks also expects that expansion in certain
growth economies will continue at a faster pace than in developed countries,
but at levels lower than those previously expected due to revised economic
assumptions.  Rates in more commoditized lines of business such as U.S. Excess
and Surplus lines continue to be unsatisfactory and we intend to continue to
reduce our net premiums written in these areas.   

 Overall, Property and Special Risks experienced rate
pressure in 2016, which is expected to continue in the near term, particularly
in the U.S. and Europe. Property and Special Risks continues to differentiate
its underwriting capacity from its peers by leveraging its global footprint,
diverse product offering, risk engineering expertise and significant
underwriting experience. 

 Primarily due to reductions in the Property portfolio
driven by actions to address accounts with inadequate price and/or terms and
conditions, catastrophe exposures have declined. 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            69 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 COMMERCIAL
INSURANCE RESULTS 

 


 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,715 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,407 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total operating revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,828 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,497 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,562 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,735) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   565 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 
  
   
   Loss ratio (b) 
   
  
   104.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   84.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.8 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
   15.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
   13.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
   29.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio (b) 
   
  
   133.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   114.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.5 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss
  ratio, as adjusted and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   accident year combined ratio, as
  adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
   (6.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
   (30.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.7) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
   66.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as
  adjusted 
   
  
   95.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   94.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   94.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
general operating expenses, commissions and other acquisition expenses. 

 (b) 
Consistent with our definition of Pre-tax operating income, excludes loss
reserve discount. 

 The following table presents Commercial Insurance net premiums
written by module, showing change on both reported and constant dollar basis: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  and Financial Lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,379 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Property
  and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,928 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,616 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,773 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              70   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 The following
tables present Commercial accident year catastrophes and severe losses by geography (a) 
and number of events: 

 Catastrophes (b) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Japan 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   126 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   579 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   652 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   951 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,166 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   581 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   505 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   602 
   
  
 


 (a)  Geography
shown in the table represents where the ultimate liability resides, after
intercompany reinsurance agreements, and is not necessarily indicative of where
the catastrophe or severe loss events have occurred.  This presentation follows
our geography modules.  See Item 1. Business for further discussion on our
geography modules. 

 (b)
Natural catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net
impact on AIG in excess of $10 million each. Catastrophes also include
certain man-made events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the
$10 million threshold. 

 Severe Losses (c) 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Japan 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   191 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   317 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   699 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   592 
   
  
 


 (c)  Severe
losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses and surety
losses greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and
subrogation. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            71 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 Liability and
Financial Lines Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,379 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   (Increase) decrease in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   (704) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   337 
   
  
     
   
  
   464 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (366) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,649) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   (301) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 
  
   
   Loss ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   124.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   73.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.0 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   150.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   129.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   103.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.4 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss
  ratio, as adjusted, and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   70.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   67.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.4 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as
  adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   98.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
 


 (a) Consistent with our definition of Pre-tax
operating income, excludes loss reserve discount. 

 Business and Financial
Highlights 

 The net premiums
written decrease in 2016 was driven by the Swiss Re quota share treaty,
portfolio optimization and execution on our pricing strategy, partially offset
by growth in targeted lines of business. The increase in net losses was driven
by net adverse prior year reserve development. The acquisition expense decrease
was primarily related to the 2016 Swiss Re quota share treaty. The general
operating expense decrease was driven by lower employee-related expenses and
other expense savings initiatives. Lower net investment income was driven
primarily by lower alternative investment returns due to weaker performance in
equity markets compared to prior years. 

 We continue to reduce
the relative size of our U.S. casualty portfolio within Liability and Financial
Lines and consequently expect that net premiums written will continue to
decline through 2017, in large part driven by the impact of our continued
strategy on risk selection, disciplined underwriting and execution of our
reinsurance strategy to further reduce risk. 

 As discussed in the Executive Summary, in January 2017, we
entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement with NICO, which
covers 80 percent of up to $9 billion of potential future prior year
development on substantially all of our U.S. Casualty and Financial Lines exposures
for accident years 2015 and prior. Under U.S. GAAP, any potential future prior
year development would be recognized immediately as losses are incurred;
however, the related recoveries under the reinsurance agreement would be
deferred and recognized over the expected recovery period. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              72   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Liability and Financial
  Lines Pre-Tax Operating (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison  
   Pre-tax operating loss increased primarily
  due to: 
   •       higher
  adverse prior year reserve development (increase by $1.8 billion);  
   •       lower
  net premiums earned primarily driven by reinsurance and portfolio
  optimization; and 
   •       lower
  net investment income due to lower income on alternative investments and
  lower interest and dividends. 
   These
  increases were partially offset by: 
   •       lower
  general operating expenses primarily due to lower employee-related expenses
  and other expense reduction initiatives; and 
   •       lower
  acquisition expenses primarily due to the ceding commissions related to the reinsurance
  arrangement with Swiss Re Group which became effective in the first quarter
  of 2016. 
   
  
 


   

   

 
  
   
   Liability and Financial Lines Pre-Tax Operating
  Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014 Comparison 
   Pre-tax operating income decreased primarily
  due to: 
   •       higher
  net adverse prior year loss reserve development (increase by $2.9 billion);
  and 
   •       lower
  net investment income driven by lower income on alternative investments as
  well as lower return on assets due to decreases in interest rates. 
   These
  decreases were partially offset by: 
   •       lower
  general operating expenses primarily due to lower employee-related expenses
  resulting from actions to streamline our management structure and general
  cost containment measures commenced in 2015; and 
   •       lower
  total acquisition expense driven primarily by lower commission rates. 
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            73 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Liability and Financial
  Lines Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased primarily due
  to: 
   •       the
  effect of the reinsurance arrangement with the Swiss Re Group; 
   •       continued
  execution of our strategy to enhance risk selection and optimize our product
  portfolio, including non-renewals, and revising rates, terms and conditions
  in certain underperforming products, particularly U.S. casualty; 
   •       lower
  new and renewal business reflecting efforts to adhere to underwriting
  discipline in the current competitive environment; and 
   •       the
  renewal of a multi-year E&O policy in the U.S. in 2015. 
   These
  decreases were partially offset by growth in certain targeted lines of
  business. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Liability and Financial Lines Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased primarily due
  to: 
   •         declines
  in Liability reflecting: 
   –   
   continued execution of our strategy to enhance our portfolio mix,
  including reduced production in certain underperforming products such as
  excess casualty; and 
   –   
   a decrease in loss sensitive business.  
   This decrease was partially offset by: 
   •       an
  increase in Financial Lines reflecting: 
   –   
   higher renewal retention on growth products such as cyber and M&A;
  and 
   –   
   renewal of a multi-year E&O policy in the U.S. in the first
  quarter of 2015.  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              74   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Liability and Financial
  Lines Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison  
   The increase in combined ratio reflects: 
   •       an
  increase in  the loss
  ratio partially offset by a decrease in the expense ratio. 
     
   The increase in the loss ratio reflects: 
   •     
    reserve
  strengthening mainly in U.S. Workers’ compensation U.S. Other casualty and
  Financial lines; and 
   •        higher accident year loss
  ratio, as adjusted, in Liability. 
     
   The decrease
  in the expense ratio reflects: 
   •       a
  decrease in general operating expense ratio due to our ongoing  focus on cost
  efficiency; and 
   •       lower
  acquisition expense ratio driven by higher commission income through new
  reinsurance transactions. 
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Liability and Financial Lines Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014 Comparison 
   The increase in combined ratio reflects: 
   •     
    an increase in  the loss ratio partially offset by a decrease in the expense
  ratio.  
   The increase in loss ratio  reflects : 
   •       reserve
  strengthening primarily in U.S. Excess casualty as well as Financial lines;
  and 
   •     
    higher
  accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, driven by Casualty. 
   The decrease in the expense
  ratio  reflects : 
   •     
    decreases
  in the general operating expense ratio due to our ongoing focus on cost
  efficiency; and 
   •     
    lower
  acquisition ratio driven by change in business mix. 
     
   
  
 


    


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            75 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 Property and
Special Risks Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,549 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,046 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250) 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,849 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
   910 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,033 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   542 
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (654) 
   
  
     
   
  
   623 
   
  
     
   
  
   358 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   568 
   
  
     
   
  
   603 
   
  
     
   
  
   845 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,226 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 
  
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   60.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.3) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   108.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   92.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   95.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss
  ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and accident year combined ratio, as
  adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.2) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as
  adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   88.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   91.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.2) 
   
  
 


   

 Business and Financial
Highlights 

 The net premiums written decrease in 2016 was driven by
portfolio optimization and continued challenging market conditions, coupled
with a decrease of assumed premiums related to the 50 percent quota share reinsurance
agreement with United Guaranty. This quota share reinsurance agreement contributed
$146 million and $86 million to pre-tax operating income in 2016 and 2015,
respectively.  The increase in net losses and loss ratio were driven by higher
catastrophes and higher net adverse prior year loss reserve development,
partially offset by lower severe losses. The expense ratio increase was mainly
driven by business mix shift and premium reduction, which more than offset
expense reduction. Lower net investment income was driven primarily by lower
alternative investment returns due to weaker performance in equity markets
compared to prior years. 

 Our sale of the Ascot business at the end of 2016 will also
lead to a decline in net premiums written in 2017. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              76   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Property and Special Risks Pre-Tax
  Operating Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison 
   Pre-tax
  operating income decreased primarily due to: 
   •     
   higher adverse prior year development primarily due to an
  increase in the U.S. Programs business;  
   •     
   increased catastrophe losses by approximately $600 million; and 
   •     
   lower net investment income due to lower income on alternative
  investments.  
   These declines were partially offset by: 
   •     
   lower severe losses; 
   •     
   the effect of the 50 percent quota share reinsurance agreement
  with UGC; and 
   •     
   slightly lower general operating expenses primarily due to
  lower employee-related expenses and other expense reduction initiatives. 
   
  
 


   

   

 
  
   
   Property and Special Risks Pre-Tax Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison 
   Pre-tax
  operating income increased slightly primarily due to: 
   •     
   favorable impact of $87 million from the 50 percent quota share
  reinsurance agreement with UGC which became effective in the first quarter of
  2015; and 
   •     
   lower attritional losses due to enhanced risk selection. 
   This was partially offset by: 
   •     
   lower net investment income due to lower income on alternative
  investments as well as lower income on investments  accounted for under the
  fair value option; 
   •     
   slightly higher general operating expenses due to the NSM
  acquisition, which was consolidated commencing in the second quarter of 2015; 
   •     
   higher acquisition other expenses due to an increase in net
  commission expenses in certain classes of businesses, as well as higher
  premium taxes and other assessments reflecting changes in the business mix;
  and 
   •     
   higher severe losses.  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            77 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Property and Special Risks Net
  Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Net premiums
  written decreased primarily due to: 
   •     
   continued execution of our strategy to optimize our portfolio
  mix; 
   •     
   increases in rate pressure, significant competition and
  challenging market conditions; 
   •     
   lower new and renewal business reflecting the continued
  adherence to our underwriting discipline in the current competitive
  environment; and 
   •     
   lower premiums related to the 50 percent quota share
  reinsurance agreement with UGC. 
   These decreases were partially offset by: 
   •     
   increases in target growth business in Special Risks. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Property and Special Risks Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison  
   Net premiums
  written decreased slightly primarily due to: 
   •     
   portfolio optimization and continued challenging market
  conditions; and 
   •     
   reduced production in certain products due to enhanced risk
  selection. 
   These decreases were partially offset by: 
   •     
   the favorable impact of $392 million from the 50 percent quota
  share reinsurance agreement with UGC which became effective in the first
  quarter of 2015 
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              78   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Business Segment Operations    |  Commercial Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Property and Special Risks
  Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison 
   The increase
  in combined ratio reflected: 
   •        an
  increase in  the loss
  ratio and expense ratio. 
   The increase in
  the loss ratio reflected: 
   •        higher accident year loss
  ratio, as adjusted, driven by higher attritional loss ratio in the U.S.
  Programs business; 
   •        higher catastrophe losses; 
   •        higher net adverse prior
  year development; and 
   •        partially offset by lower
  severe losses, as well as the effect of the 50 percent quota share
  reinsurance agreement with UGC.  
   The increase in expense
  ratio reflected: 
   •        higher general operating
  expense ratio due to timing of premium reduction, which more than offset expense
  reduction; and  
   •     
    higher
  acquisition ratios driven by change in business mix. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Property and Special Risks Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison  
   The decrease
  in combined ratio reflected: 
   •        decrease in the loss ratio
  partially offset by an  increase in  the acquisition ratio.  
   The decrease in
  both loss ratio and accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, reflected: 
   •        lower attritional loss ratio
  from U.S. Property; 
   •        lower attritional loss ratio
  in Special Risks which reflected the effect of the  50 percent
  quota share  reinsurance
  agreement  with UGC; and 
   •        partially offset by an
  increase of 1.3 points in severe losses.  
   The expense
  ratio remained unchanged reflecting: 
   •     
    higher
  acquisition ratio  due to an increase in net commission expenses in
  certain classes of businesses, as well as higher premium taxes and other
  assessments reflecting change in business mix ; and 
   •     
   partially offset by lower general operating expense ratio due
  to lower employee-related expenses, and other expense reduction initiatives. 
   
  
 


    








 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            79 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
              

 
  
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Variable
  Annuities:   Products include
  variable annuities that offer a combination of growth potential, death
  benefit features and income protection features.  Variable annuities are
  distributed primarily through banks, wirehouses, and regional and independent
  broker-dealers. 
   Index Annuities:   Products include fixed index annuities that
  provide growth potential based in part on the performance of a market index.
  Certain fixed index annuity products offer optional income protection
  features. Fixed index annuities are distributed primarily through banks,
  broker dealers, independent marketing organizations and independent insurance
  agents. 
   Fixed Annuities:   Products include single premium fixed
  annuities, immediate annuities and deferred income annuities. The Fixed
  Annuities product line maintains its industry-leading position in the U.S.
  bank distribution channel by designing products collaboratively with banks
  and offering an efficient and flexible administration platform. 
   Retail Mutual Funds:   Includes our mutual fund sales and related
  administration and servicing operations. Retail Mutual Funds are distributed primarily
  through broker-dealers. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Group
  Retirement:   Products    and services   include group   mutual
  funds,   group fixed   annuities,    group variable annuities, individual annuity and investment
  products, and financial planning and  advisory  
  services. 
   Products and services are marketed by the Variable Annuity
  Life Insurance Company (VALIC) under the VALIC brand and include investment
  offerings and plan administrative and compliance services. VALIC career
  financial advisors and independent financial advisors provide retirement plan
  participants with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning
  services. 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              80   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   
   
  
   Life Insurance:  In
  the U.S., primarily includes term life and universal life insurance.
  International operations include the distribution of life and health products
  in the UK and Ireland.  Life products in the U.S. are primarily distributed
  through independent marketing organizations, independent insurance agents,
  financial advisors and direct marketing. 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Individual:   Products include personal auto and property
  in Japan and other selected international markets and insurance for high net
  worth individuals offered through AIG Private Client Group, including auto,
  homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections insurance with a focus
  on the U.S. and multi-national coverage offerings. Products are distributed
  through various channels, including agents and brokers. 
   Group:  Products include
  voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and supplemental health products
  for individuals, employees, associations and other organizations, a broad
  range of travel insurance products and services for leisure and business
  travelers as well as extended warranty insurance covering electronics,
  appliances, and HVAC industries. Products are distributed through various
  channels, including agents, brokers, affinity partners, airlines and travel
  agents. 
   
  
 


 

 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 Customer:   Strive to be our clients’ most valued insurer
through our unique franchise, which brings together a broad portfolio of
retirement, life insurance and personal insurance products offered through
multiple distribution networks. Consumer Insurance focuses on ease of doing
business, offering valuable solutions, and expanding and deepening its
distribution relationships across multiple channels. 

 Sharpen Consumer Focus:   Invest    in    areas    where    Consumer    Insurance    can    grow
profitability and sustain ably,   and   achieve  
 and    maintain    industry    leading    positions.    Narrow    Consumer
Insurance’s   footprint  
 in    less    profitable
markets   with    insufficient scale. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Individual Retirement   will    continue    to    capitalize    on    the opportunity   to    meet    consumer    demand    for    guaranteed    income  
   by    maintaining    innovative    variable    and    index  
   annuity    products ,    while    also    managing    risk    from guarantee   features    through    risk-mitigating    product    design  and    well-developed    economic    hedging    capabilities.  
   O ur    fixed  annuity products   provide    diversity    in    our    annuity    product    suite    by    of fering    stable  
   returns    for    retirement    savings.  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group Retirement   continues    to    enhance  
   its    technology  platform  to    improve  
  the   customer   experience  for   plan   sponsors    and    individual    participants.    VALIC’s    self-service tools paired with its
  career financial advisors  provide  a    compelling    service    platform.  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Life Insurance  continues    to    invest  to    position    itself  for    growth,    while executing   on  strategies    to    enhance  
  returns.  
   Life Insurance is focused on rationalizing   its product portfolio, aligning
  distribution with its   most    productive    channels, consolidating   systems    to    state-of-the-art
  platforms, and employing innovative underwriting enhancements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Personal Insurance   aims   to 
  provide  clients   with  valuable   solutions,   delivered  through   the    channels    they    prefer.  
   We  continue    to    focus    and
  invest   in  the    most    profitable
  markets and segments, while narrowing our footprint  where   appropriate.  
   We   are
  also   leveraging our   multinational capabilities   to    meet    the increasing   demand for cross-border   coverage    and  
   services. Personal Insurance   will    continue  to   use   our    strong risk management and   market expertise to   foster  
   growth    by    providing
  innovative   and    competitive    solutions    to   its customers   and distributors. 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            81 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 Operational Effectiveness:   Simplify    processes
and enhance operating environments  to  
 increase  competitiveness,    improve    service  
 and    product   capabilities  and  facilitate   delivery   of    our  target    customer  
experience.   W e   continue   to   invest  in
technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing business for our
distribution partners and customers. In the U.S. Life business, we are focused
on leveraging our most efficient systems and increasing automation of our
underwriting process.  We   believe that
simplifying our operating models will enhance productivity and support further
profitable growth. 

 Balance Sheet Management:  Lead
a rigorous product and portfolio approach with enhanced product design and high
quality investments that match our asset and liability exposures and are
designed to ensure our ability to meet cash and liquidity needs under all
operating scenarios. 

 Value Creation and Capital
Management:  Strive to deliver   solid    earnings through   disciplined pricing, sustainable   underwriting    improvements,
expense reductions, and diversification of risk, while optimizing capital
allocation and efficiency within insurance entities   to    enhance    ROE.  

 

 COMPETITION and challenges 

 


 Consumer Insurance operates in the highly competitive
insurance and financial services industry in the U.S. and select international
markets and competes against various financial services companies, including
mutual funds, banks  and    other    life  
 and    property   casualty  insurance 
companies.   Competition    is    primarily    based    on    product    pricing  
 and    design,    distribution,
financial strength, customer service and ease of doing business. 

 Consumer  Insurance   remains
competitive due to  its    long-standing   market  leading    positions,  
 innovative    products,    distribution    relationships across multiple channels,
customer-focused service, multi-national capabilities and strong financial
ratings. 

 Our primary challenges include:  

 ·         
 a sustained
low interest rate environment, which  makes it difficult to profitably price
new products and puts margin pressure on existing business due to lower
reinvestment yields; 

 ·         
 increased
competition in our primary markets, including aggressive pricing of annuities
by private equity-backed annuity writers, increased competition and
consolidation of employer groups in the group retirement planning market, and
increased competition for auto and homeowners’ insurance in Japan; 

 ·         
 increasingly
complex new and proposed regulatory requirements have created uncertainty that
is affecting industry growth; and 

 ·         
 investments
to upgrade our technology and underwriting processes challenge our management
of general operating expenses. 

 

 OUTLOOK—INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 

 


 Below is a discussion
of the industry and economic factors impacting our specific modules: 

 

 Individual Retirement 

 


 Increasing life expectancy and reduced expectations for
traditional retirement income from defined benefit programs and fixed income
securities are leading   Americans to
seek additional financial security as they approach retirement.   The strong demand for individual variable
and fixed index annuities with guaranteed income features has attracted
increased competition   in   this 
product  space.   In    response  
 to    the    continued   low   interest   rate  environment,   which    has    added
pressure  to   profit margins, we
have developed guaranteed income benefits for both variable and fixed index
annuities with margins that  are less  sensitive    to    the    level
of interest  rates.  

 Changes in the interest rate environment have a significant
impact on sales, surrender rates, investment returns, guaranteed income
features, and spreads in the annuity industry. See AIG’s Outlook – Industry and
Economic Factors – Changes in the Interest Rate Environment for additional
discussion of the impact of market interest rate movement on our Individual
Retirement business .   

 Individual Retirement
provides products and services to certain employee benefit plans that are
subject to the requirements of the DOL Fiduciary Rule.  For additional
information on the DOL Fiduciary
Rule, including the recent decision by the new administration to request a
further review of the DOL Fiduciary Rule, see Part I, Item 1. Business – Regulation. 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              82   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 Group Retirement 

 


 Group Retirement competes in the defined contribution
market under its  VALIC   brand.   VALIC   is a leading   retirement    plan provider in  the   U.S.  for  
 K-12    schools   and  school    districts, higher   education, healthcare, government and   other not-for-profit institutions.   The defined contribution market is a
highly efficient and competitive market that requires support   for  
both   plan   sponsors  and individual   participants.    T o    meet    this    challenge,    VALIC   is   investing  
 in  a    client-focused    technology    platform  
to   support   improved  compliance   and 
self-service  functionality.   VALIC’s  
service   model   pairs  self-service    tools
with its career financial advisors who provide individual plan participants
with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning services.  

 Changes in the interest rate environment have a significant
impact on sales, surrender rates, investment returns, guaranteed income
features, and spreads in the annuity industry. See AIG’s Outlook –Industry and
Economic Factors - Changes in the Interest Rate Environment for additional
discussion of the impact of market interest rate movement on our Group
Retirement business. 

 Group Retirement provides
products and services to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to the
requirements of the DOL Fiduciary Rule.  For additional information on the DOL Fiduciary Rule, including the
recent decision by the new administration to request a further review of the
DOL Fiduciary Rule, see
Part I, Item 1. Business – Regulation. 

 

 Life Insurance 

 


 Consumers have increased needs for financial protection for beneficiaries,
estate planning and wealth creation.  Life Insurance addresses the need for
protection against the risk of premature death through a broad spectrum of
products that include both term and permanent life insurance. In addition, Life
Insurance offers products and benefits that offset other risks such as chronic
and critical illness. 

 In response to a sustained low interest rate environment,
Life Insurance has been actively re-pricing products and shifting its focus
away from products with long-duration interest rate guarantees by introducing
new products with shorter guarantees as well as indexed universal life products . See AIG’s Outlook –Industry and Economic
Factors - Changes in the Interest Rate Environment for additional discussion of
the impact of market interest rate movement on our Life Insurance business. 

 

 Personal Insurance 

 


 The   need   for 
 full   life  cycle   products   and   coverage,  increases in 
 personal    wealth    accumulation,    and awareness   of    insurance    protection
and  risk   management    continue  
 to    support    the    growth    of
 the    Personal    Insurance    industry.   Personal   Insurance    focuses   on group and 
corporate   clients,    together  
 with    individual  customers   within
national  markets.   We  expect  
the   demand
 for    multinational    cross-border    coverage    and   services   to   increase   due  to  
 the    internationalization    of  clients   and   customers.   We believe o ur   global   presence provides 
Personal   Insurance    a  
distinct  competitive  advantage. 

 In Japan, the competition for auto insurance has
intensified, in part driven by a decline in new car sales and the existence  of  fewer  
but larger   insurers.   In   addition,  
the   overall  
market size   in    homeowners insurance 
contracted  after  the   duration 
 restriction on long-term fire insurance became  effective   in October 2015. In the U.S., we compete in the high
net worth   market   and   will  
continue   to    expand    our    innovative  
 products and  services   to  
distribution partners   and  
clients.   Outside   of   Japan    and  
the  U.S., our  Personal   Insurance    module   continues   to  
invest  selectively   in   markets,  which we   believe have  higher
potential for sustainable profitability. 

 

 CONSUMER INSURANCE RESULTS 

 


 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,620 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,347 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,205 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,849 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            83 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 *    Includes general operating expenses, non-deferrable
commissions, other acquisition expenses, advisory fee expenses and other
expenses.  

 Our
insurance companies generate significant revenues from investment activities. 
As a result, the modules in Consumer Insurance are subject to variances in net
investment income on the asset portfolios that support insurance liabilities
and surplus. See Investments for additional information on our investment
strategy, asset-liability management process and invested asset composition. 

 The Individual
Retirement, Group Retirement and Life Insurance modules review and update
estimated gross profit assumptions used to amortize deferred policy acquisition
costs (DAC) and related items for investment-oriented products, as well as
other actuarial assumptions, at least annually. As a result, the pre-tax
operating earnings of these businesses include adjustments to policy fees,
policyholder benefits, interest credited and DAC amortization to reflect such
assumption updates, which may be significant. See Insurance Reserves – Life and
Annuity Reserves and DAC – Update of Actuarial Assumptions for the amount of
adjustments recorded to reflect such assumption updates in 2016, 2015 and 2014
by product line and financial statement line item and for related discussion of
the assumption changes that resulted in these adjustments. 

 Individual Retirement Results 

   

 The following table presents
individual retirement results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   709 
   
  
     
   
  
   670 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,838 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   688 
   
  
     
   
  
   638 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,306 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 A diverse product portfolio enabled Individual
Retirement to maintain industry-leading positions in annuity sales despite a
challenging environment, which included an industry-wide slowdown primarily
driven by uncertainty about the DOL Fiduciary Rule, compared to strong Variable
and Index Annuity sales growth in 2015 and 2014. Our total sales of Index
Annuities slowed in 2016 but continued to outpace the industry. Fixed Annuities
sales increased in 2016 as customers chose the safety of fixed returns in a
period of equity volatility, but the sustained low interest rate environment,
together with aggressive pricing by private equity-backed annuity writers,
resulted in a modest decline in market share in 2016 and negative net flows for
Fixed Annuities in 2016, 2015 and 2014. Reinvestment in the low interest rate
environment contributed to spread compression in Fixed Annuities, and net
investment income results included volatility from alternative investments,
mortgage loan prepayments, and fair value option assets. Pre-tax operating
income also included adjustments in each year to update actuarial assumptions,
particularly from lower surrenders across all product lines. Excluding such
adjustments, net growth in average assets for Variable and Index Annuities
drove higher fee income, partially offset by increased DAC amortization. The
sale of AIG Advisor Group in May 2016 resulted in decreases in advisory fee
income, advisory fee expense and general operating expenses in 2016 compared to
2015, but did not result in a significant decrease in pre-tax operating income. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              84   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Individual Retirement
  Pre-Tax Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Pre-tax
  operating income increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to: 
   •        a higher net positive
  adjustment from the review and update of actuarial assumptions, which was
  $369 million in 2016 compared to $92 million in 2015; 
   •        higher net investment income
  primarily due to commercial mortgage loan prepayment income, growth in
  average invested assets and higher gains on securities for which the fair
  value option was elected, partially offset by lower income on alternative
  investments compared to 2015; 
   •        better equity market
  performance which contributed to a decrease in policyholder benefit expense
  and DAC amortization. This was partially offset by higher DAC amortization,
  excluding the impact of actuarial assumption updates and equity market
  performance, which reflected a higher rate of amortization in Fixed Annuities
  and growth in Index Annuities; 
   •        higher policy fee income due
  to  growth in
  annuity account values from positive net flows;  and 
   •     
    lower
  general operating expenses due to decreases in employee-related expenses. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement Pre-Tax Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison 
   Pre-tax operating income in
  2015 decreased compared to 2014 primarily due to: 
   •        lower net investment income
  due to lower returns on alternative investments in hedge funds and lower base
  net investment income primarily due to reinvestment in the low interest rate
  environment;  
   •        a lower net positive
  adjustment from the review and update of actuarial assumptions, which was $92
  million in 2015 compared to $200 million in 2014;  
   •        higher DAC amortization in
  Variable and Index Annuities due to growth in the business and lower equity market
  returns; and 
   •        higher general operating
  expenses due in part to technology investments and higher expenses associated
  with continued strong sales in Variable and Index Annuities.  
   These decreases
  were partially offset by higher policy fee income due to growth in annuity
  account values. 
   
  
 


    


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            85 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 Individual Retirement
GAAP Premiums, Premiums and Deposits, Surrenders and Net Flows 

 For
Individual Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on
life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums increased in 2016 compared to 2015,
primarily due to higher rates in the first half of 2016. Premiums decreased in
2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower market interest rates through
October 2015. 

 Premiums
and deposits  is a non‑GAAP financial
measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds under
administration .    

 Net
flows for annuity products in Individual Retirement represent premiums and
deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for
mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Individual Retirement
premiums and deposits to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   242 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,238 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,248 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (166) 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,062 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,324 
   
  
 


 Surrender Rates 

 The following table presents surrenders as a percentage of average
reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  as a percentage of average reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed
  Annuities 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Variable
  and Index Annuities 
   
  
   5.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 The following table  presents
reserves for Fixed Annuities and Variable and Index Annuities by surrender
charge category : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Index 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Index 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   No surrender charge 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,674 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,338 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,317 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,549 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   857 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,314 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,221 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,741 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,361 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,599 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,966 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,741 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,342 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,957 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,983 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55,307 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              86   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 Individual Retirement annuities are typically
subject to a four- to seven-year surrender  charge period,
depending on the product. The increase in the amount and proportion of annuity
reserves that have no surrender charge at December 31, 2016 compared to
December 31, 2015 was primarily due to normal aging of this book of business,
as well as lower than expected surrenders of older contracts with higher
minimum interest rates on fixed account balances that have continued to be
attractive to the contract holders in the low interest rate environment.  For
Variable and Index Annuities, the increase in reserves with higher surrender
charges during these periods was due to positive net flows from these product
lines during 2016. The increase in the amount of reserves within the surrender
charge period, as well as uncertainty around the DOL Fiduciary Rule, drove the
improvement in the surrender rate in 2016 and 2015. 

 A  discussion 
of the significant variances in premiums and deposits and net flows for each
product line follows: 

 
  
   
   Individual Retirement Premiums and Deposits (P&D)
  and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   •        Fixed Annuities    deposits increased in 2016 primarily due to higher sales in the
  bank and broker-dealer distribution channels as a result of customers
  favoring the safety of fixed annuities in response to equity market
  volatility. Net flows were negative in 2016, but improved compared to 2015
  due to higher sales. 
   •        Variable and Index Annuities  net flows in 2016 were
  significantly lower due to a decrease in premiums and deposits, primarily due
  to lower sales of variable  annuities, which reflected  a strategic decision to scale back living benefits during the
  period of very low interest rates, as well as  an industry-wide slowdown  and uncertainty around the
  effect of the new DOL Fiduciary Rule. 
   •     
   Retail Mutual Funds   net
  flows increased in 2016 due to improvement in the level of deposits, which
  was partially offset by higher surrenders, both driven by activity within the
  Focused Dividend Strategy Portfolio fund. 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            87 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Individual Retirement Premiums
  and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison  
   •     
   Fixed Annuities  premiums
  and deposits increased in 2015 due to new product offerings and increases in
  market interest rates driven by widening credit spreads in the second half of
  the year, while net flows continued to be negative, primarily due to the
  sustained relatively low interest rate environment. 
   •     
   Variable and Index Annuities  premiums
  and deposits and net flows reflected lower Variable Annuities sales in 2015,
  due to market uncertainty around the DOL Fiduciary Rule and equity market
  volatility, partially offset by an increase in Index Annuity sales.  
   •     
   Retail Mutual Funds   deposits
  increased in 2015, driven primarily by activity within the Focused Dividend
  Strategy Portfolio fund. In 2015, sales and withdrawals for this fund
  improved compared to a decline in 2014, due to a return to strong performance
  levels, which drove the growth in Retail Mutual Funds net flows. 
   
  
 


    

 Group Retirement Results 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   405 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory
  fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits
  and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder
  benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization
  of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non
  deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory
  fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General
  operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,229 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Group Retirement showed significant improvement
in net flows in 2016 compared to 2015 and 2014, due to lower surrenders as well
as record sales, resulting in part from its investment in talent, group plan
administration record-keeping capabilities and digital functionality. Pressure
on investment spread from reinvestment in the low interest rate environment has
been partially mitigated by effective crediting rate management. Net investment
income results included volatility from alternative investments, mortgage loan
prepayments and fair value option assets. Pre-tax operating income also
included adjustments in each year to update actuarial assumptions. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              88   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Group Retirement Pre-Tax
  Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison  
   Pre-tax operating income decreased in 2016
  compared to 2015 primarily due to: 
   •       a
  net negative adjustment of $47 million in 2016 from the review and update of
  actuarial assumptions compared to a net positive adjustment of $48 million in
  2015; 
   •       lower
  net investment income on alternative investments compared to 2015 and lower
  base spreads primarily due to lower investment returns, partially offset by
  higher commercial mortgage loan prepayments and gains on securities for which
  the fair value option was elected; and 
   •       lower
  policy fee income primarily due to a decrease in separate account assets as a
  result of negative net flows.  
   These
  decreases were partially offset by lower general operating expenses due to
  reductions in employee-related expenses.  
   
  
 


   

   

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Pre-Tax Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014 Comparison 
   Pre-tax operating income decreased in 2015 compared
  to 2014 primarily due to: 
   •       lower
  net investment income primarily due to lower returns on alternative
  investments in hedge funds and lower reinvestment yields in the low interest
  rate environment, partially offset by additional accretion income, higher
  bond call and tender income and gains on securities for which the fair value
  option was elected; 
   •       higher
  DAC amortization (excluding adjustments to reflect assumption updates) due to
  higher run rate from assumptions updated in the prior year; and 
   •       lower
  policy fee income due to a decrease in separate account assets, which
  reflected negative net flows. 
   These decreases were partially offset by: 
   •       lower
  interest credited due to effective crediting rate management and lower volume
  of fixed account values; 
   •       lower
  policyholder benefits due to favorable mortality on immediate annuities; and 
   •       lower
  general operating expenses due primarily to lower legal expenses, partially
  offset by higher pension costs and higher taxes, licenses and fees. 
   
  
 


    


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            89 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 Group Retirement
GAAP Premiums, Premiums and Deposits, Surrenders and Net Flows 

 For
Group Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on
life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums increased in 2016 compared to 2015,
as customers continued to invest in immediate annuities due to equity market
volatility. Premiums decreased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower
interest rates. 

 Premiums
and deposits  is a non‑GAAP financial
measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds under
administration .    

 Net
flows for annuity products included in Group Retirement represent premiums and
deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for
mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals .  

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Group Retirement
premiums and deposits to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,899 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,699 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums
  and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,743 
   
  
 


 Surrender Rates 

 The following table presents Group Retirement surrenders as a percentage
of average reserves and mutual funds under administration: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  as a percentage of average reserves and mutual funds 
   
  
   8.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   10.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   11.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 The following table presents reserves for Group Retirement annuities
by surrender charge category: 

 
  
   
   At
  December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
 
   
   No surrender
  charge (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,743 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,200 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,395 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,434 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,955 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,312 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,622 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a)  Excludes
mutual fund assets under administration of $16.3 billion and $14.5 billion
at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 (b)  Group
Retirement amounts in this category include reserves of approximately $6.3 billion
and $6.2 billion, at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, that are subject
to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations. 

 Group
Retirement annuities are typically subject to a five- to seven-year surrender  charge period, depending on the product.
The increase in the amount and proportion of Group Retirement annuity reserves
that have no surrender charge at December 31, 2016 compared to December 31,
2015 was primarily due to normal aging of this book of business, as well as
lower than expected surrenders of older contracts with higher minimum interest
rates on fixed account balances that have continued to be attractive to the
contract holders in the low interest rate environment. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              90   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 A discussion of the significant variances in
premiums and deposits and net flows follows: 

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Net  flows improved significantly due to both record deposits in 2016 and
  improved surrender activity, which included group plan surrenders of
  approximately $631 million in 2016 compared to $1.5 billion in 2015. The
  group plan market has been impacted by the consolidation of healthcare
  providers and other employers in target markets, but group plan acquisitions
  improved in 2016 compared to 2015, due in part to investments in talent, group
  plan administration record-keeping capabilities and digital functionality . 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Group Retirement Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows 
   (in millions) 
   
    
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison  
   Net flows were negative in both periods but improved in 2015,
  primarily due to lower surrender activity. The improvement in the surrender
  rate was due in part to lower group plan surrenders, which were approximately
  $1.5 billion in 2015, compared to $2.7 billion in 2014. Group Retirement’s
  surrenders were impacted in both years by the consolidation of healthcare
  providers and other employers and increased competition in its target
  markets.  
     
   
  
 
     
    
    
  
 


    


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            91 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 Life Insurance
Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,311 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,379 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,338 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   714 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   290 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Life Insurance new individual life sales in 2016
continued at prior year levels despite strategic actions to exit certain group
benefits distribution channels. Life Insurance is focused on selling profitable
new products through strategic channels to enhance future returns. Pre-tax
operating losses in 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to reserve increases from
the update of actuarial assumptions and lower alternative investment income, as
well as poor morbidity experience in the group business, which Life Insurance
has addressed through strategic actions. We acquired AIG Life Limited in the UK
in December 2014, and sales growth with early year losses in this young
organization has contributed to the pre-tax operating losses in Life Insurance.
Domestic general operating expenses decreased in 2016 compared to 2015,
primarily due to the strategic decision to refocus the group benefits business
and other reductions in staffing. 

 
  
   
   Life Insurance Pre-Tax Operating Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Pre-tax operating loss in 2016 improved compared
  to 2015 primarily due to: 
   •     
   a lower net negative adjustment from the review and update of
  actuarial assumptions, which was $92 million in 2016 compared to $118 million
  in 2015, reflected in policy fees, policyholder benefits and amortization of
  DAC; 
   •     
   improved mortality experience in individual life; and   
   •     
   lower domestic employee-related expenses. 
   These improvements
  were partially offset by: 
   •     
   lower net investment income on alternative investments, largely
  offset by higher other enhancement income, primarily bond call and tender
  income; 
   •     
   underperforming group benefits results, including reserve
  increases and elevated morbidity experience; 
   •     
   reserve increases in individual life;  
   •     
   increases to reserves for individual and group benefit
  products;  
   •     
   higher international general operating expenses, due in part to
  the acquisition in March 2015 of Laya Healthcare, an Irish healthcare
  distributor and administrator, and 
   •     
   increased DAC amortization (excluding adjustments to reflect
  assumption updates). 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              92   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Life Insurance Pre-Tax
  Operating Income (Loss) 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison 
   Pre-tax
  operating income in 2015 decreased compared to 2014 primarily due to: 
   •     
   lower net investment income primarily due to lower returns on
  alternative investments in hedge funds and, to a lesser extent, a decrease
  due to lower yields on the base portfolio; 
   •     
   individual and group mortality experience that was less favorable
  than 2014;  
   •     
   a higher net negative adjustment to reflect updated actuarial
  assumptions, which was $118 million in 2015 compared to $32 million in 2014;
  and 
   •     
   international pre-tax operating losses in 2015, including
  higher general operating expenses, related to the expansion through the
  acquisitions of AIG Life Limited and Laya Healthcare. The increase in
  expenses from these acquisitions was partially offset by domestic savings
  from organizational changes. 
   The increase in other income was due to commission and profit sharing
  revenues received by Laya Healthcare, acquired in March 2015, which was
  offset by related operating expenses. 
   
  
 


   

    

 Life Insurance GAAP Premiums and Premiums and Deposits 

 Premiums for
Life Insurance represent amounts received on traditional life insurance
policies, primarily term life, and group benefit policies. Premiums increased 9
percent in 2016 compared to 2015 and increased 8 percent in 2015 compared to
2014, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, primarily due to growth in
international life and health, including the December 2014 acquisition of AIG
Life Limited in the UK. 

 Premiums and
deposits for Life Insurance is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes
direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on universal life
insurance. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Life Insurance premiums
and deposits to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,311 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,191 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,419 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,441 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   542 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,174 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            93 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 A discussion of the significant
variances in premiums and deposits follows: 

 
  
   
   Life Insurance Premiums and Deposits  
   ($ in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   Premiums and
  deposits grew by 5 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and increased by 6
  percent in 2015 compared to 2014, excluding the effect of foreign exchange,
  principally driven by growth in international life and health sales from the
  acquisition of AIG Life Limited and assumed premiums related to business
  distributed by Laya Healthcare. 
   
  
 


    

 Personal Insurance Results 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (441) 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,418 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,205 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   936 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,202 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   400 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   372 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   686 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.5 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   96.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   102.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   99.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.4 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments for accident year loss
  ratio, as adjusted, and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as
  adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   96.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   99.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
 


 The following table presents Personal Insurance net premiums
written, showing change on both reported and constant dollar basis: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              94   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 The following tables present Personal
Insurance accident year catastrophes and severe losses by geography (a)  and
the number of events: 

 Catastrophes (b) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Japan 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   160 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   86 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   126 
   
  
 


 (a)  Geography
shown in the table represents where the ultimate liability resides, after
intercompany reinsurance agreements, and is not necessarily indicative of where
the catastrophe or severe loss events have occurred.  This presentation follows
our geography modules.  See Item 1. Business for further discussion on our
geography modules.  

 (b)  Natural
catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact
on AIG in excess of $10 million each. Catastrophes also include certain
man-made events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10
million threshold. 

 Severe Losses (c) 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Japan 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
 


 (c)             Severe losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual
first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related
reinsurance and salvage and subrogation. 

 Business and Financial Highlights 

 Personal
Insurance operating results improved significantly in 2016 compared to 2015 and
2014, driven by the effective execution of strategic and portfolio actions to
reduce total expenses, including refocusing direct marketing activities, while
continuing underwriting actions and maintaining pricing discipline. In
addition, while market competition in the personal insurance industry has
intensified, the year-over-year stability of loss ratio and accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted, reflected the underwriting quality, portfolio diversity,
and low volatility of short-tailed risk in our Personal Insurance book.  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            95 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Personal Insurance Pre-Tax
  Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison  
   Pre-tax operating income increased due to:  
   •       improved
  underwriting results driven by: 
   –   
   strategic actions to reduce expenses and refocus direct marketing
  activities; and 
   –   
   higher net favorable prior year loss reserve development. 
     
   These
  increases were partially offset by: 
   •       lower
  net investment income reflecting reduced income on alternative investments;
  and 
   •       higher
  catastrophe losses. 
   
  
 


   

   

 
  
   
   Personal Insurance Pre-Tax Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014 Comparison 
   Pre-tax operating income decreased due to: 
   •       lower
  underwriting results and lower net investment income reflecting reduced
  income on alternative investments. The lower underwriting results were driven
  by: 
   –   
   lower earned premiums; 
   –   
   higher catastrophe losses; 
   –   
   lower net favorable prior year loss reserve development; and 
   –   
   increase in other acquisition expenses, primarily related to
  investments to grow automobile and property businesses and higher profit
  share expenses related to warranty service programs, partially offset by a
  decrease in direct marketing expenses. 
     
   These
  decreases were partially offset by: 
   •       lower
  general operating expenses reflecting an ongoing focus on cost efficiency. 
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              96   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Personal Insurance Net
  Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased both on a reported basis
  and after excluding the effect of foreign exchange. The decrease in net
  premiums written on a constant dollar basis was due to the following: 
   •       decreased
  production in Accident and Health primarily due to continued underwriting
  actions to strengthen our portfolio and maintain pricing discipline, with
  lower sales as a result of refocusing our direct marketing activities; and 
   •     
   decreased production in personal property primarily due to the
  impact of a duration restriction on long-term fire insurance put in place in
  the fourth quarter of 2015 in Japan, partially offset by new business growth
  in the AIG Private Client Group (AIG PCG) business.  
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Personal Insurance Net Premiums Written 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014 Comparison 
   Net premiums written decreased on a reported basis. Net
  premiums written increased excluding the effect of foreign exchange. The
  increase in net premiums written on a constant dollar basis was due to the
  following: 
   •       increased
  production in Accident and Health primarily due to a sales increase in Japan,
  partially offset by a decrease in the U.S., due to continued underwriting
  discipline; 
   •       increased
  production in personal property attributable to new business sales and
  improved retention in AIG PCG; 
   •       increase
  in Japan new housing starts and heightened demand before the duration
  restriction on long-term fire insurance became effective in October 2015; and 
   •       retention
  of more favorable risks in U.S. personal property through optimization in
  reinsurance structure, while continuing to manage aggregate exposure. 
   
  
 


   

   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            97 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment  Operations |
 Consumer Insurance   

   


 
 
  
   
   Personal Insurance Combined
  Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015 Comparison  
   The decrease in combined ratio reflects: 
   •     
    a
  decrease in expense ratio due to strategic actions to reduce expenses; and 
   •     
    a
  decrease in loss ratio primarily due to higher net favorable prior year loss
  reserve development. 
   The slight increase in accident year loss ratio, as adjusted,
  reflects: 
   •     
    higher
  severe losses and higher number of large but not severe losses in the U.S.
  personal property business. 
   The decrease in acquisition ratio reflects: 
   •     
    lower
  direct marketing  expenses as we refocused our activities. 
   The decrease in general operating expense ratio reflects:  
   •     
    lower
  employee-related expenses arising from organization realignment together with
  lower strategic investment expenditures. 
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Personal Insurance Combined Ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014 Comparison 
   The increase in combined ratio reflects: 
   •     
    higher 
  loss ratio and expense ratio. 
   The increase in accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, reflects: 
   •     
    higher
  large but not severe losses in automobile and personal property businesses,
  partially offset by a decrease in losses in warranty service programs and
  lower severe losses. 
   The increase in acquisition ratio reflects: 
   •     
    higher
  acquisition costs in warranty service programs and in the automobile
  business, partially offset by lower direct marketing expenses in Accident and
  Health business. 
   The increase in general operating expense ratio reflects: 
   •        higher investment in
  strategic initiatives and technology-related expenses, partially offset by
  ongoing focus on cost efficiency. 
   
  
 


    








 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              98   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment Operations    |  Other Operations 

   


 
 Other Opera tions 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Other Operations results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating loss by activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   522 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   592 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fuji Life 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (313) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Parent and Other: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (666) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (411) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (629) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (983) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,291) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income (expense), net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Parent and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,547) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,330) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,951) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating loss before
  eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (567) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (958) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidation, eliminations and other
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (300) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (706) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (643) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 2016 and 2015 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating loss before eliminations increased primarily due to higher Parent and
Other corporate general operating expenses partially offset by lower interest
expense.  Parent and Other general operating expenses increased in 2016 due to
higher technology costs as a result of our investment in our infrastructure,
offset by lower professional fees and employee related costs, consistent with
our strategy to reduce expenses.  In addition, 2015 included a $175 million
pension curtailment credit.  Parent and Other interest expense decreased
primarily as a result of liability management activities.  

 Pre-tax
operating income of United Guaranty decreased primarily as a result of the 50
percent quota share reinsurance agreement between United Guaranty and our
subsidiaries for business originated from 2014 to 2016. 

 Pre-tax
operating income of Fuji Life increased primarily as a result of increases in
underwriting and net investment income.  The increase in underwriting income
was primarily as a result of new products launched during 2016. Net investment
income increased primarily as a result of increased investment in bonds.   

 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating loss before eliminations decreased primarily due to lower Parent and
Other corporate general operating expenses and interest expense.  Parent and
Other general operating expenses decreased in 2015 due to a $175 million
pension curtailment credit. Parent and Other interest expense decreased
primarily as a result of liability management activities.  

 Pre-tax
operating income of United Guaranty decreased primarily as a result of the 50
percent quota share reinsurance agreement between United Guaranty and our
subsidiaries for business originated from 2014 to 2016.   

 Pre-tax
operating income of Institutional Markets decreased primarily due to a reserve
release in 2014 and lower net investment income, which reflected lower returns
on alternative investments in hedge funds.  



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            99 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 
 Legacy Por tfolio 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Legacy Insurance Lines represent
exited or discontinued product lines, policy forms or distribution channels. 

 Legacy Property and Casualty
Run-Off Insurance Lines  — include excess workers’ compensation, asbestos
and environmental exposures. 

 Legacy Life Insurance Run-Off
Lines  — include whole life, long term care and exited Accident
& Health product lines. Also includes certain structured settlement,
terminal funding and single premium immediate annuities written prior to April
2012. 

 Legacy Investments  —
 include investment classes that we have placed
into run-off (life settlements, Legacy Global Real Estate, the Direct
Investment book) and equity-like securities with high yield high-risk
characteristics. 

 

 BUSINESS   STRATEGY  

 


 For Legacy Insurance Lines, securing the
interests of our policyholders and insureds is paramount. We have considered
and continue to evaluate the following strategies for these lines: 

 •       Third
party and affiliated reinsurance and retrocessions to improve capital
efficiency 

 •       Commutations
of assumed reinsurance and direct policy buy-backs 

 •       Enhance
insured policyholder options and claims resolution strategies 

 •       Enhanced
asset liability and expense management 

   

 For Legacy Investments,
our business strategy is to maximize liquidity to AIG Parent and minimize book
value impairments while sourcing for our insurance companies attractive assets
for their portfolios. Where the asset is under AIG’s sole control, we expect to
achieve this through a combination of unaffiliated and affiliated sales and
securitizations. Where the asset is not under AIG’s sole control, AIG has fewer
options as we may, for example, have fiduciary duty obligations to joint
venture partners (such as in our Legacy Global Real Estate book). 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              100   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment Operations    |  Legacy Portfolio 

   


 
 LEGACY PORTFOLIO RESULTS 

 


 The following table presents Legacy Portfolio results: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 vs. 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   674 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,037 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,083 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,673 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,894 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  operating revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits
  and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder
  benefits and losses and loss adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization
  of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General
  operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   524 
   
  
     
   
  
   652 
   
  
     
   
  
   837 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  benefits and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,777 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  operating income (loss) by type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property
  and Casualty Run-Off Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (237) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (709) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance Run-Off Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (224) 
   
  
     
   
  
   468 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 Business and Financial Highlights 

   

 In 2015 and 2016, the Legacy Portfolio
executed on several transactions that monetized approximately $7.1 billion of
its portfolio.   Approximately $6 billion came from external sales and internal
securitizations of Legacy Investments to the insurance companies. The most
significant transactions in 2016 were as follows: 

 •       On
November 17, 2016, an AIG sponsored Fund (the Korea Fund) completed the sale of
a mixed-use commercial complex in Seoul, South Korea commonly known as the
Seoul International Finance Center, to Brookfield Properties for total
consideration of $2.5 billion, of which $1.2 billion was used to repay the
fund’s debt. The remaining cash proceeds were allocated between AIG and the
noncontrolling interests in accordance with the Korea Fund’s partnership
agreement. 

 •       On
December 30, 2016, we sold a portion of our life settlements portfolio with
face value (death benefits) of approximately $4.5 billion.  

 •       For
certain attractive, high-yielding assets, a series of internal securitizations
were completed with the insurance companies over the last two years. 

 In addition, the Legacy Run-Off Insurance
business distributed to AIG Parent approximately $1.1 billion in the form of
dividends and tax sharing payments resulting from reinsurance
transactions. These transactions have helped to reduce the relative size
of the Legacy portfolio.  

   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            101 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |    Business Segment
Operations    |  Legacy
Portfolio 

   


 
 
  
   
   Legacy Portfolio Pre-Tax
  Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2016 and 2015
  Comparison  
   Pre-tax
  operating income remained relatively stable; however, there were fluctuations
  within the portfolios due to: 
   •     
   lower Legacy Life earnings in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily
  due to lower net investment income on investments and higher loss recognition
  on certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions; 
   •     
   lower Legacy Property and Casualty pre-tax operating loss
  driven primarily by lower underwriting losses due to a decrease in net
  adverse prior year loss reserve development; and 
   •     
   higher Legacy Investment pre-tax operating income driven mainly
  by asset sales, partially offset by fair value losses on certain investments. 
   
  
 


   

   

 
  
   
   Legacy Portfolio Pre-Tax Operating Income 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   2015 and 2014
  Comparison 
   Pre-tax operating income
  decreased due to the following: 
   •     
   lower Legacy Life earnings in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily
  due to lower returns on alternative investments in hedge funds and lower bond
  call and tender income.  This was  partially offset by a $20 million
  reduction in the reserve for IBNR death claims related to enhanced claims
  practices, compared with a $104 million increase in this reserve in 2014; 
   •     
   lower Legacy Property and Casualty pre-tax operating income
  driven primarily by higher underwriting losses due to an increase in net
  adverse prior year loss reserve development; and 
   •     
   lower Legacy Investment pre-tax operating income driven
  primarily by lower appreciation on assets for which the fair value option was
  elected and lower fair value income on derivative positions. 
   
  
 


    








 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              102   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Overview 

 Our investment strategies are tailored
to the specific business needs of each operating unit. The investment
objectives are driven by the respective business modules and AIG Parent. The
primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of
capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus to support the insurance
products. The majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities consist of
fixed maturity securities. 

 
  
   
   Investment Highlights in 2016 
   
  
 
   
   •       
   Narrowing of credit spreads more
  than offset the rise in interest rates, resulting in a net unrealized gain
  position in our investment portfolio. Net unrealized gains in our available
  for sale portfolio increased to approximately $9.7 billion as of December 31,
  2016 from approximately $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2015. 
   •       
   We continued to make investments
  in structured securities and other fixed maturity securities and increased
  lending activities in mortgage loans with favorable risk versus return
  characteristics to improve yields and increase net investment income. 
   •       
   During 2016, we reduced our hedge
  fund portfolio by $3.2 billion as a result of redemptions consistent with our
  planned reduction of exposure. Our alternative investments portfolio
  performance also experienced a decline in 2016 due to increased volatility in
  equity markets, primarily in the first quarter of 2016. 
   •       
   Blended investment yields on new
  investments were lower than blended rates on investments that were sold,
  matured or called.  
   •       
   Other-than-temporary impairments
  decreased due to lower impairments in our equity securities, available for
  sale. 
   •       
   We recognized gains on sales of
  securities in 2016, primarily due to the sale of a portion of our PICC
  Investment. 
   •       
   The U.S. election and Brexit vote
  have created increased volatility in credit markets and exchange rates as
  well as within the equity markets, which may continue for some time. 
   
  
 


    

 Investment
Strategies  

 Investment
strategies are based on considerations that include the local and general
market conditions, liability duration and cash flow characteristics, rating
agency and regulatory capital considerations, legal investment limitations, tax
optimization and diversification. 

 Some of our key investment strategies are as
follows: 

 •       Fixed
maturity securities held by the U.S. insurance companies included in Property
Casualty Insurance Companies consist of a mix of instruments that meet our
current risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification
objectives. 

 •       Outside
of the U.S., fixed maturity securities held by Property Casualty Insurance
Companies consist primarily of high-grade securities generally denominated in
the currencies of the countries in which we operate.  

 •       While
more of a focus is placed on asset-liability management in Life Insurance
Companies, our fundamental strategy across all of our investment portfolios is
to optimize the duration characteristics of the assets within a target range
based on comparable liability characteristics, to the extent practicable.  

 •       AIG
Parent, included in Other Operations, actively manages its assets and
liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. AIG Parent’s liquidity
sources are held primarily in the form of cash, short-term investments and
publicly traded, investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities. Based upon
an assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding needs, AIG Parent
purchases publicly traded, investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities
that can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase agreements. These
securities allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while reducing the cost
of maintaining sufficient liquidity. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            103 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following table presents the components
of Net Investment Income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Interest and dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,900 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,856 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,246 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
 
   
   Other investment income (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   925 
   
  
     
   
  
   605 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,280 
   
  
 
   
   Total investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,596 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
   528 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
 
   
   Total net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
 


 (a)  Beginning
in the first quarter of 2016, the presentation of income on alternative
investments has been refined to include only income from hedge funds, private
equity funds and affordable housing partnerships. Prior period disclosures have
been reclassified to conform to this presentation. Hedge funds for which
we elected the fair value option are recorded as of the balance sheet date.
Other hedge funds are generally reported on a one-month lag, while private
equity funds are generally reported on a one-quarter lag.  

 (b)  Includes
changes in fair value of certain fixed maturity securities where the fair value
option has been elected and which are used to economically hedge interest rate
and other risks related to our variable annuity guaranteed living benefits. For
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the net investment income
(loss) recorded on these securities was $120 million, $(43) million and $260
million, respectively. 

 Net
investment income in 2016 was marginally higher than 2015 as lower income on
alternative investments and lower reinvestment yields were approximately offset
by an increase in income on life settlements and higher gains on securities for
which the fair value option was elected. 

 Net investment
income decreased for 2015 compared to 2014 due to lower income on alternative
investments, primarily related to hedge fund performance, lower income on
assets for which the fair value option was elected, and lower reinvestment
yields. 

 Attribution of Net Investment Income to Product Lines 

 Net
investment income is attributed to our businesses based on internal models
consistent with the nature of the underlying businesses. 

 For Commercial
Insurance — Liability and Financial Lines, Property and Special Risks and
Consumer Insurance — Personal Insurance, we estimate investable funds based
primarily on loss reserves and unearned premiums. The allocation of net
investment income of the Property Casualty Insurance Companies to modules is
calculated based on these estimated investable funds, consistent with the
approximate duration of the liabilities and the capital allocation for each module. 

 For Consumer
Insurance — Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, and Life Insurance, Other
Operations — Institutional Markets and Legacy Life Insurance Run-Off Lines, net
investment income is attributed based on invested assets from segregated
product line portfolios held in our Life Insurance Companies. All invested
assets of the Life Insurance Companies in excess of liabilities are allocated
based on estimates of required economic capital for each product line. 

 Asset Liability Measurement 

 For
the Property Casualty Insurance Companies, the duration of liabilities for
long-tail casualty lines is greater than that of other lines. As a result, the
investment strategy within the Property Casualty Insurance Companies focuses on
growth of surplus and preservation of capital, subject to liability and other
business considerations. 

 The Property Casualty
Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by
corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies and also invest in
structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and
commercial real estate and commercial mortgage loans. While invested assets
backing reserves of the Property Casualty Insurance Companies are primarily
invested in conventional fixed maturity securities, we have continued to
allocate a portion of our investment activity into asset classes that offer
higher yields, particularly in the domestic operations. In addition, we
continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating rate asset-backed
investments for their risk-return attributes, as well as to manage our exposure
to potential changes in interest rates. This asset diversification has
maintained stable average yields while the overall credit ratings of our fixed
maturity securities were largely unchanged. We expect to continue to pursue
this investment strategy to meet the Property Casualty Insurance Companies’
liquidity, duration and credit quality objectives as well as current risk‑return
and tax objectives. 

 In addition, the
Property Casualty Insurance Companies seek to enhance returns through selective
investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative investments. Although
these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations,
they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity
portfolio yields and have provided added diversification to the broader
portfolio.   

 Fixed maturity
investments of the Property Casualty Insurance Companies domestic operations,
with an average duration of 4.7 years, are currently comprised primarily of
tax-exempt securities, which provide attractive risk-adjusted after-tax
returns, as well as  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              104   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 taxable municipal bonds,
government and agency bonds, and corporate bonds. The majority of these high
quality investments are rated A or higher based on composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity
investments held in the Property Casualty Insurance Companies foreign
operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher based on composite
ratings, with an average duration of 3.5 years. 

 The
investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies is to maximize net
investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity requirements,
capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset‑liability
management and available investment opportunities. 

 The Life Insurance
Companies use asset‑liability management as a primary tool to monitor and
manage risk in their businesses. The Life Insurance Companies' fundamental
investment strategy is to maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of
fixed maturity securities that, to the extent practicable, complements the
characteristics of liabilities, including duration, which is a measure of
sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The investment portfolio of each
product line is tailored to the specific characteristics of its insurance
liabilities, and as a result, certain portfolios are shorter in duration and
others are longer in duration.  An extended low interest rate environment may
result in a lengthening of liability durations from initial estimates, primarily
due to lower lapses, which may require us to further extend the duration of the
investment portfolio.  

 The Life
Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by
corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured
securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial
real estate; and commercial mortgage loans. 

 In addition, the
Life Insurance Companies seek to enhance returns through investments in a
diversified portfolio of alternative investments.  Although
these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations,
they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity
portfolio yields.  While a diversified portfolio of alternative investments
remains a fundamental component of the investment strategy of the Life
Insurance Companies, we intend to reduce the overall size of the hedge fund
portfolio, in light of changing market conditions and perceived market
opportunities, and to continue reducing the size of the private equity portfolio.
 

 Fixed maturity
investments of the Life Insurance Companies domestic operations, with an
average duration of 6.8 years, are comprised primarily of taxable corporate
bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds, and agency and non‑agency
structured securities. The majority of these investments are held in the
available for sale portfolio and are rated investment grade based on its
composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity
investments held in the Life Insurance Companies foreign operations are of high
quality, primarily rated A or higher based on composite ratings, with an
average duration of 21.2 years. 

 NAIC Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities 

 The
Securities Valuation Office (SVO) of the National Association of Insurance
Companies (NAIC) evaluates the investments of U.S. insurers for statutory
reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of six
categories called ‘NAIC Designations.’ In general, NAIC Designations of ‘1’ highest
quality, or ‘2’ high quality, include fixed maturity securities considered
investment grade, while NAIC Designations of ‘3’ through ‘6’ generally include
fixed maturity securities referred to as below investment grade.   The NAIC has adopted revised rating methodologies for
certain structured securities, including non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are
intended to enable a more precise assessment of the value of such structured
securities and increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses to better
determine the appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities. 
These methodologies result in an improved NAIC Designation for such securities
compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. 
The following tables summarize the ratings distribution of U.S.  Insurance Companies  fixed
maturity security portfolio by NAIC Designation, and the distribution by
composite AIG credit rating, which is generally based on ratings of the three
major rating agencies.   See Investments –
Credit Ratings herein for a full description of the composite AIG credit
ratings. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            105 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following
table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio of U.S. Insurance
Companies categorized by NAIC Designation, at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NAIC Designation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,257 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,076 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   147,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,814 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,143 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,492 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159,825 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,723 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,817 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   146,024 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,032 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   216,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,058 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,259 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,516 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,753 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   231,642 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes
$23.9 billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is
available because they are held in legal entities within U.S. Insurance
Companies that do not require a statutory filing. 

 The following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio
of U.S. Insurance Companies categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair
value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   CCC
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Composite AIG Credit Rating 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA/AA/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   BB 
   
  
     
   
  
   B 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lower 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66,364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   147,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,151 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,334 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,890 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159,825 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,182 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,958 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,485 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,817 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124,347 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,546 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,594 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,265 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,890 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,749 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   231,642 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes
$23.9 billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is
available because they are held in legal entities within U.S. Insurance
Companies that do not require a statutory filing. 

 Credit
Ratings 

 At
December 31, 2016, approximately 92 percent of our fixed maturity securities
were held by our domestic entities. Approximately 17 percent of these
securities were rated AAA by one or more of the principal rating agencies, and
approximately 17 percent were rated below investment grade or not rated.
Our investment decision process relies primarily on internally generated
fundamental analysis and internal risk ratings. Third-party rating services’
ratings and opinions provide one source of independent perspective for
consideration in the internal analysis. 

 Moody’s
Investors’ Service Inc. (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s Financial Services
LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. (S&P), or similar foreign rating
services rate a significant portion of our foreign entities’ fixed maturity
securities portfolio. Rating services are not available for some foreign-issued
securities. Our Credit Risk Management department closely reviews the credit
quality of the foreign portfolio’s non-rated fixed maturity securities. At
December 31, 2016, approximately 19 percent of such investments were either
rated AAA or, on the basis of our internal analysis, were equivalent from a
credit standpoint to securities rated AAA, and approximately 8 percent were
below investment grade or not rated. Approximately 36 percent of the
foreign entities’ fixed maturity securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign
fixed maturity securities supporting policy liabilities in the country of
issuance. 

 Composite AIG Credit Ratings 

 With
respect to our fixed maturity investments, the credit ratings in the table
below and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a composite of the ratings of
the three major rating agencies, or when agency ratings are not available, the
rating assigned by the NAIC SVO (over 99 percent of total fixed maturity investments),
or (b) our equivalent internal ratings when these investments have not
been rated by any of the major rating agencies or the NAIC.  The
“Non-rated” category in those tables consists of fixed maturity securities that
have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies, the NAIC or us.  

 See Enterprise
Risk Management herein for a discussion of credit risks associated with
Investments. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              106   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following table presents the composite
AIG credit ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of
their fair value:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Available for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,496 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,647 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,344 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33,897 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,551 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,619 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50,741 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,781 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47,231 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,522 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,700 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71,766 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,776 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71,952 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,832 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,305 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,849 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,438 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   890 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   890 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   183,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   178,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188,879 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,593 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,138 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,114 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,003 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   714 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,828 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,711 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,504 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,462 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,811 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,878 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,996 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,394 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,299 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,891 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,838 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,638 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,790 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,628 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,409 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,148 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,634 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,761 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40,347 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   964 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40,725 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,262 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,123 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58,203 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,919 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,042 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60,400 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,696 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,160 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   683 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74,075 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,843 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,670 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33,943 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,807 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,904 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,477 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,847 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   903 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   936 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,041 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   265,027 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Available‑for‑Sale Investments 

 The
following table presents the fair value of our available‑for‑sale
securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government
  and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations
  of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,195 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed,
  asset-backed and collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,097 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available for sale * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            107 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 
  
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   243,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,160 
   
  
 


 *    At
December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of bonds available for sale held by
us that were below investment grade or not rated totaled $33.6 billion and
$34.9 billion, respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value
of our aggregate credit exposures to non-U.S. governments for our fixed
maturity securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Japan * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,416 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   815 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
 
   
   Mexico 
   
  
     
   
  
   637 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
 
   
   Indonesia 
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
   Chile 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,417 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,876 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,245 
   
  
 


 *   Decrease at December 31, 2016 is
attributable to reclassification of AIG Fuji Life to Held for Sale. 

 The following table presents the fair value of our aggregate
European credit exposures by major sector for our fixed maturity securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sovereign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Institution 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporates 
   
  
     
   
  
   Products 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Euro-Zone countries: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,086 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,788 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,018 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,365 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
     
   
  
   778 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,404 
   
  
 
   
   Ireland 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   734 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,274 
   
  
 
   
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   858 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   855 
   
  
 
   
   Spain 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   855 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   918 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
 
   
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   732 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
 
   
   Luxembourg 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   430 
   
  
     
   
  
   496 
   
  
 
   
   Finland 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   198 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
 
   
   Austria 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
 
   
   Other - EuroZone 
   
  
     
   
  
   831 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   929 
   
  
 
   
   Total Euro-Zone 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,338 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,963 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   908 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,598 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
 
   
   Remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   815 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,762 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,789 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,293 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,286 
   
  
 
   
   Switzerland 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,519 
   
  
 
   
   Sweden 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   691 
   
  
     
   
  
   827 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   582 
   
  
     
   
  
   688 
   
  
 
   
   Russian Federation 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
   Other - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   443 
   
  
 
   
   Total - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,789 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,380 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,885 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,912 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,690 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              108   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments in Municipal Bonds 

 At  December 31, 2016,  the
U.S. municipal bond portfolio was composed primarily of essential service
revenue bonds and high-quality tax-backed bonds with over 95 percent of the
portfolio rated A or higher. 

 The following table presents the fair values of our available for
sale U.S. municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond type: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   State 
   
  
     
   
  
   Local 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Fair Value 
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   597 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,170 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,613 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
     
   
  
   683 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,471 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,841 
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   275 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,415 
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   710 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   686 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,387 
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   918 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,486 
   
  
 
   
   Washington 
   
  
     
   
  
   407 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,359 
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
   878 
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
     
   
  
   676 
   
  
 
   
   Washington DC 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   705 
   
  
 
   
   Arizona 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   442 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
 
   
   All other states (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   896 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,182 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,851 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b)(c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,003 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,605 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,164 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
 


 (a)  We
did not have material credit exposure to the government of Puerto Rico. 

 (b)  Excludes
certain university and not-for-profit entities that issue their bonds in the
corporate debt market. Includes industrial revenue bonds. 

 (c)  Includes
$1.7 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds. 

 Investments in Corporate Debt Securities 

 The following table presents the industry categories of our
available for sale corporate debt securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry Category 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial institutions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Money Center /Global Bank Groups 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,892 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,104 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — other 
   
  
     
   
  
   606 
   
  
     
   
  
   568 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,295 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Securities firms and other finance
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Insurance non-life 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,213 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,421 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — North America 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,823 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other financial institutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,435 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,808 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,938 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,497 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Communications 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,251 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer noncyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,338 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,391 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital goods 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,973 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Energy 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,861 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer cyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,767 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,582 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,512 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,337 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    At
both December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately 91 percent of these
investments were rated investment grade. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            109 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Our investments in the energy category, as a percentage of
total investments in available-for-sale fixed maturities, were 5.6 percent at
both December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. While the energy investments
are primarily investment grade and are actively managed, the category continues
to experience volatility that could adversely affect credit quality and fair
value. 

 Investments in RMBS 

 The following table presents AIG’s RMBS available for sale
investments by year of vintage: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,464 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   943 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,096 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,178 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,944 
   
  
 
   
   2011 and
  prior * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,736 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,651 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,025 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   825 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,877 
   
  
 
   
   2011 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,555 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,854 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,551 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,831 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,387 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,831 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,905 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,376 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,905 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,376 
   
  
 
   
   Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   738 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
 
   
   2011 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,589 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,650 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   819 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
approximately $12.9 billion and $13.2 billion at December 31, 2016, and
December 31, 2015, respectively, of certain RMBS that had experienced
deterioration in credit quality since their origination.  See Note 6 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on Purchased Credit
Impaired (PCI) Securities. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              110   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following
table presents our RMBS available for sale investments by credit rating: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,884 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   812 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,779 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
 
   
   Agency RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,850 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,547 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,854 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,551 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,472 
   
  
 
   
   Total Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,387 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,831 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,846 
   
  
 
   
   Total Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,905 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,376 
   
  
 
   
   Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,986 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,124 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,650 
   
  
 
   
   Total Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   819 
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
certain RMBS that had experienced deterioration in credit quality since their
origination. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
discussion on PCI Securities. 

 (b)  The
weighted average expected life was six years at both December 31, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. 

 Our
underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other asset‑backed
securities and CDOs take into consideration the quality of the originator, the
manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying characteristics of the
mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of credit enhancement in the
transaction. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            111 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Investments in
CMBS 

 The following table presents our CMBS available for sale
investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS (traditional) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,132 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,622 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   817 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the fair value of our CMBS available
for sale investments by rating agency designation and by vintage year: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total  
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,420 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   156 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,972 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,357 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,858 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   399 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,017 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
 
   
   2011 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   452 
   
  
     
   
  
   591 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
   947 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,273 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,292 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,933 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,798 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,187 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
 
   
   2011 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
     
   
  
   666 
   
  
     
   
  
   759 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,732 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,805 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,262 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              112   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following
table presents our CMBS available for sale investments by geographic region: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Geographic region: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,479 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,149 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
     
   
  
   434 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   323 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Maryland 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   All Other * 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,547 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    Includes
Non-U.S. locations. 

 The following table presents our CMBS available for sale
investments by industry:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Office 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,390 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,896 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retail 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,978 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Multi-family * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,083 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Lodging 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,017 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,005 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   971 
   
  
     
   
  
   868 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   957 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    Includes
Agency-backed CMBS. 

 The
fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable throughout 2016. The majority of
our investments in CMBS are in tranches that contain substantial protection
features through collateral subordination. The majority of CMBS holdings are
traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified across property types and
geographical areas. 

 Investments in CDOs 

 The following table presents our CDO available for sale investments
by collateral type:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Collateral Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bank loans (CLO) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,548 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,962 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,115 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            113 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following
table presents our CDO available for sale investments by credit rating: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,805 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,543 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,247 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,115 
   
  
 


 Commercial Mortgage Loans 

 At
December 31, 2016, we had direct commercial mortgage loan exposure of
$25.0 billion, of which 100 percent of the loans were current.   

 The following table presents the commercial mortgage loan exposure
by location and class of loan based on amortized cost: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,527 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   534 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   215 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,015 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   761 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,925 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   857 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,515 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   340 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   993 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   578 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   549 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Connecticut 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   513 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   481 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,458 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,770 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,197 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,589 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   823 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   516 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   186 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,960 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   324 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   956 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   617 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Connecticut 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,118 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,073 
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,074 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,919 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,845 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,067 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Does
not reflect allowance for credit losses. 

   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              114   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional discussion on commercial mortgage loans. 

 Impairments 

 The following table presents impairments by investment type: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary Impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities, available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   480 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities, available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity funds and hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   Other impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
      Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   582 
   
  
 


 Our
investments in life settlements are monitored for impairment on a
contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life settlements is
considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting from the expected
proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated future carrying
amount. This amount is defined as the current carrying amount for the
investment in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums
and other capitalizable future costs, if any. Impaired investments in life
settlements are written down to their estimated fair value. This is determined
on a discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality
assumptions and market yields. 

 Impairments on
Life Settlements in 2016 were partially attributable to an increase in policy
premiums required to keep policies in force which resulted in lower future expected
net cash flows which were insufficient to recover our net investment on certain
policies. 

 Impairments on
Life Settlements in 2015 were partially attributable to an increase in policy
premiums required to keep policies in force which resulted in lower future
expected net cash flows which were insufficient to recover our net investment
on certain policies as well as our adoption of the Society of Actuaries 2015
Valuation Basic Table (VBT) as the market mortality assumption used to measure
the fair value of impaired policy. 

 Other-Than-Temporary Impairments 

 To
determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use fundamental credit analyses
of individual securities without regard to rating agency ratings. Based on this
analysis, we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to cover the amortized
cost of all below investment grade securities for which credit impairments were
not recognized. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            115 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following tables present
other-than-temporary impairment charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity securities,
equity securities, private equity funds and hedge funds. 

 Other-than-temporary impairment charges by investment type and
impairment type:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For
  the Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment
  Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific
  credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse
  projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   278 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   559 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment
  Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific
  credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse
  projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment
  Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific
  credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse
  projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
other-than-temporary impairment charges on private equity funds, hedge funds
and direct private equity investments. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              116   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Other-than-temporary impairment charges by
investment type and credit rating:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For
  the Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   278 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   559 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 


 *    Includes other-than-temporary impairment
charges on private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity
investments. 

 We recorded
other-than-temporary impairment charges in the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014 related to: 

 •       issuer-specific
credit events;  

 •       securities
that we intend to sell or for which it is more likely than not that we will be
required to sell; 

 •       declines
due to foreign exchange rates;  

 •       adverse
changes in estimated cash flows on certain structured securities; and 

 •       securities
that experienced severe market valuation declines. 

 In addition, impairments are recorded on real
estate and investments in life settlements. 

 In periods subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary
impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity securities that is not
foreign-exchange related, we generally prospectively accrete into earnings the
difference between the new amortized cost and the expected undiscounted recoverable
value over the remaining life of the security. The accretion that was
recognized for these securities in earnings was $767 million in 2016, $735
million in 2015 and $725 million in 2014. See Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for a discussion of our other-than-temporary impairment
accounting policy. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            117 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 The following table shows
the aging of the pre-tax unrealized losses of fixed maturity and equity
securities, the extent to which the fair value is less than amortized cost or
cost, and the number of respective items in each category: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
   Less Than or Equal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 20% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 50% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   to 20% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to 50% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total  
   
  
 
   
   Aging (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars
  in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss (d)  
   
  
   Items (e)  
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,562 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,726 
   
  
   7,610 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,573 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,728 
   
  
   7,616 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
   229 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,595 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
   847 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,508 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,185 
   
  
   8,627 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   704 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   213 
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   62,231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,409 
   
  
   8,692 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   grade bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,462 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   1,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,473 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   955 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
   179 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
   883 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   474 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,887 
   
  
     
   
  
   573 
   
  
   948 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   524 
   
  
   2,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   545 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,387 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   716 
   
  
   2,533 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,024 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,799 
   
  
   8,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,046 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,807 
   
  
   9,022 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
   399 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
   408 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,276 
   
  
     
   
  
   813 
   
  
   1,671 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
   1,795 
   
  
 
   
   Total (e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,709 
   
  
   11,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,249 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   381 
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,618 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,125 
   
  
   11,225 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-11 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   113 
   
  
 


 (a)  Represents
the number of consecutive months that fair value has been less than cost by any
amount. 

 (b)  Represents
the percentage by which fair value is less than cost at December 31, 2016. 

 (c)  For
bonds, represents amortized cost. 

 (d)  The
effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes will be mitigated upon
realization because certain realized losses will result in current decreases in
the amortization of certain DAC. 

 (e)  Item
count is by CUSIP by subsidiary. 

 Change in Unrealized Gains and Losses on Investments  

 The
change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2016 was primarily
attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For
2016, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity securities
increased by $0.9 billion due primarily to a narrowing of credit spreads, which
more than offset the rise in rates. 

 The change in
net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2015 was primarily
attributable to decreases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For
2015, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity and equity securities
decreased by $10.2 billion due primarily to the rise in rates, widening of
credit spreads, and the sale of equity securities. 

 See also Note 6,
Investments to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of
our investment portfolio. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              118   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Investments 

   

   


 
 Net Realized
Capital Gains and Losses 

 The following table presents the components of Net realized
capital gains (losses): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   94 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   585 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   598 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives and hedge accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   (944) 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments on investments in life
  settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (540) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
 
   
   Other (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   776 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   739 
   
  
 


 (a)  In 2016
and 2015 includes realized gains on the sale of a portion of our holdings in  People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and
PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively, our PICC
Investment) . 

 ( b)  In 2016, primarily includes $107
million of realized gains due to a purchase price adjustment on the sale of
Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. and losses of $253 million from
the sale of a portion of our Life Settlements portfolio. In 2015, primarily
includes $357 million of realized gains due to the sale of common shares of
SpringLeaf Holdings (now known as OneMain Holdings, Inc.), $428 million of
realized gains due to the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc.
and $463 million of realized losses due to the sale of ordinary shares of
AerCap . 

 Net
realized capital losses in 2016 were primarily related to foreign exchange
losses, derivative losses, and impairments, which were higher than the gain
recognized on the sale of a portion of our PICC Investment.  

 Foreign exchange
gains (losses) were primarily due to $910 million of remeasurement losses
in 2016 for a short term intercompany balance that was matched with
available for sale investments in fixed maturity securities denominated in the
same foreign currencies. Unrealized gains and losses on the available for sale
investments were recorded in other comprehensive income resulting in an
immaterial impact on our overall equity or book value per share from this
arrangement.  

 Derivative and
hedge accounting losses were primarily a result of the fair value changes in
derivative instruments used to economically hedge market risk from variable
annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB), which were
adversely impacted by rising interest rates and equity market performance late
in the fourth quarter of 2016. See Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance
Companies Key Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging
Program for additional discussion of market risk management related to these
product features and Insurance Reserves – Life and  Annuity Reserves and DAC  –
Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results for more information
on the economic hedging target and the impact to pre-tax income of this
program. 

 Net realized
capital gains in 2015 were primarily driven by foreign exchange gains which
included $243 million of gains in 2015, related to the intercompany notional
cash pooling arrangement, discussed above and net gains on the sales of various
securities such as the Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc., common
shares of OneMain Holdings and sales of our PICC Investment. These realized
gains were partially offset by realized losses related to the sale of ordinary
shares of AerCap.  

 Net realized
capital gains in 2014 were primarily driven by capital gains from sales of
investments related to capital loss carryforward utilization and fair value
losses on embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guarantee features,
net of hedges.  

 See also Note 6
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our
investment portfolio. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            119 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Insurance Reserves 

 


 Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses (Loss Reserves) 

 The following table presents the components of our gross and net loss
reserves by segment and major lines of business (a)(b) : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net
  liability for 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   Gross
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  liability 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   Gross
  liability 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   unpaid
  losses 
   
  
   recoverable
  on 
   
  
    for
  unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  unpaid 
   
  
   recoverable
  on 
   
  
    for
  unpaid 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   and
  loss 
   
  
   unpaid
  losses and 
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
   unpaid
  losses and 
   
  
   losses
  and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
   loss
  adjustment 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
   expenses 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability and Financial Lines: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (net of discount) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,486 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,879 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,462 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,391 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,864 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,685 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,955 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,238 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,297 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,721 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,900 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,657 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   986 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,066 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,512 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,545 
   
  
 
   
   Total Liability and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,949 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,303 
   
  
 
   
   Property and Special Risks: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. and Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,509 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,811 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,139 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,675 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,179 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   326 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,510 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,293 
   
  
 
   
   Total Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,668 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,937 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,596 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Personal Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Europe and Japan 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,702 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   744 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   928 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   765 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,400 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,965 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,714 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-off Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and Casualty Insurance Lines: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Long Tail Insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (net of discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,679 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,224 
   
  
 
   
   Other run-off product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjusted expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   461 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
 
   
   Total Legacy Portfolio - Run-off
  Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and Casualty Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,839 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,326 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,993 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,847 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,545 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,532 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes $1.7 billion
and $1.8 billion of asbestos reinsurance recoverable under a retroactive
reinsurance agreement at December 31, 2016, and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

 (b) Includes loss
reserve discount of $3.6 billion and $3.1 billion for the years ended December
31, 2016, and 2015, respectively.  See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for discussion of loss reserve discount.  


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  120   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 PRIOR YEAR DEVELOPMENT 

 The following table summarizes incurred (favorable) unfavorable
prior year development net of reinsurance by segment and major lines of
business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability and Financial Lines: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   234 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,563 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   754 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   502 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Liability and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,352 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   716 
   
  
 
   
   Property and Special Risks: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. and Europe  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (131) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (213) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,577 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,293 
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S., Europe and Japan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Property and
  Casualty Run-off Insurance Lines: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Long tail insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   893 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Total Legacy Portfolio - Property and
  Casualty Run off Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Lines  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   913 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable
  development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premium adjustments on U.S. loss
  sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year development, net of
  premium adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   598 
   
  
 


 Net Loss Development 

 As discussed more fully below, in 2016, we
recognized adverse prior year loss reserve development of $5.8 billion,
primarily as a result of the following: 

 •       Higher
than expected losses emerging across several casualty classes, especially in
the recent accident years (generally, 2011 to 2015) driven by increased
frequency and severity of claims. This recent accident year loss emergence
caused us to increase loss development factors applied across many accident
years. 

 •       Loss
development factors including workers compensation tail factors, also increased
due to an observed lengthening of loss reporting patterns relative to prior
expectations.  

 •       Increases
in loss trend assumptions to reflect the latest observed increases in frequency
and severity and the impact of these increased loss trends on expected loss
ratios.   

 •       Changes
in weights we apply to the various actuarial methods to better align with
updated trends. 

 As discussed above, we observed higher than
expected loss emergence in several casualty classes as follows: 

 •       U.S.
Workers’ Compensation 9 percent greater than expected 

 •       U.S.
Excess Casualty 22 percent greater than expected 

 •       U.S.
Other Casualty – Primary general liability 21 percent greater than expected 

 •       U.S.
Other Casualty – Primary Commercial Auto Liability 14 percent greater than
expected  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            121 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 •     
 U.S. Other Casualty – Medical Malpractice 16 percent greater than
expected 

 Our analyses and conclusions about prior year reserves also
help inform our judgments about the current accident year loss and loss
adjustment expense ratios we select.  In 2016, we increased our selections in
the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter. The effect of these
increases on year-to-date premiums resulted in a $700 million increase in net
losses incurred. 

 In the tables below, we present prior year development in
accident year groupings of 2005 and prior, 2006 – 2010 and 2011 – 2015. The
grouping 2005 and prior represents the period ending with the 2005 restatement
of our consolidated financial statements. The period 2006 – 2010 includes the
years leading up to and immediately following the financial crisis. The period
in 2011 – 2015 includes the periods during which we completed the recapitalization
of AIG and began exiting U.S. Government ownership which was completed in 2012. 

 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
further details of prior year development by line of business.   See also
Critical Accounting Estimates for a discussion of actuarial methods employed
for major classes of business. 

 The following graphs summarize incurred (favorable) or unfavorable
prior year development net of reinsurance, by accident year groupings (in
millions): 

   

 
  
   
   
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  122   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 
  
   
   
   
  
 


   

   

 
  
   
   
   
  
 


    


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            123 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Net Loss Development by
Accident Years 

 For 2016, the adverse prior year development was
primarily driven by: 

 •       Accident years 2011 to 2015  –
adverse development of $3.1 billion were primarily driven by U.S. Other
Casualty (commercial automobile liability, general liability and medical
malpractice), U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Workers’ Compensation, and U.S. Special
Risks programs business.  As discussed more fully in Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements these lines experienced adverse actual versus
expected loss activity and higher loss trends, and we responded by increasing
our expected loss development tail factors.  

 •       Accident years 2006 to 2010  –
adverse development of $1.4 billion were driven by increases in large losses in
U.S. Financial Lines and increases in U.S. Workers’ Compensation loss
development factors.   

 •       Accident years 2005 and prior  –
adverse development of $1.3 billion was driven by increased loss development
factors in U.S. Workers’ Compensation and U.S. Other Casualty general
liability.    

 For 2015, the adverse prior year development was
primarily driven by: 

 •       Accident years 2011 to 2014  –
adverse development of $1.6 billion was driven by significantly higher actual
versus expected loss emergence.  We responded by increasing expected loss
ratios for U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Other Casualty, International Liability
and Financial Lines and U.S. Workers’ Compensation. In addition, our updated
assumptions for bad-faith claims and unallocated loss adjustment expenses
disproportionately impacted these years.   

 •       Accident years 2006 to 2010  –
adverse development of $846 million were largely impacted by updated loss
development selections in U.S. Financial Lines and revised estimates on
expected future recoveries from risk-sharing policies in the U.S. Workers’
Compensation business.   

 •       Accident years 2005 and prior  –
adverse development of $1.7 billion was driven by U.S. Excess Casualty revised
tail factor selections, updated loss development selections for various U.S.
Run-off Casualty Insurance Lines, including updated industry experience for
asbestos and revised estimates on expected future recoveries from risk-sharing
policies. 

 For 2014, the adverse prior year development was
primarily driven by: 

 •       Accident years 2011 to 2013  –
favorable development of $305 million were driven by U.S. Financial Lines, U.S.
Property and Special Risks and U.S., Europe and Japan Personal Insurance. 
 

 •       Accident years 2006 to 2010  –
adverse development of $2 million were driven by U.S. Financial lines and U.S.
Excess Casualty. 

 •       Accident years 2005 and prior  –
adverse development of $1.0 billion was driven by the U.S. Excess Casualty
results of the mass-tort segmentation analysis, the updated U.S. Workers’
Compensation development selections (principally in California, New York and
the excess of deductible segments) as well as the U.S. Run-Off Casualty
Insurance Lines pollution products business (1987-2004) and the asbestos and environmental
(1986 and prior) exposure. 

 For certain categories of claims (e.g.,
construction defect claims and environmental claims) and for reinsurance
recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified to an earlier or later
accident year as more information about the date of occurrence becomes
available to us. These reclassifications are shown as development in the
respective years in the tables above.  This may affect the comparability of the
data presented in our tables. 

 Significant New Reinsurance Agreements 

 Effective January 1, 2016, we entered into a two-year
reinsurance arrangement with the Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd, under which we
ceded a proportional share of our new and renewal U.S. Casualty portfolio in
order to reduce the concentration of casualty business in our portfolio. 

 On January 20,
2017, we entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement with NICO, a
subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., under which we transferred to NICO 80
percent of the reserve risk on substantially all of our U.S. Commercial
long-tail exposures for accident years 2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we
ceded to NICO 80 percent of the paid losses on subject business paid on or
after January 1, 2016 in excess of $25 billion of net paid losses, up to an
aggregate limit of $25 billion.  At NICO’s 80 percent share, NICO’s limit of
liability under the contract is $20 billion.  We will account for this
transaction as retroactive reinsurance. The consideration for this agreement is
$9.8 billion plus interest at 4 percent per annum from January 1,
2016 to date of payment, which was paid in full as of February 17, 2017. The
consideration paid to NICO will be placed into a collateral trust account as
security for NICO’s claim payment obligations, and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has
provided a parental guarantee to secure the obligations of NICO under the
agreement. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  124   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following
table calculates the amount of the deferred gain expected to be recorded in the
first quarter of 2017, on a nominal and net basis and showing the effect of
discounting of loss reserves, using the reserve position of December 31, 2016. 
The stated effective date of the agreement is January 1, 2016, and therefore
losses paid on subject business during 2016 are included in the calculation. 
The deferred gain will be amortized over the settlement period of the reinsured
losses.  

 
  
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Nominal 
   
  
     
   
  
   Discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Subject reserve, December 31, 2016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33.5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2.0) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31.5 
   
  
 
   
   Subject losses paid in 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.5 
   
  
 
   
   Total subject losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.0 
   
  
 
   
   Subject losses below the attachment point 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.9 
   
  
 
   
   Total subject losses above attachment
  point 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.1 
   
  
 
   
   Ceded reserves, December 31, 2016, at 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.3 
   
  
 
   
   Consideration, including accrued interest
  through closing 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.2 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax gain at inception, deferred 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
 


 The
lines of business subject to this agreement have been the source of
substantially all of the prior year adverse development charges over the past
several years. The agreement is expected to result in lower capital charges for
reserve risks at our U.S. insurance subsidiaries.  Under U.S. GAAP, any
potential future prior year development would be recognized immediately as losses
are incurred; however, the related recoveries under the reinsurance agreement
would be deferred and recognized over the expected recovery period.  In
addition, we would expect future net investment income to decline as a result
of lower invested assets. 

 See Item 7.
MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Insurance Operations
Risks – Property Casualty Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks –
Reinsurance Recoverable for a summary of significant reinsurers. 

 LIFE AND ANNUITY reserves and dac 

 The
following section provides discussion of life and annuity reserves and deferred
policy acquisition costs. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions 

 The
Life Insurance Companies review and update estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items for investment-oriented products at
least annually. Estimated gross profit assumptions include net investment
income and spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender
charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses. If the assumptions used for
estimated gross profits change significantly, DAC and related reserves (which
may include VOBA, SIA, guaranteed benefit reserves and unearned revenue
reserves) are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting
adjustment is included in income. Updating such assumptions may result in
acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization
in other products. The update of actuarial assumptions in 2016, 2015 and 2014
also included adjustments to reserves for universal life with secondary
guarantees. 

 The update of
actuarial assumptions in 2016, 2015 and 2014 included adjustments for products
now reported in the Legacy Portfolio, primarily loss recognition expense
related to pre-2010 payout annuities and certain long-term care products.
Assumptions related to investment yields, mortality experience and expenses for
long-duration traditional products are reviewed periodically and updated as
appropriate, which could result in additional loss recognition reserves .  

 The
update of actuarial assumptions in 2016, 2015 and 2014 included adjustments to
the valuation of variable annuity GMWB features that are accounted for as
embedded derivatives and measured at fair value, which are primarily in
Variable Annuities and Group Retirement products. Changes in the fair value of
such embedded derivatives are recorded in net realized capital gains (losses)
and, together with related DAC adjustments and fair value changes in the GMWB
hedging portfolio, are excluded from pre-tax operating income. See Note 5 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the measurement
of fair value for GMWB embedded derivatives, and Variable Annuity Guaranteed
Benefit and Hedging Results for additional discussion of the assumption updates
for variable annuity GMWB. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            125 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following
table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating income resulting
from the update of actuarial assumptions for the domestic life insurance companies,
by segment and product line: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual Retirement: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total Individual Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   (614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in pre-tax
  operating income from update of assumptions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (384) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   129 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax
income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions in the domestic life insurance
companies, by line item as reported in Results of Operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (720) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (384) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   Change in DAC related to net realized
  capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
 


 In
2016,  pre-tax operating income included a net
negative adjustment of $384 million, primarily driven by $622 million of loss
recognition reserves for pre-2010 payout annuities in the Legacy Portfolio, and
an increase in Life Insurance reserves for universal life with secondary
guarantees. These negative adjustments were partially offset by positive
adjustments, primarily lower surrender assumptions in Fixed Annuities.  

 In 2015,
pre-tax operating income in the aggregate was reduced by $6 million as a result
of the update of actuarial assumptions. This aggregate net adjustment of $6
million included a net negative adjustment of $118 million in Life Insurance,
which was offset in large part by net positive adjustments of $92 million in
Fixed Annuities and $48 million in Group Retirement.  

 In 2014,
pre-tax operating income in the aggregate was increased by $129 million as a
result of the update of assumptions, primarily due to net positive adjustments
related to investment spread assumptions in the Fixed Annuities and Group
Retirement businesses, partially offset by loss recognition for long-term care
business in the Legacy Portfolio and additions to reserves for universal life
with secondary guarantees in Life Insurance. 

 The
adjustments related to the update of actuarial assumptions in each period are
discussed by business module  below. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Business Module 

 Individual Retirement 

 The
update of actuarial assumptions resulted in net positive adjustments to pre-tax
operating income of Individual Retirement of $369 million, $92 million and $200
million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 In Fixed
Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net
positive adjustment of $330 million in 2016, which reflected lower surrender
assumptions, primarily due to lower long-term interest rates, as well as
updates to investment yield and crediting rate assumptions compared to those
previously modeled. In 2015, the  update of
estimated gross profit assumptions in Fixed Annuities resulted in a net
positive adjustment of $92 million, which reflected refinements to investment
spread assumptions, lower terminations than previously assumed and decreases to
expense assumptions. In 2014, a net positive adjustment of $196 million in
Fixed Annuities was primarily due to better spreads than previously assumed. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  126   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 In Variable  and Index
Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net
positive adjustment of $39 million in 2016, primarily due to favorable updates
to assumptions for long-term volatility, surrenders, mortality and policy
expenses, partially offset by a decrease in the separate account long-term asset
growth rate assumption from 8.5 percent to 7.5 percent (before expenses that
reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected). The net positive
adjustment in 2016 included a net negative adjustment of approximately $24
million in connection with the conversion to a more robust modeling platform
for variable annuities, primarily due to refinements to assumptions for
guaranteed minimum interest rates and investment fees, partially offset by the
impact of other refinements identified during the conversion. In 2015, there
were offsetting updates to assumed investment fees, modeled expenses, and
terminations, resulting in no net adjustment to pre-tax operating income in
Variable and Index Annuities compared to a $4 million net positive adjustment
in 2014, which reflected the update of estimated gross profit assumptions . 

 Group Retirement 

 In
Group Retirement, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in
a net negative adjustment of $47 million in 2016, primarily due to refinements
in surrender and partial withdrawal assumptions and a decrease in the separate
account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 8.5 percent to 7.5 percent
(before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected). In 2015, a net positive adjustment from the update of estimated
gross profit assumptions of $48 million in Group Retirement was primarily due
to revisions to mortality and surrender assumptions, partially offset by
decreased spread assumptions.  In 2014, a net
positive adjustment of $46 million in Group Retirement was primarily due to
more favorable assumptions for investment spreads and surrenders than
previously assumed. 

 Life Insurance 

 In
Life Insurance,  the update of actuarial
assumptions resulted in a net negative adjustment of $92 million in 2016.  This adjustment was primarily due to refinement to reserves
for universal life insurance with secondary guarantees due to lower assumed
surrender rates. The update to Life Insurance assumptions also included lower
yield and interest credited assumptions. 

 In 2015,
the net negative adjustment of $118 million related to the update of actuarial
assumptions in Life Insurance was primarily due to lower assumed surrender
rates for certain later-duration universal life with secondary guarantees. The
net negative adjustment also reflected lower investment spread assumptions,
partially offset by more favorable than expected mortality.  

 A net
negative adjustment of $32 million in Life Insurance in 2014 was primarily due
to additions to reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees, as a
result of lower investment spread and mortality assumptions which, while higher
than previously assumed, were still within pricing assumptions. 

 Legacy Portfolio 

 The  update of actuarial assumptions resulted in $622 million of
loss recognition expense in 2016 on payout annuities in the Legacy Life
Insurance Run-Off Lines. The loss recognition reflected the establishment of
additional reserves primarily as a result of mortality experience studies,
which indicated increased longevity, particularly on injured lives on a block
of structured settlements underwritten prior to 2010. The mortality assumption
update did not impact reserves for structured settlements and terminal funding
annuities written after April 2012, which are in the Institutional Markets
business. 

 Legacy
Life Insurance Run-Off Lines recorded loss recognition expense of $28 million
and $87 million to increase reserves for certain long-term care business in
2015 and 2014, respectively, which reduced pre-tax operating income in those
periods. The loss recognition for both periods was primarily a result of lower
future premium increase assumptions and, in 2014, lower yield assumptions.  

 Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results 

 Our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement businesses offer
variable annuity products with GMWB riders that provide guaranteed living
benefit features. The liabilities for GMWB are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
may fluctuate significantly based on market interest rates, equity prices,
credit spreads and market volatility. 

 In
addition to risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we
have an economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from GMWB,
including exposures to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads
and volatilities. The hedging program utilizes derivative instruments,
including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts and interest
rate swap and swaption contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities with a
fair value election. See Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies
Key Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program for
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            127 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Differences in Valuation of
Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target 

 The variable annuity
hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents an estimate
of the underlying economic risks in our GMWB riders. The economic hedge target
differs from the U.S. GAAP valuation of the GMWB embedded derivatives due to
the following: 

 •       The
economic hedge target includes 100 percent of rider fees in present value
calculations; the U.S. GAAP valuation reflects only those fees attributed to
the embedded derivative such that the initial value at contract issue equals
zero; 

 •       The
economic hedge target uses best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes
explicit risk margins used for U.S. GAAP valuation, such as margins for
policyholder behavior, mortality, and volatility; and 

 •       The
economic hedge target excludes the non-performance or “own credit” risk
adjustment (NPA) used in the U.S. GAAP valuation, which reflects a market
participant’s view of our claims-paying ability by incorporating an additional
spread (the NPA spread) to the swap curve used to discount projected benefit
cash flows. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more
information on our valuation methodology for embedded derivatives within
policyholder contract deposits. Because the discount rate includes the NPA
spread and other explicit risk margins, the U.S. GAAP valuation is generally less
sensitive to movements in interest rates and other market factors, and to
changes from actuarial assumption updates, than the economic hedge target. 

 The market value of
the hedge portfolio compared to the economic hedge target at any point in time
may be different and is not expected to be fully offsetting. In addition to the
derivatives held in conjunction with the variable annuity hedging program, the
Life Insurance Companies have cash and invested assets available to cover
future claims payable under these guarantees.  The primary sources of
difference between the change in the fair value of the hedging portfolio and
the economic hedge target include: 

 •       Basis
risk due to the variance between expected and actual fund returns, which may be
either positive or negative; 

 •       Realized
volatility versus implied volatility;  

 •       Actual
versus expected changes in the hedge target driven by assumptions not subject
to hedging, particularly policyholder behavior; and 

 •       Risk
exposures that we have elected not to explicitly or fully hedge. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation between
the fair value of the U.S. GAAP embedded derivatives and the value of our
economic hedge target: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciliation
  of embedded derivatives and economic hedge target: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded
  derivative liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,777 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,234 
   
  
 
   
   Exclude
  non-performance risk adjustment (NPA) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,153) 
   
  
 
   
   Embedded
  derivative liability, excluding NPA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,387 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments
  for risk margins and differences in valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,251) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,449) 
   
  
 
   
   Economic
  hedge target liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,674 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,938 
   
  
 


 Impact on Pre-tax Income (Loss) 

 The
impact on our pre-tax income (loss) of the variable annuity guaranteed living
benefits and related hedging results include changes in the fair value of the
GMWB embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair value of related derivative
hedging instruments, both of which are recorded in Other realized capital gains
(losses). Realized capital gains (losses), as well as net investment income
from changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities used in the hedging
program, are excluded from pre-tax operating income of Individual Retirement
and Group Retirement. 

 The change in
the fair value of the embedded derivatives and the change in the value of the
hedging portfolio are not expected to be fully offsetting, primarily due to the
differences in valuation between the economic hedge target, the U.S. GAAP
embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair value of the hedging portfolio,
as discussed above. When corporate credit spreads widen, the change in the NPA
spread generally reduces the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities,
resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit spreads narrow or tighten, the
change in the NPA spread generally increases the fair value of the embedded
derivative liabilities, resulting in a loss. In addition to changes driven by
credit market-related movements in the NPA spread, the NPA balance also
reflects changes in business activity and in the net amount at risk from the
underlying guaranteed living benefits. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  128   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 The following table presents the net increase
(decrease) to consolidated pre-tax income (loss) from changes in the fair value
of the GMWB embedded derivatives and related hedges, excluding related DAC
amortization: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in fair value of embedded derivatives, excluding NPA spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   156 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (435) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (831) 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in fair value of variable annuity hedging portfolio: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed
  maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate derivative contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   742 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  derivative contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (919) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (230) 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in fair value of variable annuity hedging portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (993) 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   772 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  fair value of embedded derivatives excluding NPA spread, net of hedging
  portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (837) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (221) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  fair value of embedded derivatives due to NPA spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  impact on pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,123) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   277 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
 


 The net impact on pre-tax income from the GMWB
and related hedges in 2016 (excluding related DAC amortization) was primarily
driven by actuarial assumption updates to surrender and mortality assumptions.
The 2015 and 2014 net impacts were primarily driven by changes in the NPA
spread. In addition, the impact of rising interest rates and equity markets
late in the fourth quarter of 2016 resulted in fair value losses in the hedging
portfolio, which were not offset by decreases in the embedded derivative
liabilities, because risk margins and other assumptions used for U.S. GAAP
valuation cause the embedded derivatives to be less sensitive to changes in
market rates than the hedge portfolio. The changes in the economic hedge target
and the largely offsetting changes in the fair value of the hedge portfolio
were primarily driven by changes in equity markets and interest rates, as
discussed below. 

 Change in Economic Hedge Target 

 The increase in the economic hedge target in 2016
was primarily due to the update of actuarial assumptions offset by reductions
from positive equity markets and increases in market interest rates,
particularly in the fourth quarter of 2016.  A decrease in market interest
rates, lower equity market performance and the update of actuarial assumptions in
2015 resulted in increases in economic hedge target, which were significantly
offset by changes in the value of the hedging portfolio. The increases in the
economic hedge target in 2014 were primarily due to declines in interest rates
and the update of actuarial assumptions, partially offset by higher equity
market returns.  

 Change in Fair Value of the Hedging Portfolio 

 The changes in the
fair value of the economic hedge target and, to a lesser extent, the embedded
derivatives, were offset in part by the following changes in the fair value of
the variable annuity hedging portfolio: 

 •       Changes
in the fair value of fixed maturity securities, for which the fair value option
has been elected, are used as a capital-efficient way to economically hedge
interest rate and credit spread-related risk. Effective June 30, 2015, we
discontinued our U.S. Treasury bond interest rate hedging program and initiated
a corporate bond hedging program, which is intended to provide the same capital
efficiency as the previous U.S. Treasury bond hedging program. The change in
the fair value of the corporate bond hedging program in 2016 included gains,
primarily due to credit spreads tightening and decreases in market interest
rates in the first nine months of 2016, partially offset by an increase in
rates in the fourth quarter of 2016. The change in the fair value of the
corporate bond hedging program in 2015 reflected losses, primarily due to
increases in market interest rates in the first six months of 2015 and credit
spreads widening. The gains in 2014 from the change in the fair value of the
fixed maturities securities were due to decreases in market interest rates in
2014. The change in the fair value of the hedging bonds, which is excluded from
the pre-tax operating income of the Individual Retirement and Group Retirement
segments, is reported in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements
of Income (Loss). 

 •       Changes
in the fair value of interest rate derivative contracts, which included swaps,
swaptions and futures, resulted in net losses in 2016 as increases in rates in
the fourth quarter of 2016 more than offset the impact of interest rate
declines in the first nine months of 2016.  The net gains in 2015 on interest
rate contracts reflected decreases in market interest rates in the latter half
of 2015, partially offset by the impact of increases in rates in the first six
months of 2015. In 2014, rates declined throughout the year, resulting in gains
from interest rate derivative contracts. 

 •       The
change in the fair value of equity derivative contracts, which included futures
and options, resulted in losses in 2016, 2015 and 2014, which varied based on
the relative growth in equity market returns in the respective years. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            129 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 Change in NPA Spread 

 In 2016, tightening of credit spreads resulted in
a negative impact on pre-tax income from the change in the NPA spread. In 2015,
the impact of widening credit spreads resulted in a significant gain from the
change in NPA spread, which was the primary driver of the net positive impact
on pre-tax income, compared to a less significant gain from the change in NPA
spread in 2014. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions 

 The change in embedded derivatives included
increases in 2016 due to the update of actuarial assumptions, which primarily
reflected lower surrender and mortality assumptions, partially offset by a
decrease due to updated assumptions for utilization of withdrawal benefits. The
impact of these updated assumptions, which were based on experience studies,
was less significant to the embedded derivative liabilities than to the
economic hedge target, because the discount rates used to value the embedded
derivatives include the additional adjustment for the NPA spread, as well as
other explicit risk margins. In addition, the increase in the embedded
derivative liabilities from the assumption updates was largely offset by a
reduction due to an update of these risk margins. See Update of Actuarial
Assumptions for the amount of adjustments included in net capital realized
gains (losses) related to the update of actuarial assumptions for GMWB. 

 DAC 

 The following table summarizes the major components
of the changes in DAC, including VOBA, within the life insurance companies,
excluding DAC of Institutional Markets and Legacy Portfolio:  

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Balance,
  beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,149 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,928 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,560 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition
  costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization
  expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Update of
  assumptions included in pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
 
   
   Related to
  realized capital gains and losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  operating amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   (924) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (871) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase
  (decrease) in DAC due to foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (252) 
   
  
     
   
  
   826 
   
  
     
   
  
   (340) 
   
  
 
   
   Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
 
   
   Balance,
  end of year (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,543 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,149 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,928 
   
  
 


 (a)  DAC
Other in 2014 represents VOBA related to the acquisition of AIG Life Limited. 

 (b)  DAC
balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation)
of investments was $8.4 billion, $7.7 billion and $7.3 billion at December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 The
net adjustments to DAC amortization from the update of actuarial assumptions
for estimated gross profits, including those reported within change in DAC
related to net realized capital gains (losses), represented four percent and
one percent of the DAC balance excluding the amount related to unrealized
depreciation (appreciation) of investments as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

 Reversion to the Mean 

 In
2016,  we updated the long-term annual growth
assumption applied to subsequent periods used in our reversion to the mean
methodology for estimating future estimated gross profits for variable annuity
products, from 8.5 percent to 7.5 percent (before expenses that reduce the
asset base from which future fees are projected). The five-year reversion to
the mean period has not met the criteria for adjustment in 2016, 2015 or 2014;
however, sustained favorable equity market performance in excess of long-term
assumptions could result in unlocking in the Individual Retirement or Group
Retirement variable annuity product lines in the future, with a positive effect
on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking. See Critical Accounting
Estimates – Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented Products (Life
Insurance Companies) for additional discussion of assumptions related to our
reversion to the mean methodology . 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  130   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 DAC and Reserves
Related to Unrealized Appreciation of Investments 

 DAC
for  universal life and investment-type
products (collectively, investment-oriented products) is adjusted at each
balance sheet date to reflect the change in DAC as if securities available for
sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested
at current yields (shadow DAC). Shadow DAC generally moves in the opposite
direction of the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale
securities portfolio, reducing the reported DAC balance when market interest
rates decline. Market interest rates as of December 31, 2016 decreased compared
to December 31, 2015 as a result of narrowing spreads in 2016. As a result, the
unrealized appreciation of fixed maturity securities held in the Life Insurance
Companies that support the Core Portfolio businesses at December 31, 2016
increased by $2.1 billion compared to December 31, 2015, which resulted in a
decrease in DAC to reflect the shadow DAC adjustment. 

 Reserves 

 The  following table
presents a rollforward of insurance reserves for Individual Retirement, Group
Retirement and Life Insurance modules, including future policy benefits,
policyholder contract deposits, other policy funds, and separate account liabilities,
as well as Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual fund assets under
administration : 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Individual
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,474 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,943 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums
  and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,062 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,376 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,324 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,027) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,742) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,500) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and
  other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,991) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,016) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,792) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,032 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,775) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,086 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of
  funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,644 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   Balance
  at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   129,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   115,831 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves
  related to unrealized appreciation of investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (341) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Individual Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   128,950 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,138 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115,500 
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,861 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,254 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums
  and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,743 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,589) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,003) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and
  other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (536) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (506) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (491) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (555) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,091) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,751) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   (657) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,213 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of
  funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Balance
  at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   84,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   85,861 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves
  related to unrealized appreciation of investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Group Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   88,622 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,861 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            131 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7  |    Insurance
Reserves   

   

   


 
 
  
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,464 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,136 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums
  and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,157 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (650) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (440) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (488) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other
  contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (577) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,336 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,147 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,033) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,026) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (948) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   405 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,276) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance
  at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,397 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,006 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,464 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves
  related to unrealized appreciation of investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,085) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,000) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Life Insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,464 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   223,625 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   219,156 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   209,333 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums
  and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,224 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,991) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and
  other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,049) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,099) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,805) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,863 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,428 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,547 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,458) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,351 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of
  funds* 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,179 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,649) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,049) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,135) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance
  at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   236,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   223,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   219,156 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves
  related to unrealized appreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance
  ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,456) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,457) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,341) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   234,884 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   222,168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   217,825 
   
  
 


 * Excludes
amortization of deferred sales inducements 

 I nsurance reserves
of Individual Retirement, Group Retirement and Life Insurance modules, and Retail
Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual fund assets under administration, were
comprised of the following balances : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,380 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,945 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   119,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   115,575 
   
  
 
   
   Other policy funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   378 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,619 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,972 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   204,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   195,890 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual fund assets  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,735 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual
  fund assets  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   236,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   223,625 
   
  
 









 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  132   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

 


 Overview 

 Liquidity  refers to the
ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet our payment obligations. 
It is defined as cash and unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short
period of time at a reasonable cost. We manage our liquidity prudently through
various risk committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and
liquidity risk framework established by Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). Our
liquidity risk framework is designed to manage liquidity at both AIG Parent and
subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six-months
under a liquidity stress scenario. See Enterprise Risk Management — Risk
Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement and Enterprise Risk
Management — Liquidity Risk Management below for additional information.  

 Capital  refers to the
long-term financial resources available to support the operation of our
businesses, fund business growth, and cover financial and operational needs
that arise from adverse circumstances. Our primary source of ongoing capital
generation is the profitability of our insurance subsidiaries. We must comply
with numerous constraints on our minimum capital positions. These constraints
drive the requirements for capital adequacy for both AIG and the individual
businesses and are based on internally-defined risk tolerances, regulatory
requirements, rating agency and creditor expectations and business needs.
Actual capital levels are monitored on a regular basis, and using ERM’s stress
testing methodology, we evaluate the capital impact of potential macroeconomic,
financial and insurance stresses in relation to the relevant capital
constraints of both AIG and our insurance subsidiaries.  

 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to
policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising
from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events. 

 Nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or
capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital
resources as was the case in 2008. Additional collateral calls, deterioration
in investment portfolios or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus,
higher surrenders of annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit
ratings, or catastrophic losses may result in significant additional cash or
capital needs and loss of sources of liquidity and capital. In addition,
regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer
funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. 

 Depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating agency
considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and capital
management actions. Liability management actions may include, but are not
limited to, repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or
engaging in debt exchange offers. Capital management actions may include, but
are not limited to, paying dividends to our shareholders and share
repurchases.   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            133 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 
  
   
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES ACTIVITY FOR 2016 
   
   Sources 
   

   AIG
  Parent Funding from Subsidiaries 
   During 2016, AIG Parent received $7.5 billion in
  dividends and loan repayments from subsidiaries. Of this amount, $2.2 billion
  was dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our
  Property Casualty Insurance Companies, $4.7 billion was dividends and loan
  repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our Life
  Insurance Companies and $571 million was dividends in the form of cash and
  fixed maturity securities from UGC.  
   AIG Parent also received a net amount of $1.6
  billion in tax sharing payments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
  securities from our insurance businesses in 2016, reflecting $608 million
  that was reimbursed by AIG Parent to our insurance businesses during the
  fourth quarter of 2016 as a result of adjustments made to prior-year tax
  sharing payments. The tax sharing payments may continue to be subject to
  adjustment in future periods. 
   The dividends and tax sharing payments from our
  Property Casualty Companies and Life Insurance Companies were funded, in
  part, by proceeds from the sale of 740 million ordinary H shares of PICC
  Property & Casualty Company Limited for approximately $1.25 billion in
  May 2016 and by the sale of AIG Advisor Group in May 2016. 
   Debt
  Issuances 
   In February 2016, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate
  principal amount of 3.300% Notes due 2021. 
   In March 2016, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate
  principal amount of 3.900% Notes due 2026. 
   In June 2016, we issued €750 million aggregate
  principal amount of 1.500% Notes due 2023. 
   UGC Sale 
   In December 2016, we received proceeds from the sale
  of our 100 percent interest in UGC and certain related affiliates to Arch for
  total consideration of approximately $3.3 billion, consisting of $2.2 billion
  of cash, and approximately $1.1 billion of newly issued Arch convertible
  non-voting common-equivalent preferred stock. 
   Legacy Investments 
   During 2016, we generated approximately $3.6
  billion in return of capital from Legacy Investments. 
 
   Uses 
   

   Debt
  Reduction 
   In March 2016, we repurchased, through a cash
  tender offer, approximately $736 million aggregate principal amount of
  certain notes and debentures issued or guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate
  purchase price of approximately $825 million. 
   We also made other repurchases and repayments of
  approximately $3.5 billion during 2016. AIG Parent made interest payments on
  our debt instruments totaling $975 million during 2016. 
   Dividend 
   We paid a cash dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG
  Common Stock during each quarter of 2016.  
   Repurchase
  of Common Stock* 
   We repurchased approximately 201 million shares of
  AIG Common Stock during 2016, for an aggregate purchase price of
  approximately $11.5 billion.  
   Repurchase
  of Warrants 
   We repurchased approximately 17 million warrants
  to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock during 2016 for an aggregate purchase
  price of approximately $309 million.  
   AIG
  Parent Funding to Subsidiaries 
   In January 2016, AIG Parent made a capital
  contribution of approximately $2.9 billion to our Property Casualty Insurance
  Companies. 
   
  
 

 *    Under Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase
plans, from January 1 to February 14, 2017, we repurchased approximately $1.2 billion
of additional shares of AIG Common Stock. As of February 14, 2017,
approximately $4.7 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              134   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash  

 The following table presents selected data from AIG's Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 * 
   
  
 
   
   Sources: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided
  by changes in restricted cash    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
      
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by other investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,731 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  policyholder contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,719 
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of
  long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by other financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  sources 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,144 
   
  
 
   
   Uses:    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  policyholder contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments
  of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases
  of AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends
  paid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases
  of warrants 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by other financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,420) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  uses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,223) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,524) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29,641) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase
  (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   346 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
 


 *    For
2014, cash decreased by $162 million due to reclassification of $289 million to
restricted cash presented in Other assets, partially offset by a $127 million
reclassification from Short-term investments, to correct prior period
presentation. 

 The following table presents a summary of AIG’s Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Summary: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of exchange rate changes on
  cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 


 Operating Cash Flow Activities 

 Insurance companies generally receive most premiums in
advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits. The ability of
insurance companies to generate positive cash flow is affected by the frequency
and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy retention rates
and operating expenses. 

 Interest payments totaled $1.3 billion in 2016 compared to
$1.4 billion in 2015 and $3.4 billion in 2014. Excluding interest payments, AIG
generated positive operating cash flow of $3.7 billion in 2016 compared to $4.2
billion and $8.4 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            135 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Investing
Cash Flow Activities 

 Net cash provided by investing activities in 2016 included
approximately $2.8 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of UGC, Ascot and
AIG Advisor Group. Net cash provided by investing activities for 2015 included
approximately $4.2 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ordinary
shares of AerCap. Net cash provided by investing activities in 2014 included a
reduction in net investment purchase activity and approximately $2.4 billion of
net cash proceeds from the sale of ILFC. 

 Financing Cash Flow Activities 

 Net cash used in
financing activities in 2016 included: 

 •       approximately
$1.4 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG
Common Stock in each quarter of 2016; 

 •       approximately
$11.5 billion to repurchase approximately 201 million shares of AIG Common
Stock;  

 •       approximately
$309 million to repurchase approximately 17 million warrants to purchase shares
of AIG Common Stock; and 

 •       approximately
$4.1 billion to repay long-term debt. 

 These items were
partially offset by approximately $6.0 billion in proceeds from the issuance of
long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in
financing activities in 2015 included: 

 •       approximately
$1.0 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG
Common Stock in each of the first and second quarters of 2015 and $0.28 per
share on AIG Common Stock in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2015; 

 •       approximately
$10.7 billion to repurchase approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common
Stock; and 

 •       approximately
$9.9 billion to repay long-term debt. 

 These items were partially offset by approximately $6.9
billion in proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in financing
activities for 2014 included: 

 •       approximately
$712 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.125 per share on AIG
Common Stock in each quarter of 2014; 

 •       approximately
$4.9  billion to repurchase approximately 88 million shares of AIG Common
Stock;  

 •       approximately
$271 million to repay long-term debt of business held-for-sale; and 

 •       approximately
$16.2 billion to repay long-term debt. 

    

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 

 AIG Parent 

 As of December
31, 2016, AIG Parent had approximately $12.9 billion in liquidity sources.
AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are primarily held in the form of cash,
short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed
maturity securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S.
government and government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency
mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and certain other
highly rated securities. AIG Parent actively manages its assets and liabilities
in terms of products, counterparties and duration. Based upon an assessment of
funding needs, the liquidity sources can be readily monetized through sales,
repurchase agreements or contributed as admitted assets to regulated insurance
companies. AIG Parent liquidity is monitored through the use of various
internal liquidity risk measures. AIG Parent’s primary sources of liquidity are
dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from subsidiaries and credit
facilities.  AIG Parent’s primary uses of liquidity are for debt service,
capital and liability management, and operating expenses. 

 We believe that
we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy our reasonably
foreseeable future requirements and meet our obligations to our creditors,
debt-holders and insurance company subsidiaries. We expect to access the debt
markets from time to time to meet funding requirements as needed.  

 We utilize our
capital resources to support our businesses, with the majority of capital
allocated to our insurance operations. Should we have or generate more capital
than is needed to support our business strategies (including organic growth or
acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks inherent to our business, we may
develop plans to distribute such capital to shareholders via dividends or share
repurchase authorizations or deploy such capital towards liability management. 

 In the normal
course, it is expected that a portion of the capital released by our insurance
operations or through the utilization of AIG’s deferred tax assets may be
available for distribution to shareholders. Additionally, it is expected that a
portion of the capital associated  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              136   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 with businesses or
investments that do not directly support our insurance operations may be
available for distribution to shareholders or deployment towards liability
management upon its monetization.  

 In developing
plans to distribute capital, AIG considers a number of factors, including, but
not limited to: AIG’s business and strategic plans, expectations for capital
generation and utilization, AIG’s funding capacity and capital resources in
comparison to internal benchmarks, as well as rating agency expectations,
regulatory standards and internal stress tests for capital. 

 In January 2016,
AIG Parent made a capital contribution of approximately $2.9 billion to our
Property Casualty Insurance Companies as a result of our fourth quarter 2015
reserve strengthening. 

 The following table presents AIG Parent's liquidity sources: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   As of  
   
  
   As
  of  
   
  
 
   
   (In millions) 
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and short-term investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,950 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,497 
   
  
 
   
   Unencumbered fixed maturity securities (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,723 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,220 
   
  
 
   
   Available capacity under syndicated
  credit facility (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity sources 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,720 
   
  
 


 (a)  Cash
and short-term investments include reverse repurchase agreements totaling $1.0 billion
and $1.5 billion as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

 (b)  Unencumbered
securities consist of publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and
government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 

 (c)  For
additional information relating to this syndicated credit facility, see Credit
Facilities below. 

 Insurance Companies 

 We expect that
our insurance companies will be able to continue to satisfy reasonably
foreseeable future liquidity requirements and meet their obligations, including
those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash
from operations and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets.
Our insurance companies’ liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of
cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed
maturity securities.  

 Each of our
material insurance companies’ liquidity is monitored through various internal
liquidity risk measures.  The primary sources of liquidity are premiums,
fees, reinsurance recoverables and investment income. The primary uses of
liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, benefit claims, surrenders,
withdrawals, interest payments, dividends, expenses, investments and collateral
requirements. 

 Our Property
Casualty Insurance Companies may require additional funding to meet capital or
liquidity needs under certain circumstances.  Large catastrophes may require us
to provide additional support to our affected operations. Downgrades in our
credit ratings could put pressure on the insurer financial strength ratings of
our subsidiaries, which could result in non‑renewals or cancellations by
policyholders and adversely affect the subsidiary’s ability to meet its own
obligations. Increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the
financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency capital models
may reduce the amount of available capital relative to required capital. Other
potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an economic
collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations, nationalization,
catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing economic or
political upheaval. 

 AIG Parent and
Ascot Corporate Name Limited (ACNL) were previously parties to a $725 million letter
of credit facility. The letter of credit facility was released at the closing
of AIG’s sale of its interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. and ACNL in
November 2016. 

 Management
believes that because of the size and liquidity of our Life Insurance
Companies’ investment portfolios, normal deviations from projected claim or
surrender experience would not create significant liquidity risk. Furthermore,
our Life Insurance Companies’ products contain certain features that mitigate
surrender risk, including surrender charges. However, as we saw in 2008, in
times of extreme capital markets disruption, liquidity needs could outpace
resources. As part of their risk management framework, our Life Insurance
Companies continue to evaluate and, where appropriate, pursue strategies and
programs to improve their liquidity position and facilitate their ability to
maintain a fully invested asset portfolio. 

 Certain of our
U.S. insurance companies are members of the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) in
their respective districts. Borrowings from the FHLBs are used to supplement
liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. Our U.S. Property
Casualty Insurance Companies had outstanding borrowings from the FHLBs in an
aggregate amount of approximately $733 million and zero at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively.   The outstanding
borrowings are being used primarily for interest rate risk management purposes
in connection with certain  reinsurance
arrangements, and the balances are expected to decline as underlying premiums
are collected. Our U.S. Life Insurance Companies had outstanding borrowings
from the FHLBs in an aggregate  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            137 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 amount of
approximately $2 million at both December 31, 2016 and 2015. In addition to
these borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2016, $429 million was due to the
FHLB of Dallas under funding agreements issued by our Institutional Markets
business in 2016, which were reported in Policyholder contract deposits. 

 Certain of our
U.S. Life Insurance Companies have programs, which began in 2012, that lend
securities from their investment portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other
uses as deemed appropriate by management. Under these programs, these U.S. Life
Insurance Companies lend securities to financial institutions and receive cash
as collateral equal to 102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities.
Cash collateral received is invested in short-term investments. Additionally,
the aggregate amount of securities that a Life Insurance Company is able to
lend under its program at any time is limited to five percent of its general
account statutory-basis admitted assets. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, our
U.S. Life Insurance Companies had $2.4 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively,
of securities subject to these agreements and $2.5 billion and $1.1 billion,
respectively, of liabilities to borrowers for collateral received. 

 AIG generally
manages capital between AIG Parent and our insurance companies through
internal, Board-approved policies and limits, as well as management standards.
In addition, AIG Parent has unconditional capital maintenance agreements (CMAs)
in place with certain subsidiaries. Nevertheless, regulatory and other legal
restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital freely, either to or
from our subsidiaries. 

 AIG Parent is
party to a CMA with AGC Life Insurance Company. Among other things, the CMA
provides that AIG Parent will maintain the total adjusted capital of AGC Life
Insurance Company at or above a specified minimum percentage of its projected
NAIC Company Action Level Risk-Based Capital (RBC). As of December 31, 2016,
the specified minimum percentage under this CMA was 250 percent. AIG Parent
terminated the CMA with United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company in
connection with the December 2016 closing of the sale of UGC.  

 During
2016, we created a new Switzerland-domiciled international holding company, AIG
International Holdings, GmbH (AIGIH), that is intended to be the ultimate
holding company for all of our international entities. This new international
holding company structure is part of our ongoing efforts to simplify our
organizational structure, and is expected to facilitate the optimization of our
international capital strategy from both a regulatory and tax perspective.
Through February 14, 2017, the following international operations have been
transferred to AIGIH: Europe, Canada, Asia Pacific (excluding Japan) and Latin
America/Caribbean. 

 In 2016, our
Property Casualty Insurance Companies paid approximately $2.2 billion in
dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities to AIG Parent. The
fixed maturity securities primarily included U.S. government and
government-sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 

 In 2016, our
U.S. Life Insurance Companies paid approximately $4.7 billion of dividends and
loan repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities to AIG
Parent, which included the release of approximately $1.0 billion of excess
statutory capital resulting from a reinsurance agreement entered into by one of
the Life Insurance Companies involving certain of its whole life and universal
life businesses, effective July 1, 2016. The fixed maturity securities
primarily included U.S. government and government sponsored entity securities,
U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and
certain other highly rated securities. The reinsurance agreement also resulted
in a $49 million tax payment to AIG Parent. Effective December 31, 2016, the
same life subsidiary recaptured certain term and universal life reserves previously
ceded to an affiliate and ceded approximately $14 billion of such statutory
reserves to an unaffiliated reinsurer under an amendment to the July 1, 2016
agreement, which is expected to result in a tax payment to AIG Parent of
approximately $2.3 billion in 2017. 

 In 2016, UGC
paid approximately $571 million in dividends in the form of cash and fixed
maturity securities to AIG Parent. The fixed maturity securities primarily
included U.S. government and government-sponsored entity securities, U.S.
agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and certain
other highly rated securities. 

 Credit Facilities 

 We maintain a committed, revolving syndicated credit
facility (the Facility) as a potential source of liquidity for general
corporate purposes. The Facility provides for aggregate commitments by the bank
syndicate to provide unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit
of up to $4.5 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings and is
scheduled to expire in November 2020. 

 As of December
31, 2016, a total of $4.5 billion remains available under the Facility. Our
ability to borrow under the Facility is not contingent on our credit ratings.
However, our ability to borrow under the Facility is conditioned on the
satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial
covenants and other requirements contained in the Facility. These include
covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated net
worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization. Failure
to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the Facility would
restrict our access to the Facility and could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We expect to
borrow under the Facility from time to time, and may use the proceeds for
general corporate purposes. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              138   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Contractual Obligations 

 The following table summarizes contractual obligations in total,
and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments due by Period  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,647 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,297 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,262 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  and investment contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,343 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   169,295 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   972 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   960 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
     
   
  
   345 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   321,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,239 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,515 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   197,057 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,151 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,110 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,147 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,965 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,580 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,546 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,595 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,238 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,911 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,802 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,647 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,297 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,262 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  and investment contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,343 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   169,295 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,789 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,283 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   362,429 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,310 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   224,859 
   
  
 


 (a)  Primarily
includes contracts to purchase future services and other capital expenditures. 

 (b)  Does
not reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.5 billion, the timing of which is
uncertain.   

 Loss Reserves 

 Loss reserves
relate to our Property Casualty Insurance Companies and represent estimates of
future loss and loss adjustment expense payments estimated based on historical
loss development payment patterns. Due to the significance of the assumptions
used, the payments by period presented above could be materially different from
actual required payments. We believe that our Property Casualty Insurance
Companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the actual required
payments under these obligations. 

 Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities 

 Insurance and
investment contract liabilities, including GIC liabilities, relate to our Life
Insurance Companies. These liabilities include various investment-type products
with contractually scheduled maturities, including periodic payments. These
liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a significant
portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated contractual
maturity dates and may not result in any future payment obligations. For these
policies and contracts (i) we are not currently making payments until the
occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or disability, (ii) payments
are conditional on survivorship or (iii) payment may occur due to a
surrender or other non-scheduled event beyond our control. 

 We have made
significant assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of
these contractual policy benefits. These assumptions include mortality,
morbidity, future lapse rates, expenses, investment returns and interest
crediting rates, offset by expected future deposits and premiums on in-force
policies. Due to the significance of the assumptions, the periodic amounts
presented could be materially different from actual required payments. The
amounts presented in this table are undiscounted and exceed the future policy
benefits and policyholder contract deposits included in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

 We believe that
our Life Insurance Companies have adequate financial resources to meet the
payments actually required under these obligations. These subsidiaries have
substantial liquidity in the form of cash and short-term investments. In
addition, our Life Insurance Companies maintain significant levels of
investment    grade
rated fixed maturity securities, including substantial holdings in government
and corporate bonds, and could seek to monetize those holdings in the event
operating cash flows are insufficient. We  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            139 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 expect
liquidity needs related to GIC liabilities to be funded through cash flows
generated from maturities and sales of invested assets.  

 Borrowings 

 Our borrowings
exclude those incurred by consolidated investments and include hybrid financial
instrument liabilities recorded at fair value. We expect to repay the long-term
debt maturities and interest accrued on borrowings by AIG through maturing investments
and dispositions of invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash
flows generated from invested assets, future debt issuance and other financing
arrangements.  Borrowings supported by assets
of AIG include various notes and bonds payable as well as GIAs that are
supported by cash and investments held by AIG Parent and certain non-insurance
subsidiaries for the repayment of those obligations. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 

 The following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and
Commercial Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount of Commitment Expiring  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Committed  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   144 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees
  of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,020 
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   869 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit    
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,046 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,662 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees    
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(f) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   284 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   535 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees
  of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,229 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(f) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,132 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,052 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
construction guarantees connected to affordable housing investments by our Life
Insurance Companies. Excludes potential amounts for indemnification obligations
included in asset sales agreements. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further information on indemnification obligations. 

 (b)  Includes
commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds and
commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the United States and
abroad. The commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and
other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding
new investments or expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is
estimated in the table above based on the expected life cycle of the related fund,
consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. Investors under these
commitments are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries. 

 (c)  Does
not include guarantees, CMAs or other support arrangements among AIG
consolidated entities.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              140   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 (d)  Primarily represents liquidity facilities provided in
connection with certain municipal swap transactions and collateralized bond
obligations. 

 (e)  Includes
a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility of up to $500 million
between AerCap Ireland Capital Limited, as borrower, and AIG Parent, as lender
(the AerCap Credit Facility) scheduled to mature in May 2019. The AerCap Credit
Facility permits loans for general corporate purposes. At December 31, 2016, no
amounts were outstanding under the AerCap Credit Facility. 

 (f)  Excludes
commitments with respect to pension plans. The annual pension contribution for
2017 is expected to be approximately $70 million for U.S. and non-U.S. plans. 

 Arrangements with Variable Interest Entities  

 We enter into
various arrangements with variable interest entities (VIEs) in the normal
course of business, and we consolidate a VIE when we are the primary
beneficiary of the entity.  For a further discussion of our involvement with
VIEs, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Indemnification Agreements 

 We are subject
to financial guarantees and indemnity arrangements in connection with our sales
of businesses. These arrangements may be triggered by declines in asset values,
specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities,
litigation developments, or breaches of representations, warranties or
covenants provided by us. These arrangements are typically subject to time
limitations, defined by contract or by operation of law, such as by prevailing
statutes of limitation. Depending on the specific terms of the arrangements,
the maximum potential obligation may or may not be subject to contractual
limitations. For additional information regarding our indemnification
agreements, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 We have recorded
liabilities for certain of these arrangements where it is possible to estimate
them. These liabilities are not material in the aggregate. We are unable to
develop a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential payout under some of
these arrangements. Overall, we believe that it is unlikely we will have to
make any material payments under these arrangements. 

 Debt 

 The following table provides the rollforward
of AIG’s total debt outstanding: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance at 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
   Repayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,047 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,432 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   420 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,792) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (206) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,247 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (267) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,276 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   (542) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,934 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
     
   
  
   (268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,077) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,559 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,869) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (207) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,806 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   730 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,987 
   
  
     
   
  
   612 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,352) 
   
  
   (e) 
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
   (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,371 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,989 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,342 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,352) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,106 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt (g)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,221) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (235) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
 


 (a)  AIG Parent guarantees all such debt,
except for MIP notes payable and Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable,
which are direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral posted to third parties was
$2.2 billion and $2.4 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This
collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and
government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by
the counterparties.  

 (b)  Primarily represents adjustments to the
fair value of debt. 

 (c)  Includes primarily borrowings with Federal
Home Loan Banks by our U.S. insurance companies.  These borrowings are short
term in nature and related activity is presented net of issuances and maturities
and repayments. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            141 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 (d)  At
December 31, 2016, includes debt of consolidated investment vehicles
related to real estate investments of $1.9 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments of $1.7 billion and other securitization vehicles of
$771 million. At December 31, 2015, includes debt of consolidated
investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.4 billion,
affordable housing partnership investments of $1.5 billion and other
securitization vehicles of $1.0 billion.  

 (e)  Includes $1.1 billion related to certain
real estate investments that were sold during 2016.  

 (f)  Includes the effect of consolidating
previously unconsolidated partnerships. 

 (g)  Includes debt issuance costs of $88
million and $101 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Note
2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 TOTAL DEBT OUTSTANDING  

 (in millions) 

 
  
   
     
   
     
   
  
 


 Debt Maturities  

 The following table summarizes maturing debt at
December 31, 2016 of AIG (excluding $4.4 billion of borrowings of consolidated
investments) for the next four quarters: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
     
   
  
   Second 
   
  
     
   
  
   Third 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   167 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   623 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,259 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans
  and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   656 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   387 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,161 
   
  
 


 See
Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on debt
outstanding. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              142   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 Credit Ratings 

 Credit ratings
estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect
the cost and availability of financing to that company.  The following table presents the credit ratings of AIG and
certain of its subsidiaries as of February 14, 2017. Figures in parentheses
indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency’s rating
categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating category and not to
the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Short-Term Debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Long-Term Debt  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
     
   
  
   Moody’s (a) 
   
  
   S&P (b) 
   
  
   Fitch (c) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   P-2 (2nd of 3) 
   
  
   A-2 (2nd of 8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1 (4th of 9) 
   
  
   BBB+ (4th of 9) 
   
  
   BBB+ (4th of 9) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Negative Outlook 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Financial Products Corp. (d) 
   
  
   P-2  
   
  
   A-2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1  
   
  
   BBB+ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a)  Moody’s
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show
relative position within the rating categories. 

 (b)  S&P
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories. 

 (c)  Fitch
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories. 

 (d)  AIG
guarantees all obligations of AIG Financial Products Corp. 

 These
credit ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be
changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result
of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other
circumstances. Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request. 

 We are party to
some agreements that contain “ratings triggers.” Depending on the ratings
maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i)
the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for
accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a
requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties. 

 In the event of
adverse actions on our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies,
AIGFP and certain other AIG entities would be required to post additional
collateral under some derivative transactions or could experience termination
of the transactions. Such requirements and terminations could adversely affect
our business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or
our liquidity. In the event of a further downgrade of AIG’s long-term senior
debt ratings, AIGFP and certain other AIG entities would be required to post
additional collateral, and certain of the counterparties of AIGFP or of such
other AIG entities would be permitted to terminate their contracts early. 

 The actual
amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the
event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be
required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding
affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the
downgrade.  

 For a discussion
of the effects of downgrades in our credit ratings, see Note 11 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements herein and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors
– Liquidity, Capital and Credit.    

 FINANCIAL STRENGTH Ratings 

 Financial Strength ratings estimate
an insurance company’s ability to pay its obligations under an insurance
policy.    The following table
presents the ratings of our significant insurance subsidiaries as of February
14, 2017.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   A.M. Best 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Fitch 
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
 
   
   National Union Fire Insurance Company of
  Pittsburgh, Pa. 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ / A-1+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   Lexington Insurance Company 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   American Home Assurance Company  (US) 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   American General Life Insurance Company 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   The Variable Annuity Life Insurance
  Company  
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   United States Life Insurance Company in
  the City of New York 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Europe Limited  
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   A 
   
  
   A2 
   
  
 
   
   Fuji Fire and Marine Insurance Company  
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
 
   
   AIU Insurance Company, Ltd. 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
   NR 
   
  
 


 These
financial strength ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They
may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a
result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other
circumstances.   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            143 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7
|   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   


 
 For a discussion of the effects of downgrades in the
financial strength ratings of our insurance companies, see Note 11 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements herein and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity,
Capital and Credit. 

 Regulation and Supervision  

 For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources, see Item 1. Business —
Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation. 

 Dividends and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock
 

 On February 11, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a
cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 28, 2016
to shareholders of record on March 14, 2016. On May 2, 2016, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share,
payable on June 27, 2016 to shareholders of record on June 13, 2016.  On August
2, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on September 29, 2016 to shareholders of record on
September 15, 2016. On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on December 22, 2016
to shareholders of record on December 8, 2016. 

 On February 14,
2017, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on March
15, 2017. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will depend on various factors, including the regulatory
framework applicable to us, as discussed further in Note 17 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our Board of
Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock through a
series of actions. On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an
additional increase of $3.0 billion to the share repurchase authorization.  

 During 2016, we
repurchased approximately 201 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an
aggregate purchase price of approximately $11.5 billion pursuant to this authorization,
and we repurchased 17 million warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock,
for an aggregate purchase price of $309 million pursuant to this authorization.
Under Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans, from January 1 to February 14,
2017, we repurchased approximately $1.2 billion of additional shares of AIG
Common Stock.  

 On February 14,
2017, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase of $3.5 billion
to the share repurchase authorization, resulting in a remaining authorization
on such date of approximately $4.7 billion. Shares may be repurchased from time
to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative,
accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise
(including through the purchase of warrants).  Certain of our share repurchases
have been and may from time to time be effected through Exchange Act Rule
10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any future share repurchases will depend
on market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity
and other factors, including the regulatory framework applicable to us. 

 Dividend Restrictions  

 Payments of dividends to AIG by its insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. See Note
19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of restrictions on
payments of dividends by our subsidiaries. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              144   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Enterprise
Risk Management 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Risk management includes the identification and
measurement of various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and
the creation of processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds
while optimizing returns. We consider risk management an integral part of
managing our core businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate
governance. 

 Overview 

 We have
an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in
accordance with our firm‑wide risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has
oversight responsibility for the management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM) Department supervises and integrates the risk management
functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a
consolidated view of AIG’s major risk positions. Within each business unit,
senior leaders and executives approve risk‑taking policies and targeted
risk tolerance within the framework provided by ERM. ERM supports our
businesses and management in the embedding of risk management in our key
day-to-day business processes and in identifying, assessing, quantifying,
managing, monitoring and reporting, and mitigating the risks taken by us and
our businesses. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts may not always be
successful and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur. 

 Risk Governance Structure 

 Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk
categories. Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk
policies is aligned with individual corporate executives, with the risk
committees receiving regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support
risk governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. We
review our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make
changes as appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our risks
and risk-taking. 

 Our Board of Directors oversees the management of risk
through its Risk and Capital Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those
committees regularly interact with other committees of the Board of Directors.
Our Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports to both the RCC and our Chief Executive
Officer  (CEO).  

 The Group Risk Committee (GRC):     The GRC is the
senior management group responsible for assessing all significant risk issues
on a global basis to protect our financial strength, optimize our intrinsic
value, and protect our reputation. The GRC is chaired by our CRO. Its
membership includes our CEO, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and other
executives from across our corporate functions and business units. Our CRO
reports periodically on behalf of the GRC to both the RCC and the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors. Our CRO is also a member of the Executive Leadership
Team (ELT) providing ERM the opportunity to contribute to, review, monitor and
consider the impact of changes in strategy. 

 Management committees that support
the GRC are described below. These committees are comprised of senior
executives and experienced business representatives from a range of functions
and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries. These committees are
charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific risk matters within
their respective mandates. 

 Financial Risk Group (FRG):   The FRG is responsible for the oversight of financial
risks taken by AIG and our subsidiaries. Its mandate includes overseeing our
aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and model risks, as
well as asset-liability
management, derivatives activity, and foreign exchange transactions. It provides the primary corporate-level review function for
all proposed transactions and business practices that are significant in size,
complex in scope, or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or
regulatory risks. The FRG is chaired by our
CRO. Membership of the FRG also includes our CFO, Chief Investment Officer
(CIO) and Treasurer. 

 Technology, Operational Risk &
Control Committee (TORCC):  This committee
oversees technology and operational risk management and control issues and activities
across our businesses, functions, and geographic locations. The TORCC reviews our
risk management practices and monitors current and emerging technology and
operational risks, as well as management actions taken to reduce risks to
acceptable levels. It primarily focuses on establishing the firm-wide
framework for identifying, measuring, quantifying, and managing and mitigating
technology and operational risks, and monitoring our controls. The TORCC
addresses firm-wide, rather than business-specific issues and is mandated to
prioritize technology and operational improvements that are significant and
transformational.  The TORCC also provides a forum for senior management
to assess our technology and operational risk profiles that may affect our
strategic objectives. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            145 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 The scope of the TORCC includes,
but is not limited to, Operational Risk Management, Technology Risk Management,
Information Security, Compliance, Sarbanes Oxley, Disaster Recovery, Project
Risk Management and Vendor Risk Management. 

 The TORCC is an authorized sub-committee of our GRC and
supports the GRC in its risk management oversight role.   The TORCC is co-chaired by
our CIO, Chief Operating Officer, and our CRO. Membership of the TORCC also
includes Owners of the Control Agenda, Business Information Officers, and
members of the various control functions. 

 In addition, the TORCC may form, and delegate authority to,
sub-committees or working groups which oversee Technology and Operational risk
related matters on behalf of us with periodic reporting to the TORCC. 

 Business Unit Risk Committees:  Each
of our major insurance businesses has established a risk committee that serves
as the senior management committee responsible for risk oversight at the
individual business unit level.  The risk committees are responsible for the
identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of risk within their respective
portfolios. Specific responsibilities include setting risk tolerances, reviewing
the capital allocation framework, insurance portfolio optimization, and
providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. In addition, each business unit
has established subordinate committees at the legal entity level and working
groups in place that support these committees in executing their duties, such
as ensuring policies are adhered to, and transactions are completed with risk
appetite in mind. Together, these committees provide comprehensive risk
oversight throughout the organization.  

 

 Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement 

 Risk Appetite Framework 

 Our Risk Appetite Framework integrates
stakeholder interests, strategic business goals and available financial
resources. We balance these by seeking to take measured risks that are expected
to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value for our
shareholders. The framework includes our risk appetite statement approved by
the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and a set of supporting tools,
including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our
risk profile and financial resources.   

 We articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk
tolerances and thresholds on capital and liquidity measures. These measures are
set at the AIG Parent level as well as the legal entity level and cover
consolidated and insurance company capital and liquidity ratios.  We must
comply with standards for capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to
meet all our obligations as they come due in accordance with our internal
capital management and liquidity policies. Our risk tolerances take into
consideration regulatory requirements, rating agency expectations, and business
needs. The GRC routinely reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              146   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 organization in relation to the established risk
tolerances. A consolidated risk report is also presented periodically, as
required, to the RCC by our CRO. 

 Risk Limits 

 A key component of
our Risk Appetite Framework is having a process in place that establishes and
maintains appropriate limits on the material risks identified for our core
businesses and facilitates monitoring and meeting of both internal and external
stakeholder expectations. Our objectives include: 

 •       Establishing
risk monitoring, provide early warning indicators, and ensure timely oversight
and enforceability of limits; 

 •       Defining
a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance; and 

 •       Aligning
our business activities with our risk appetite statement.  

 To support the
monitoring and management of AIG’s and its business units’ material risks, ERM
has an established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy:  

 •       Board level risk tolerances  are AIG’s aggregate
capital and liquidity limits. They define the minimum level of capital and
liquidity that we should maintain. These board level risk tolerances require
our RCC approval. 

 •       AIG management level limits  are risk type specific
limits at the AIG consolidated level. These limits are defined and calibrated
to constrain our concentration in specific risk types, and to protect against
taking risks that exceed the amount of overall capital AIG has available. These
limits are approved by our CRO with consultation from the GRC. 

 •       BU level limits  are set to address key risks
identified by ERM for the business unit/module and/or meet business unit/module
specific requirements by regulators and rating agencies. These limits are
defined by the business unit risk officers. 

 All limits are reviewed by the FRG, GRC or relevant
business unit risk committees on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable,
are approved by those committees. 

 The business units are responsible for measuring and
monitoring their risk exposures. ERM is responsible for monitoring compliance with
limits and providing regular, timely reporting to our senior management and
risk committees. Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner
and are documented and escalated in accordance with their level of severity or
materiality.   

 Risk Identification and Measurement 

 One tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite
Framework is risk identification.  We conduct risk identification through a
number of processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on
capturing our material risks and key areas of focus for follow-up risk
management actions. A key initiative is our  integrated
bottom-up risk identification and assessment process down to the product-line
level . These processes are used as a critical input to enhance and
develop our analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the
organization. 

 We employ various approaches to measure, monitor, and manage
risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and early
warning indicators. We use a proprietary stress testing framework to measure
our quantifiable risks. This framework is built on our existing ERM stress
testing methodology for both insurance and non-insurance operations.  

 The framework measures risk over multiple time horizons and
under different levels of stress. We develop a range of stress scenarios based
both on internal experience and regulatory guidance. The stress tests are
intended to ensure that sufficient resources are available under both
idiosyncratic and systemic market stress conditions. 

 The stress testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure
to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the risk in
each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its capital needs
under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and
risks to AIG consolidated capital. We use this information to determine the
resources needed at the AIG Parent level to support our subsidiaries and
capital resources required to maintain consolidated company target
capitalization levels. 

 
  
   
   We evaluate and manage risk in material topics as shown
  below.  These topics are discussed in more detail in the following pages :  
   
  
 
   
   •       
   Credit Risk Management 
   
  
   •       
   Liquidity Risk Management  
   
  
   •       
   Insurance Risks 
   
  
 
   
   •       
   Market Risk Management 
   
  
   •       
   Operational Risk Management 
   
  
   •       
   Other Business Risks 
   
  
 


    

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            147 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Credit
Risk Management 

 Overview 

 Credit risk is defined as the risk that our
customers or counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual
obligations when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade
of a counterparty’s credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads. 

 We devote considerable resources to managing our direct and
indirect credit exposures. These exposures may arise from, but are not limited
to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper
investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate
and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising
from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance
risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees and letters of credit.  

 Governance 

 Our credit risks are managed
by a team of investment professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various
control processes. ERM is assisted by credit functions headed by highly
experienced credit professionals. Their primary role is to assure appropriate
credit risk management in accordance with our credit policies and procedures
relative to our credit risk parameters. Our Chief Credit Officer (CCO) and
credit executives are primarily responsible for the development, implementation
and maintenance of a risk management framework, which includes the following
elements related to our credit risks:   

 •       developing
and implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures; 

 •       approving
delegated credit authorities to our credit executives and qualified investment
professionals; 

 •       developing
methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the
establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process; 

 •       managing
a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval process for
credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of risk that may
exist or be incurred; 

 •       evaluating,
monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and concentrations
regularly with senior management; and 

 •       approving
appropriate credit reserves, credit-related other-than-temporary impairments
and corresponding methodologies for all credit portfolios. 

 We monitor and control our company-wide credit
risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk
accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk
in some circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third‑party
guarantees, reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters
of credit and trust collateral accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance
recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure and include them in our
risk concentration exposure data. We also monitor closely the quality of any
trust collateral accounts.  

 See Investments – Available for Sale Investments herein for
further information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures. 

 Market Risk Management 

 Market
risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact due to systemic movements in
one or more of the following market risk drivers:  equity and commodity prices,
residential and commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads,
foreign exchange, inflation, and their levels of volatility.  

 We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and
other financial services businesses that generate market risk, directly and
indirectly. We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and
capital markets activities, on both the asset and liability side of our balance
sheet through on and off-balance sheet exposures. The chief risk officer within
each business is responsible for creating a framework to properly identify
these risks, then ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and
managed in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the
Chief Market Risk Officer (CMRO).  

 The scope and magnitude of our market risk exposures is
managed under a robust framework that contains defined risk limits and minimum
standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our risk appetite
statement. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying the
financial repercussions of changes in these broad market observables, as
opposed to from the idiosyncratic risks associated with individual assets that
are addressed through our credit risk management function. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              148   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Risk
Identification 

 Market risk focuses on quantifying the financial
repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market observable
risks. Financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of
operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital. 

 Each of the following systemic risks is considered a market
risk: 

 Equity prices.   We are
exposed to changes in equity market prices affecting a variety of instruments.
Changes in equity prices can affect the valuation of publicly-traded equity
shares, investments in private equity, hedge funds and mutual funds,
exchange-traded funds, and other equity-linked capital market instruments as
well as equity-linked insurance products, including but not limited to index
annuities, variable annuities, universal life insurance and variable universal
life insurance. 

 Residential and commercial real
estate values.   Our investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of
changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real estate
investments. Changes in residential/commercial real estate prices can affect
the valuation of residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial
mortgage‑backed securities and other structured securities with
underlying assets that include residential/commercial mortgages, trusts that
include residential/commercial real estate and/or mortgages, residential
mortgage insurance contracts and commercial real estate investments.  

 Interest rates.   Interest
rate risk can arise from a mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets
versus liabilities. Lower interest rates generally result in lower investment
income and make certain of our product offerings less attractive to investors.
Conversely, higher interest rates are typically beneficial for the opposite
reasons. However, when rates rise quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric
GAAP accounting effect where the existing securities lose market value, which
is largely reported in Other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease
in the value of related liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest
rates can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial
liabilities, insurance contracts including but not limited to fixed rate
annuities, variable annuities and derivative contracts. 

 Credit spreads.   Credit
spreads measure an instrument’s risk premium or yield relative to that of a
comparable duration, default‑free instrument. Changes in credit spreads
can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not
limited to corporate bonds, ABS, mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt
obligations, credit derivatives and derivative credit valuation adjustments.
Much like higher interest rates, wider credit spreads with unchanged default
losses mean more investment income in the long‑term. In the short term,
quickly rising spreads will cause a loss in the value of existing fixed
maturity securities, which is largely reported in Other comprehensive income. A
precipitous widening of credit spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness
in the credit‑worthiness of bond obligors, potentially resulting in
default losses. 

 Foreign exchange (FX) rates.  
We are a globally diversified enterprise with income, assets and liabilities
denominated in, and capital deployed in, a variety of currencies. Changes in FX
rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet and income
statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in specific
transactions.  

 Commodity Prices.   Changes
in commodity prices (the value of commodities) can affect the valuation of
publicly‑traded commodities, commodity indices and derivatives on
commodities and commodity indices. We are exposed to commodity prices primarily
through their impact on the prices and credit quality of commodity producers’
debt and equity securities in our investment portfolio. 

 Inflation.   Changes in
inflation can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including
AIG-issued debt obligations, derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked
to inflation indices, and insurance contracts where the claims are linked to
inflation either explicitly, via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs
or wage levels. 

 Governance 

 Market risk is overseen
at the corporate level within ERM through the CMRO, who reports directly to the
AIG CRO.  The CMRO is supported by a dedicated team of professionals within ERM.
Market Risk is managed by our finance, treasury and investment management
corporate functions, collectively, and in partnership with ERM. The CMRO is
primarily responsible for the development and maintenance of a risk management
framework that includes the following key components: 

 •       written
policies that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and
provide clear guidance regarding their execution and management;  

 •       a
limit framework that aligns with our Board-approved risk appetite statement; 

 •       independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and 

 •       clearly
defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and
responsibilities related to market risk management. 

 •       These
components facilitate the CMRO’s identification, measurement, monitoring,
reporting and management of our market risks.   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            149 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Risk Measurement  

 Our market risk measurement framework was
developed with the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our
market risk exposures. At the firm‑wide level market risk is measured in
a manner that is consistent with AIG’s risk appetite statement. This is
designed to ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and
can determine how much additional market risk taking capacity is available
within our framework. Our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of
capital and liquidity levels. At the market risk level, the framework measures
our overall exposure to each systemic market risk change on an economic basis. 

 In addition, we continue to use enhanced economic, GAAP
accounting and statutory capital‑based risk measures at the market risk
level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide levels. This process aims
to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of our market risk
exposures. 

 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to
  measure our market risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity analysis.   Sensitivity analysis measures the impact from
  a unit change in a market risk input. Examples of such sensitivities include
  a one basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity securities, a one basis
  point increase in credit spreads of fixed maturity securities, and a one
  percent increase in prices of equity securities. 
   Scenario analysis.  
   Scenario analysis uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
  macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures. Examples of
  hypothetical scenarios include a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield
  curve or a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease in world‑wide
  equity markets. Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to arrive
  at a probability distribution of losses. 
   Stress testing.    Stress
  testing is a special form of scenario analysis in which the scenarios are
  designed to lead to a material adverse outcome. Examples of such scenarios
  include the stock market crash of October 1987 or the widening of yields or
  spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008. 
   
  
 


    


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              150   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Market Risk
Sensitivities 

 The following table provides estimates of our sensitivity to
changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet Exposure 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet Effect 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31,  
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100 bps parallel increase in all
  yield curves 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate sensitive assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,784 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260,689 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,745) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,549) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,113 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,878 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,352) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,092) 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total interest rate sensitive assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   276,914 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279,587 
   
  
   (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16,098) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15,642) 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20% decline in stock prices and value
  of 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   alternative investments 
   
  
 
   
   Equity and alternative investments
  exposure: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,249 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,917 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,450) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,183) 
   
  
 
   
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,130 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,233 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,900 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,579 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,316) 
   
  
 
   
   PICC Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   439 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (448) 
   
  
 
   
   Common equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (274) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (315) 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   946 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   472 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (189) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (94) 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity and alternative
  investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   exposure 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,491 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,671) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,898) 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10% depreciation of all foreign
  currency  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   exchange rates against the U.S. dollar 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      asset position: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Japanese yen 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,745 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (235) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (174) 
   
  
 
   
      Great Britain pound 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,274 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
 
   
      Euro 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,000 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (200) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (205) 
   
  
 
   
        All other foreign currencies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
 
   
   Total foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   asset position (b)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (983) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
 


 (a)  At December 31, 2016, the analysis covered
$276.9 billion of $292.5 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were
$8.1 billion of loans and $2.5 billion of investments in life settlements. In
addition, $5.0 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded
due to modeling limitations. At December 31, 2015, the analysis covered $279.6
billion of $298.7 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were $10.7
billion of loans and $3.6 billion of investments in life settlements. In
addition, $4.8 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded
due to modeling limitations.   

 (b)  The majority of the foreign currency
exposure is reported on a one quarter lag. 

 Foreign currency-denominated net asset position
reflects our consolidated non‑U.S. dollar assets less our consolidated
non‑U.S dollar liabilities on a GAAP basis, with certain adjustments. We
use a bottom-up approach in managing our foreign currency exchange rate
exposures with the objective of protecting statutory capital at the regulated
insurance entity level. At the AIG Parent level, we monitor our single foreign
currency exposures and limit the risk of the aggregate currency portfolio.  

 Our foreign currency-denominated net asset position at
December 31, 2016, decreased by $830 million compared to December 31, 2015. The
decrease was mostly due to a $1.6 billion decrease in our Hong Kong dollar
position, primarily resulting from the sale of our Property Casualty Insurance
Companies’ PICC Investment, partially offset by a $600 million increase in our
Japanese yen position primarily due to hedging activities, unrealized
appreciation, and strengthening of the yen against the U.S. dollar.  

 For illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities
based on a 100 basis point increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline
in equities and alternative assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all
foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results
presented in the table above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a
demonstration of the potential effects of such events.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            151 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 The sensitivity
factors utilized for 2016 and presented above were selected based on historical
data from 1996 to 2016, as follows (see the table below): 

 •       a
100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield; 

 •       a
20 percent drop for equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent
with a one standard deviation movement in the S&P 500; and 

 •       a
10 percent depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a
one standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Japanese yen (JPY)
exchange rate. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  Scenario as 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   2016
  as a Multiple 
   
  
   Original
  2015 Scenario (based 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Standard 
   
  
   Suggested 
   
  
   a
  Multiple of 
   
  
   Change/ 
   
  
   of
  Standard 
   
  
   on
  Standard Deviation for 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Period 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   2016
  Scenario 
   
  
   Standard
  Deviation 
   
  
   Return 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   1995-2015
  Period) 
   
  
 
   
   10-Year
  Treasury 
   
  
   1996-2016 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   0.99 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   0.18 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
   1996-2016 
   
  
   0.18 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
   1.10 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
   0.53 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
 
   
   USD/JPY 
   
  
   1996-2016 
   
  
   0.12 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
   0.86 
   
  
   0.03 
   
  
   0.24 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
 


 Risk Monitoring and Limits 

 The risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by
the business units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and
escalation and remediation of limit breaches. Such activities must be reported
to the ERM Market Risk team by the relevant business unit. This monitoring
approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 To control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a
three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the CMRO closely monitors and reports to
our CRO, senior management and risk committees.  

 See Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement –
Risk Limits herein for further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits. 

 Liquidity Risk Management 

 Liquidity risk is
defined as the risk that our financial condition will be adversely affected by
the inability or perceived inability to meet our short-term cash, collateral or
other financial obligations. Failure to appropriately manage liquidity risk can
result in insolvency, reduced operating flexibility, increased costs, reputational
harm and regulatory action.  

 AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient
liquidity during both the normal course of business and under defined liquidity
stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash will be available to meet the
obligations as they come due. 

 AIG Parent liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to
allow it to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six- months under a
liquidity stress scenario. We maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage
ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are met under varying market
conditions. If we project that we will breach these tolerances, we will assess
and determine appropriate liquidity management actions. However, the market
conditions in effect at that time may not permit us to achieve an increase in
liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity requirements. 

 Risk Identification 

 The following sources
of liquidity and funding risks could impact our ability to meet short-term
financial obligations as they come due.   

 •       Market/Monetization Risk:  Assets may not be readily
transformed into cash due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity
risk may limit our ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet
liquidity needs.    

 •       Cash Flow Mismatch Risk:  Discrete and cumulative cash
flow mismatches or gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and
adverse business conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls. 

 •       Event Funding Risk:  Additional funding may be
required as the result of a trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many
forms and may result from a downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or
some other event that creates a funding obligation or limits existing funding
options.  

 •       Financing Risk:  We may be unable to raise additional
cash on a secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions,
AIG-specific issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional
funding. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              152   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Governance 

 Liquidity risk is overseen at the corporate level
within ERM.  The AIG CRO has responsibility for the oversight of the Liquidity
Risk Management Framework and delegates the day-to-day implementation of this
framework to the AIG Treasurer. Our corporate treasury function manages
liquidity risk, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. 

 The Liquidity Risk Management Framework is guided by the
liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the Board-approved risk appetite
statement.   The principal objective of this
framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our
long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and to meet
short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed
conditions.  

 Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework includes a number of
liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific,
broader industry and market related liquidity events. 

 Risk Measurement 

 Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal
conditions are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity
risk. We produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons
that incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and
likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by
identifying liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these
scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity. 

 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to
  measure our liquidity risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Minimum Liquidity Limits:  Minimum Liquidity
  Limits specify the amount of assets required to be maintained in specific
  liquidity portfolios to meet obligations as they arise over a specified time
  horizon under stressed liquidity conditions.   
   Coverage Ratios:  Coverage Ratios measure the
  adequacy of available liquidity sources, including the ability to monetize
  assets to meet the forecasted cash flows over a specified time horizon. The
  portfolio of assets is selected based on our ability to convert those assets
  into cash under the assumed market conditions and within the specified time
  horizon.  
   Cash Flow Forecasts:  Cash Flow Forecasts
  measure the liquidity needed for a specific legal entity over a specified
  time horizon. 
   Stress Testing:  Asset  
   liquidity and   Coverage Ratios are
  re-measured under defined liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net
  cash flows, liquid assets and/or other funding sources. 
   
  
 


 Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and
reported regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The
frequency, content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit
and legal entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size. 

 Operational Risk M anagement 

 Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other
adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes,
people, systems, or from external events. Operational risk includes legal,
regulatory and compliance risks, and excludes business and strategy risks.  

 Operational risk is inherent in each of our business units.
Operational risks can have many impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected
economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory
action from supervisory agencies, operational and business disruptions, and/or
damage to customer relationships. 

 ORM oversees the Operational Risk policy and
framework, which includes risk identification, assessment, prioritization,
measurement, monitoring, and reporting of operational risk. As part of the
framework, we deploy a series of operational risk programs to support our business
units with the identification, monitoring and reporting of operational risks. The
ORM programs include, but are not limited to, several key components as
outlined below: 

 •       The
Risk Event Capture process enables each employee to identify, document, and
escalate operational risk impacts, with a view to enhancing, processes and
promoting lessons learned.  

 •       The
Vulnerability Identification (VID) process identifies emerging risks, which we
consider to be risks that have not yet fully manifested themselves but could
become significant over time.  

 •       The
Ordinal Risk Ranking effort provides an ordinal ranking of AIG’s most
significant operational risks at the Enterprise, Segment or Regional levels,
with the goal of prioritizing assessment and remediation activity.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            153 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 •     
 The Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSAs) allow for the
identification and assessment of the key operational risks within our
respective business units and a determination as to whether the related
controls are effective.   

 •       Scenario
Analyses are executed to identify the remote, but plausible, potential risks
that could result in severe financial losses.   

 ORM, working together with other second lines of
defense functions (e.g., Model Validation and the Technology Risk office, as
well as Compliance, Sarbanes Oxley, and Global Business Continuity), provides
an independent view of Operational Risk for each business, and works with the
business to facilitate implementation of the above programs.  This includes
coverage of operational risks related to core insurance activities, investing,
model risk, technology (including cyber security, access, data privacy and data
security), third-party providers, as well as compliance and regulatory matters.
Based on the results of the risk identification and assessment efforts above,
business leaders are accountable for tracking and remediating identified issues
in line with our risk monitoring procedures. Governance committees support
these efforts and promote transparency and management decision making.  

 
  
   
   An integrated risk and control
  framework facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational risk
  issues.  To accomplish this, our integrated risk and control framework is
  designed to: 
   
  
 
   
   •       
   ensure first line accountability
  and ownership of risks and controls;  
   •       
   promote role clarity among the
  business and risk and control functions; 
   •       
   enhance transparency, risk
  management governance and culture; 
   •       
   foster greater consistency in
  identifying and ranking material risks; 
   •       
   pro-actively address potential
  risk issues and assign clear ownership and accountability for addressing
  identified risk issues; and 
   •       
   accelerate the development of
  technology solutions that support the objectives above. 
   
  
 


    

 Insurance  Risks 

 Except as described above, we manage our business
risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in
managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted
return on equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk
selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the
risk accepted.   

 We operate our insurance businesses on a
global basis, and we are exposed to a wide variety of risks with different time
horizons. We manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and
locally, through a number of procedures: 

 •       pre-launch
approval of product design, development and distribution; 

 •       underwriting
approval processes and authorities; 

 •       exposure
limits with ongoing monitoring; 

 •       management
of relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging; 

 •       enhanced
pricing models; 

 •       modeling
and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels
(policy, line of business, product group, country, individual/group,
correlation and catastrophic risk events); 

 •       compliance
with financial reporting and capital and solvency targets; 

 •       use
of reinsurance, both internal and third-party; and 

 •       review
and challenge of reserves to ensure comprehensive analysis with established
escalation procedures to provide appropriate transparency in reserving
decisions and judgments made in the establishment of reserves. 

 We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring
and controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of
business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the
premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk
using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions
(stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches. 

 Risk Identification 

 •     
 Property Casualty
Insurance Companies —  risks covered include property, casualty,
fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation, and management liability. We
manage risks in the general insurance business through aggregations and
limitations of concentrations at multiple levels: policy, line of business,
geography, industry and legal entity.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              154   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 •     
 Life Insurance
Companies —   risks include mortality and morbidity in the
insurance-oriented products and insufficient cash flows to cover contract
liabilities and longevity risk in the retirement savings-oriented products. We
manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical underwriting,
and external reinsurance programs. 

 We
purchase reinsurance for our insurance operations.   Reinsurance
facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations)
and capital planning. We may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of
our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a
consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and
manage global catastrophe risks. 

 Governance 

 Insurance risks are monitored
at the business unit level within ERM and overseen by the business unit chief
risk officer, who reports directly to our CRO. The framework includes the
following key components: 

 •       written
policies that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities;  

 •       a
limit framework focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our
Board-approved risk appetite statement; and 

 •       clearly
defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and
responsibilities related to insurance risk management. 

 Risk Measurement,
Monitoring and Limits 

 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to
  measure our insurance risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Stochastic methods.  Stochastic methods are
  used to measure and monitor risks including natural catastrophe, reserve and
  premium risk. We develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our
  exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in
  the case of catastrophe risk. 
   Scenario analysis.  Scenario or deterministic
  analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as terrorism or to
  estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios. 
   
  
 


 In addition, we monitor concentrations of
exposure through insurance limits aggregated along dimensions such as
geography, industry, or counterparty. 

 The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units
include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities are reported to management by
the relevant business unit for informative decision-making on a regular basis.
This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 Risk limits have a consistent framework used across AIG, its
business units, and legal entities. This includes escalation thresholds in
cases where measurement is particularly challenging.   

 See Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement –
Risk Limits herein for further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits 

 Property Casualty Insurance Companies Key Insurance
Risks 

 We manage insurance risks through risk review and
selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles,
self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. This
management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and
the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions
for insurance. Underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate
historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and
judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes. 

 For Property Casualty Insurance Companies,
insurance risks primarily include the following: 

 •       Loss Reserves –  The  potential
inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the Property Casualty Insurance
Companies. There is significant uncertainty in factors that may drive the
ultimate development of losses compared to our estimates of losses and loss
adjustment expenses. We manage this uncertainty through internal controls and
oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external
experts. See Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates – Insurance
Liabilities – Loss Reserves herein for further information. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            155 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 •     
 Underwriting –  The po tential
inadequacy of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in
our portfolios can impact the Property Casualty Insurance Companies’ ability to
achieve an underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses
and expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty
and complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate
to generate underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic
conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of
claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or
unexpected or increased costs or expenses.  

 •     
 Catastrophe Exposure –  Our
business is exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can
occur and affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year. Natural
disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other catastrophes, have the
potential to adversely affect our operating results. Other risks, such as
man-made catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also adversely affect our
business and operating results to the extent they are covered by our insurance
products. Concentration of exposure in certain industries or geographies may
cause us to suffer disproportionate losses. 

 •     
 Single Risk Loss Exposure –  Our
business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses
from a single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in
loss activity for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable
limits established by our GRC through a combination of internal underwriting
standards and external reinsurance. Furthermore, single risk loss exposure is
managed and monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis.  

 •     
 Reinsurance –  Since  we
use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with
reinsurance including the unrecoverability of expected payments from reinsurers
either due to an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not
respond properly to the event, or that actual reinsurance coverage is different
than anticipated.  The inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit
risk and is monitored through our credit risk management framework. 

 Natural Catastrophe Risk 

 We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple
approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss
(PML) modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and
purchasing catastrophe reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and
capital markets in addition to other reinsurance protections. 

 We use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools
to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and
associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary
multi-model approach to account for relative strengths and weaknesses of vendor
models, and make adjustments to modeled losses to account for loss adjustment
expenses, model biases, data quality and non-modeled risks. 

 We perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model
weaknesses, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities.  Lessons learned from  post-catastrophe event  studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting
processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies exposed to
catastrophic risks are one-year contracts that allow us to adjust our underwriting
guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period.  

 We recognize that climate change has implications for
insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels
of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate
science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing
models and strategic planning. For example, we continually consider changes in
climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process.
In addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and
services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change,
including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development,
underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to
and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. 

 Our natural catastrophe exposure is primarily driven by the
U.S. and Japan, though our overall exposure is diversified across multiple
countries. For example, we have exposures to additional perils such as European
windstorms and floods and seismic events across the Pacific Rim. Within the
U.S., we have significant hurricane exposure in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, Northeast
U.S. and mid-Atlantic regions. Events impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic
may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily
due to our relative share of exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we
have significant earthquake exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and
New Madrid regions. Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid
regions may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions
primarily due to our relative share of exposure in these regions. 

 The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively.   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              156   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 The following table
presents an overview of OEP modeled losses for top perils and countries:  

 
  
   
   At
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 2017 
   
  
   Percent of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross  
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance, After Tax 
   
  
   Shareholder Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exposures: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S.
  Hurricane (1-in-100) (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,963 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,276 
   
  
   1.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S.
  Earthquake (1-in-250) (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,423 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,225 
   
  
   2.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese
  Wind (1-in-100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   643 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese
  Earthquake (1-in-250) (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   715 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   465 
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)  The
U.S. hurricane amount includes losses to Property from hurricane hazards of
wind and storm surge. 

 (b)  U.S.
earthquake loss estimates represent exposure to Property, Workers’ Compensation
(U.S.) and A&H business lines. 

 (c)  Japan
Earthquake represents exposure to Property and A&H business lines. 

 The
OEP estimates provided above reflect our in-force portfolios at September 30,
2016, for both U.S. and Japan exposures. The catastrophe reinsurance program is
as of January 1, 2017. 

 AIG, along with
other property casualty insurance and reinsurance companies, uses  industry-recognized catastrophe models and applies
proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. The
use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially change the
projected losses. Since there is no industry standard for assumptions and
preparation of insured data for use in these models, our modeled losses may not
be comparable to estimates made by other companies.  

 Also, the
modeled results are based on the assumption that all reinsurers fulfill their
obligations to us under the terms of the reinsurance arrangements and all
catastrophe bonds attach and pay as modeled. However, reinsurance recoverable
may not be fully collectible. In particular, the use of catastrophe bonds may
not provide commensurate levels of protection compared to traditional
reinsurance transactions. Therefore, these estimates are inherently uncertain
and may not accurately reflect our exposure to these events.  

 Our 2017
catastrophe reinsurance program includes coverage for natural catastrophes and
some coverage for terrorism events. It consists of a large North American occurrence
cover (without reinstatement) to protect against large North America losses,
and Japan covers to protect against losses in Japan. The attachment point for
this reinsurance program is at $1.5 billion for the North American cover ($3
billion in 2016) and varies for the Japan covers. The North American cover has
reduced the U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100) OEP net of reinsurance from $3.1 billion
under the 2016 reinsurance program to $2.0 billion under the 2017 program.  

 Actual results in
any period are likely to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled scenarios.
The occurrence of one or more severe events could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. See also Item
1A. Risk Factors  —  Reserves and Exposures for additional information. 

 Terrorism Risk 

 We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage
exposures to losses from terrorist attacks. We have set risk limits based on
modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are
modeled using a third-party vendor model and various terrorism attack modes and
scenarios. Adjustments are made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature
of the Property Casualty Insurance Companies exposures. Examples of modeled
scenarios are conventional bombs of different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear
attacks. 

 Our largest terrorism exposures are in New York City, and
estimated losses are largely driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation
lines of business. At our largest exposure location, modeled losses for a
five-ton bomb attack net of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA) and reinsurance recoveries are estimated to be $2.8
billion as of September 30, 2016.  

 Our exposure to terrorism risk in the U.S. is mitigated by
TRIPRA in addition to limited private reinsurance protections. TRIPRA covers
terrorist attacks within the United States or U.S. missions and against certain
U.S. carriers or vessels and excludes certain lines of business as specified by
applicable law. In 2017, TRIPRA covers 83 percent of insured losses above a
deductible, decreasing by one percent each year to 80 percent in 2020. The
current estimate of our deductible is approximately $2.5 billion for 2016.  

 We offer terrorism coverage in many other countries through
various insurance products and participate in country terrorism pools when
applicable. International terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based
modeling and exposure concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted
reinsurance purchases are made for some lines of business to cover potential
losses due to terrorist attacks. We also rely on the government sponsored and
government arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force
in applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            157 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 Reinsurance Activities 

 Reinsurance
is used primarily to manage overall capital adequacy and mitigate the insurance
loss exposure related to certain events such as natural and man-made
catastrophes. Our subsidiaries operate worldwide primarily by underwriting and
accepting risks for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a
portion of the exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to
the extent those risks exceed the desired retention level. In addition, as a
condition of certain direct underwriting transactions, we may be required by
clients, agents or regulation to cede all or a portion of risks to specified
reinsurance entities, such as captives, other insurers, local reinsurers and
compulsory pools. 

 Reinsurance markets include: 

 •       Traditional
local and global reinsurance markets including those in the United States,
Bermuda, London and Europe, accessed directly and through reinsurance
intermediaries; 

 •       Capital
markets through insurance-linked securities and collateralized reinsurance
transactions, such as catastrophe bonds,  sidecars and
similar vehicles; and 

 •       Other
insurers that engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance. 

 The form of reinsurance we may choose from time to time
will generally depend on whether we are seeking: 

 •       proportional reinsurance, whereby we cede a specified
percentage of premiums and losses to reinsurers; 

 •       non-proportional
or excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of
losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including
catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or 

 •      facultative contracts that reinsure individual
policies. 

   

 We
continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of different forms of
reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used to achieve our risk
and profitability objectives. 

   

 Reinsurance
contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from their direct obligations to
insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program substantially mitigates our
exposure to potentially significant losses. 

   

 In
certain markets, we are required to participate on a proportional basis in
reinsurance pools based on our relative share of direct writings in those
markets. Such mandatory reinsurance generally covers higher-risk consumer
exposures such as assigned-risk automobile and earthquake, as well as certain
commercial exposures such as workers’ compensation. 

 Reinsurance Recoverable 

 AIG’s reinsurance
recoverable assets are comprised of: 

 •       Paid
losses recoverable – balances due from reinsurers for losses and loss
adjustment expenses paid by our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet collected. 

 •       Ceded
loss reserves – ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment
expenses, including reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates
for IBNR. 

 •       Ceded
reserves for unearned premiums. 

 At December 31, 2016, total reinsurance
recoverable assets were $21.9 billion. These assets include general
reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $1.1 billion, ceded loss reserves
of $15.7 billion including reserves for IBNR, and ceded reserves for unearned premiums
of $3.4 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverables of $1.7 billion.
The methods used to estimate IBNR and to establish the resulting ultimate
losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of losses over multiple
years. These methods are continually reviewed and updated by management. Any
adjustments are reflected in income. We believe that the amount recorded for ceded
loss reserves at December 31, 2016 reflects a reasonable estimate of the
ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may, however, differ, perhaps
materially, from the reserves currently ceded. 

 The Reinsurance Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic
detailed assessments of the financial strength and condition of current and
potential reinsurers, both foreign and domestic. The RCD monitors the financial
condition of reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to
reinsurers, and sets limits with regard to the amount and type of exposure we
are willing to cede to reinsurers. As part of these assessments, the RCD assesses
the financial capacity and liquidity of reinsurers; and evaluates the local
economic and financial environment in which foreign reinsurers operate. The RCD
reviews the nature of the risks ceded and the need for measures, including
collateral to mitigate credit risk. For example, in our treaty reinsurance
contracts, we frequently include provisions that allow us to require a
reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to reduce exposure when a
referenced event occurs. Furthermore, we limit our unsecured exposure to
reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as insurer financial
strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital, or specified
declines in risk-based capital (RBC) ratios. We also set maximum limits for
reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is the recoverable amount
plus an estimate of the  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              158   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 maximum potential exposure
from unexpected loss events that could be ceded to a reinsurer. In addition,
credit executives within ERM review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and
approve reinsurer credit limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we
conclude that uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral
from active reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our
subsidiaries to recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory
accounting purposes. At December 31, 2016, we held $8.1 billion of collateral, in
the form of funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or
evergreen letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from
unaffiliated reinsurers. We believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer
represents an inappropriate concentration of risk to us. 

 The following table presents information for each
reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance
recoverable assets: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
      
   
  
   A.M. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Best 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurer: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,480 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,621 
   
  
 
   
   Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA+ 
   
  
   A++ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,165 
   
  
   (d) 
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,595 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   570 
   
  
 
   
   Munich Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   734 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,227 
   
  
 


 (a)  The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of January 3, 2017. 

 (b)  Total
reinsurance assets include both the Property Casualty Insurance Companies and
the Life Insurance Companies reinsurance recoverable. 

 (c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable balances.  

 (d)  Includes
$1.8 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive reinsurance transaction
pursuant to which a large portion of the Property Casualty Insurance Companies
net domestic asbestos liabilities were transferred to NICO. Does not include
reinsurance assets ceded to other reinsurers for which NICO has assumed the
collection risk. We entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement
with NICO, discussed in Item 7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves — Reinsurance
Activities. Based on reserves as of December 31, 2016, this agreement will
increase the gross reinsurance assets and collateral held from the Berkshire
Hathaway Group of Companies by approximately $12.8 billion and $10.2 billion,
respectively.  

 At
December 31, 2016, we had no significant general reinsurance recoverable
due from any individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. Reinsurer
capital levels remained stable in 2016, and the industry’s robust underwriting
capacity resulted in continued competition and attractive rates for 2017
renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower rates could potentially
result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. The RCD,
in conjunction with the credit executives within ERM, reviews these
developments, monitors credit triggers that may require the reinsurer to post
collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to mitigate any material
risks arising from these developments .  

 See Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets for further discussion of reinsurance recoverable.  

 Life Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks 

 Our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life
Insurance and Institutional Markets businesses manage risk through product
design, experience monitoring, pricing actions, risk limitations, reinsurance
and active monitoring and management of the relationships between assets and
liabilities, including hedging. 

 For our Individual and Group Retirement and
Life Insurance products offered by the Life Insurance Companies, key insurance
risks include the following: 

 •     
 Mortality risk –  represents the
risk of loss arising from actual mortality rates being higher than expected
mortality rates.  This risk could arise from pandemics or other events,
including longer-term societal changes that cause higher than expected
mortality. This risk exists in a number of our product lines, but is most
significant for our life insurance products. 

 •       Longevity risk –  represents the risk of a change in
value of a policy or benefit as a result of actual mortality rates being lower
than the expected mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer-term societal
health changes as well as other factors. This risk exists in a number of our
product lines but is most significant for our retirement, institutional and
annuity products. 

 •       Policyholder behavior risk including surrender/lapse risk –  represents the
risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from expected behavior in a
manner that has an adverse effect on our results of operations. There are many
assumptions made when products are sold, including how long the contracts will
persist. Actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions.  This
risk is impacted by a number of factors including changes in market conditions,
especially interest rate and equity market changes, tax law, regulations and
policyholder preferences. This risk exists in the majority of our product
lines. 

 •       Interest rate risk –  represents the potential for loss due to a
change in interest rates. Interest rate risk is measured with respect to
assets, liabilities (both insurance-related and financial) and derivatives.
This risk manifests itself when interest rates move significantly in a short
period of time. Rapidly rising interest rates create the potential for
increased surrenders. Interest rate risk  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            159 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 can also
manifest itself over a longer period of time, such as in a persistent low
interest rate environment. Low long-term interest rates put pressure on
investment returns, which may negatively affect sales of interest rate
sensitive products and reduce, or eliminate future profits on certain existing
fixed rate products. 

 •       Equity risk –  represents the potential for loss due
to changes in equity prices. It affects equity-linked insurance products,
including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities (and
associated guaranteed living and death benefits, as discussed below), universal
life insurance and variable universal life insurance. In addition, changes in
the volatility of equity prices can affect the valuation of insurance features
that are accounted for as embedded derivatives and the related economic hedges. 

 The emergence of significant adverse experience
compared to the initial assumptions at policy issuance or updated assumption
would require an adjustment to DAC and benefit reserves, which could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for a
particular period. For additional discussion of the impact of actual and
expected experience on DAC and benefit reserves, see Critical Accounting
Estimates – Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health (Life
Insurance Companies) and Critical Accounting Estimates – Guaranteed Benefit
Features of Variable Annuity Products (Life Insurance Companies). For
additional discussion of business risks, see Item 1A. Risk Factors —
Business and Operations. 

 Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Programs 

 Our Individual and Group Retirement businesses
offer variable annuity products with GMWB riders that guarantee a certain level
of benefits. GMWB guaranteed living benefits are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in
Other realized capital gains (losses). GMWB features subject the Life Insurance
Companies to market risk, including exposure to changes in interest rates, equity
prices, credit spreads and market volatility. 

 Variable annuity product design is the first step in
managing our exposure to these market risks. Risk mitigation features of our
variable annuity product design include GMWB rider fees indexed to an equity
market volatility index, which can provide additional fee assessments in
periods of increased market volatility, required minimum allocations to fixed
accounts to reduce overall equity exposure, and the utilization of volatility
control funds, which reduce equity exposure in the funds in response to changes
in market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements. 

 After reflecting our product risk-mitigating features, we
hedge our remaining economic exposure to market risk within GMWB features
through our variable annuity hedging program, which is designed to offset
certain changes in the economic value of these GMWB embedded derivatives,
within established thresholds. The hedging program is designed to provide
additional protection against large and combined movements in interest rates,
equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility under multiple scenarios. 

 Our hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which
represents our estimate of the underlying economic risks in our GMWB riders,
based on the present value of the future expected benefit payments for the
GMWB, less the present value of future rider fees, over numerous stochastic
scenarios.  This stochastic projection method uses best estimate assumptions
for policyholder behavior (including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit
utilization) in conjunction with market scenarios calibrated to observable
equity and interest rate option prices. Policyholder behaviors are regularly
evaluated to compare current assumptions to actual experience and, if
appropriate, changes are made to the policyholder behavior assumptions. The
risk of changes in policyholder behavior is not explicitly hedged and such
differences between expected and actual policyholder behaviors may result in
hedge ineffectiveness. 

 Due to differences between the calculation of the economic
hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, which include
differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain risk
margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements in
the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation will
vary over time with changes in equity markets, interest rates and credit
spreads.  See Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Variable
Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results for information on the impact
on our consolidated pre-tax income from the change in fair value of the
embedded derivatives and the hedging portfolio, as well as additional
discussion of differences between the economic hedge target and the valuation
of the embedded derivatives. 

 In designing our hedging portfolio for our variable annuity
hedging program, we make assumptions and projections about the future
performance of the underlying contract holder funds. To project future account value
changes, we make assumptions about how each of the underlying funds will
perform. We map the contract holder funds to a set of publicly traded indices
that we believe best represent the liability to be hedged. Basis risk exists
due to the variance between these assumptions and actual fund returns, which
may result in variances between changes in the hedging portfolio and changes in
the economic hedge target. Net hedge results and the cost of hedging are also
impacted by differences between realized volatility and implied volatility. 

 For index annuity and universal life products, we have a
hedging program designed to manage the index crediting strategies associated
with index annuity and index life products. This hedging program is designed to
offset the economic risk with respect to the index returns for the current
crediting rate reset period, and utilizes derivative instruments, including but
not limited to equity index  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              160   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 options and futures
contracts.  Similarly as with the variable annuities, there are differences
between the calculation of the economic hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of
the index annuity and index life embedded derivatives, which can lead to
variances in their relative movements. 

 To manage the capital market exposures embedded within the
economic hedge target, we identify and hedge market sensitivities to changes in
equity markets, interest rates, volatility and for variable annuities, credit
spreads.  Each hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities
having sensitivities that offset those in the economic hedge target, within
internally defined threshold levels.  Since the relative movements of the
hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target vary over time or with market
changes, the net exposure can be outside the threshold limits, and adjustments
to the hedging portfolio are made periodically to return the net exposure to
within threshold limits.  

 Our hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments,
including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate
swaps and swaption contracts, as well as other hedging instruments.  In
addition, for variable annuities, we purchase certain fixed income securities
and elect the fair value option as a capital efficient way to manage interest
rate and credit spread exposures.  To minimize counterparty credit risk, the
majority of our derivative instrument hedges are implemented using
exchange-traded futures and options, cleared through global exchanges. Over the
counter derivatives are highly collateralized. 

 The hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to
ensure that the economic hedge target and derivative portfolio are within the
threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedge strategy.  Daily risk
monitoring verifies that the net risk exposures, as measured through
sensitivities to a large set of market shocks, are within the approved net risk
exposure threshold limits.  In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to
determine the program’s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under
an array of combined severe market stresses in equity prices, interest rates,
volatility and credit spreads.  Finally, hedge strategies are reviewed
regularly to gauge their effectiveness in managing our market exposures in the
context of our overall risk appetite. 

 Other BUSINESS Risks 

 Derivative Transactions  

 We
utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure to interest
rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equities and other risks. Credit risk
associated with derivative counterparties exists for a derivative contract when
that contract has a positive fair value to us. The maximum potential exposure
will increase or decrease during the life of the derivative commitments as a
function of maturity and market conditions.  All derivative transactions must
be transacted within counterparty limits that have been approved by ERM. 

 We evaluate
counterparty credit quality by internal analysis consistent with the AIG Credit
Policy.  We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit, guarantees,
collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements and
subordination to reduce the credit risk relating to outstanding financial
derivative transactions. We require credit enhancements in connection with
specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the
counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. Furthermore, we enter into
certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting
provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements. These provisions provide that, in
the case of an early termination of a transaction, we can set off receivables
from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of
all covered transactions. As a result, where a legally enforceable netting
agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty
represents the net sum of estimated fair values. 

 The fair value
of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity and equity swaps, options,
swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and forward contracts reported as
a component of Other Assets, was approximately $1.8 billion at December
31, 2016 and $1.3 billion at December 31, 2015. Where applicable, these
amounts have been determined in accordance with the respective master netting agreements. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            161 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7 |  Enterprise Risk Management 

   

   


 
 The following
table presents the fair value of our derivatives portfolios in asset positions
by internal counterparty credit rating: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
      AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
 
   
      A 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
 
   
      BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,338 
   
  
     
   
  
   767 
   
  
 
   
      Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
 


 See Note 11
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion related to
derivative transactions. 

 LIFE SETTLEMENTS 

 The
major risk for investments in life settlements is longevity risk, which represents
the risk of a change in the carrying value of the contracts arising from actual
mortality rates being lower than the expected mortality rates. This risk could
arise from longer term societal health changes as well as other factors. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              162   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 Glos sary 

 


 Accident
year    The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events occurred,
regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid. 

 Accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted  The
combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted  The loss
ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior
year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Acquisition
ratio  Acquisition costs divided by net
premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire
new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of VOBA
and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to,
commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs and certain costs of
personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting.  

 Base
Spread    Net investment income excluding income from alternative
investments and other enhancements, less interest credited excluding
amortization of sales inducement assets. 

 Base
Yield  Net investment income excluding
income from alternative investments and other enhancements, as a percentage of
average base invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments,
other bond securities and certain other investments for which the fair value
option has been elected. 

 Book
Value Per Common Share Excluding Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI),
Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and Deferred Tax Assets (DTA)
(Adjusted Book Value Per Common Share) and Adjusted Book Value Per Common Share
Including Dividend Growth    are non-GAAP measures and are used to show the amount of
our net worth on a per-share basis.  Book Value
Per Common Share Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’
equity, excluding AOCI, by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted Book Value
Per Common Share is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity,
excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity), by total common shares
outstanding. Adjusted Book Value Per Common Share including Dividend Growth is
derived by dividing Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity, including growth in
quarterly dividends above $0.125 per share to shareholders, by total common
shares outstanding.   

 Casualty
insurance  Insurance that is primarily
associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the
insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result. 

 Combined
ratio  Sum of the loss ratio and the
acquisition and general operating expense ratios. 

 CSA    Credit Support Annex   A legal document generally
associated with an ISDA Master Agreement that provides for collateral postings
which could vary depending on ratings and threshold levels. 

 CVA    Credit Valuation Adjustment   The CVA adjusts the
valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty
with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the CVA reflects the
fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is attributable to credit
movements only, without the impact of other market factors such as interest
rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also accounts for our own
credit risk in the fair value measurement of all derivative net liability
positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the fair value option, when
appropriate.  

 DAC    Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs   Deferred costs
that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new
business or renewal of existing business. 

 DAC
Related to Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments     An adjustment to DAC
for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC amortization that
would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities available for
sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds
reinvested at current yields (also referred to as “shadow DAC”). 

 Deferred
Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance     Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which
an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred
as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of premium paid by the
ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting
gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. Any
related development on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract
would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain
if favorable. 

 Expense
ratio  Sum of acquisition expenses and
general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            163 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 General operating expense ratio  General operating expenses divided by net premiums earned.
General operating expenses are those costs that are generally attributed to the
support infrastructure of the organization and include but are not limited to
personnel costs, projects and bad debt expenses. General operating expenses
exclude losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and
investment expenses. 

 GIC/GIA   Guaranteed Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment
Agreement   A contract whereby the seller provides a guaranteed repayment of
principal and a fixed or floating interest rate for a predetermined period of
time. 

 G-SII    Global Systemically Important Insurer   An insurer
that is deemed globally systemically important (that is, of such size, market
importance and global interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the
insurer would cause significant dislocation in the global financial system and
adverse economic consequences across a range of countries) by the Financial
Stability Board, in consultation with and based on a methodology developed by
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. 

 IBNR    Incurred But Not Reported   Estimates of claims
that have been incurred but not reported to us. 

 ISDA
Master Agreement   An agreement between two
counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other
governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of
all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions. 

 LAE    Loss Adjustment Expenses   The expenses directly
attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not
limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees and the portion of general expenses
allocated to claim settlement costs.  

 Life
Insurance Companies  include the following
major operating companies: American General Life Insurance Company (American
General Life), The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC) and The
United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S. Life). 

 Loss
Ratio  Losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred divided by net premiums earned.  

 Loss
reserve development   The increase or
decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to prior years    as a result of the
re-estimation of loss reserves at successive valuation dates for a given group
of claims. 

 Loss
reserves   Liability for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling claims
relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet
date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date. 

 LTV    Loan-to-Value Ratio   Principal amount of loan
amount divided by appraised value of collateral securing the loan. 

 Master
netting agreement   An agreement between
two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that
provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by such agreement, as
well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in
the event of default on or upon termination of any one such contract. 

 Natural
catastrophe losses    are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact
on AIG in excess of $10 million each.   Catastrophes also include certain
man-made events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10
million threshold. 

 Net
premiums written   Represent the sales of
an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given
period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk
during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance for a
sales period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a
coverage period. 

 Nonbank
SIFI    Nonbank Systemically Important
Financial Institutions   Financial institutions are deemed nonbank
systemically important (that is, the failure of the financial institution could
pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States) by the Financial
Stability Oversight Council based on a three-stage analytical process. 

 Noncontrolling
interest   The portion of equity ownership
in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent
company. 

 Operating
revenue    excludes Net realized capital gains (losses), income from
non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP
purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes). 

 Policy
fees   An amount added to a policy premium,
or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder account, to reflect the
cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required records, sending premium
notices and other related expenses. 

 Pool
  A reinsurance arrangement whereby all of
the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by
each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage.  


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  164   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Glossary   

   

   


 
 Premiums and deposits – Institutional Markets  include direct and assumed amounts received and earned on
group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, and deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts, including GICs. 

 Premiums
and deposits – Individual Retirement and Group Retirement and – Life Insurance  include direct and assumed amounts received on traditional
life insurance policies and group benefit policies, and deposits on
life-contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal
life, investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds. 

 Prior
year development  See Loss
reserve development . 

 Property
Casualty Insurance Companies  include the
following major operating companies: National Union Fire Insurance Company of
Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union); American Home Assurance Company (American
Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); Fuji Fire and Marine Insurance
Company Limited (Fuji Fire); American Home Assurance Company, Ltd. (American
Home Japan); AIU Insurance Company, Ltd. (AIUI Japan); AIG Asia Pacific
Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; and AIG Europe Limited. 

 RBC   Risk-Based Capital   A
formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus
compared to the risks inherent in its business. 

 Reinstatement
premium   Additional premiums payable to
reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a result of
reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties. 

 Reinsurance   The practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in
consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another
insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding
company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has
issued. 

 Retroactive
Reinsurance   S ee Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance. 

 Return
on Equity – After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Return
on Equity)    is a non-GAAP measure and is used to show the rate of
return on shareholders’ equity. Adjusted Return on Equity is derived by
dividing actual or annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by
average Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity.  

 Salvage     The amount that can be recovered by an insurer for the sale
of damaged goods for which a policyholder has been indemnified (and to which
title was transferred). 

 Severe
losses   Individual non-catastrophe first
party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related
reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.  Severe losses include claims related
to satellite explosions, plane crashes, and shipwrecks. 

 SIA    Sales Inducement Asset   Represents enhanced
crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders on certain annuity and
investment contract products that meet the criteria to be deferred and
amortized over the life of the contract. 

 Solvency
II     Legislation
in the European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency
framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance
requirements, risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II
Directive (2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and became effective
on January 1, 2016. 

 Subrogation
    The
amount of recovery for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a
negligent third party or such party’s insurer.    

 Surrender
charge   A charge levied against an
investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity
contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.  

 Surrender
rate  represents annualized surrenders and
withdrawals as a percentage of average reserves and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets under administration. 

 Unearned
premium reserve     Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to
reflect unearned premiums, which are usually refundable to policyholders if an
insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the
contract term. 

 VOBA   Value of Business Acquired  Present value of projected
future gross profits from in-force policies of acquired businesses. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            165 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Acronyms   

   

   


 
 Acro ny ms 

 


 
  
   
   A&H 
  Accident and Health Insurance 
   
  
   GMWB  
  Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits 
   
  
 
   
   ABS  
  Asset-Backed Securities 
   
  
   ISDA  
  International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   CDO 
   Collateralized Debt Obligations 
   
  
   Moody's 
  Moody's Investors’ Service Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   CDS  
  Credit Default Swap 
   
  
   NAIC  
  National Association of Insurance Commissioners 
   
  
 
   
   CMA  
  Capital Maintenance Agreement 
   
  
   NM  
  Not Meaningful 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS  
  Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
   OTC 
  Over-the-Counter 
   
  
 
   
   EGPs  
  Estimated gross profits 
   
  
   OTTI  
  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
   
  
 
   
   FASB  
  Financial Accounting Standards Board 
   
  
   RMBS  
  Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
 
   
   FRBNY  
  Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   S&P  
  Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC 
   
  
 
   
   GAAP 
   Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
   
  
   SEC  
  Securities and Exchange Commission 
   
  
 
   
   GMDB  
  Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits 
   
  
   URR  
  Unearned revenue reserve 
   
  
 
   
   GMIB  
  Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits 
   
  
   VIE  
  Variable Interest Entity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


    








 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              166   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 7A
|  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk   

   


 
 ITEM 7A |  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk    

 The
information required by this item is set forth in the Enterprise Risk
Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by
reference. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            167 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 Part
II 

 


 ITEM 8 |  Fin ancial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

 American International Group, Inc.  

 Reference to Financial
Statements and Schedules 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Report of Independent Registered
  Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   169   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
   170   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
   171   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31,
  2016, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
   172   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
   173  
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
   174  
   
  
 
   
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 1. 
   
  
   Basis of Presentation 
   
  
   176 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 2 . 
   
  
   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
   
  
   178 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 3. 
   
  
   Segment
  Information 
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 4. 
   
  
   Held-for-Sale Classification 
   
  
   189 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 5. 
   
  
   Fair Value Measurements 
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 6. 
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
   211 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 7. 
   
  
   Lending Activities 
   
  
   224 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 8. 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   227 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 9. 
   
  
   Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
   
  
   229 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 10. 
   
  
   Variable Interest Entities 
   
  
   231 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 11. 
   
  
   Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 12. 
   
  
   Goodwill 
   
  
   237 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 13 . 
   
  
   Insurance
  Liabilities 
   
  
   239 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 14. 
   
  
   Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 
   
  
   261 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 15. 
   
  
   Debt 
    
   
  
   263 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 16. 
   
  
   Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 
   
  
   265 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 17 . 
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
   269 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 18. 
   
  
   Earnings Per
  Share 
   
  
   273 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 19. 
   
  
   Statutory Financial Data and
  Restrictions 
   
  
   274 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 20. 
   
  
   Share-based and Other Compensation
  Plans 
   
  
   276 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 21. 
   
  
   Employee Benefits 
   
  
   278 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 22. 
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
   286 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 23 . 
   
  
   Income Taxes 
   
  
   286 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 24. 
   
  
   Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 
   
  
   292 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 25. 
   
  
   Information Provided in Connection
  With Outstanding Debt 
   
  
   293 
   
  
 
   
   NOTE 26 
   
  
   Subsequent
  Events 
   
  
   300 
   
  
 
   
   Schedules 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE I 
   
  
   Summary of
  Investments — Other than Investments in Related Parties at December 31, 2016 
   
  
   311 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  II 
   
  
   Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant at December 31, 2016 and 2015 and for the
  years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
   312 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  III 
   
  
   Supplementary
  Insurance Information at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and for the years
  then ended 
   
  
   316 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE
  IV 
   
  
   Reinsurance
  at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   SCHEDULE V 
   
  
   Valuation
  and Qualifying Accounts at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and for the years
  then ended 
   
  
   318 
   
  
 
     
    
    
  
 


   

    








 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              168   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8  |    Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   


 
 Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 


 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
American International Group, Inc.: 

 In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of American
International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (AIG) at December 31, 2016
and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In
addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the
accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the information set
forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial
statements. Also in our opinion, AIG maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2016, based on criteria established in the  Internal Control —
Integrated Framework 2013  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). AIG’s management is
responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules,
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
appearing under Item 9A in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the
financial statement schedules, and on AIG’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial
statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinions. 

 A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New
York 

 February 23,
2017 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            169 

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet s 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except for share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value
  (amortized cost: 2016 - $232,241; 2015 - $240,968) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value (See
  Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for
  sale, at fair value (cost: 2016 - $1,697; 2015 - $1,379) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
 
   
   Other common and preferred stock, at fair
  value (See Note 6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance (portion measured at fair value: 2016 - $11; 2015 - $11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,240 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,565 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets (portion measured
  at fair value: 2016 - $6,946; 2015 - $8,912) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,794 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments (portion measured
  at fair value: 2016 - $3,341; 2015 - $2,591) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   328,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
   Accrued investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,495 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,623 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and other receivables, net of
  allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,451 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,901 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,413 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,394 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets, including restricted cash
  of $193 in 2016 and $170 in 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,815 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,289 
   
  
 
   
   (portion measured at fair value: 2016 -
  $1,809; 2015 - $1,309) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Separate account assets, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,574 
   
  
 
   
   Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
 
   
   Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,318 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and
  accident and health insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,204 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,585 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits (portion
  measured at fair value: 2016 - $3,058; 2015 - $2,325) 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   127,588 
   
  
 
   
   Other policyholder funds (portion
  measured at fair value: 2016 - $5; 2015 - $6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,989 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,212 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (portion measured at
  fair value: 2016 - $2,016; 2015 - $2,082) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,164 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (portion measured at fair
  value: 2016 - $3,428; 2015 - $3,670) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,574 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   421,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   406,632 
   
  
 
   
   Contingencies, commitments and
  guarantees (see Note 16) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock, $2.50 par value;
  5,000,000,000 shares authorized; shares issued: 2016 - 1,906,671,492 and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 - 1,906,671,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock, at cost; 2016 -
  911,335,651; 2015 - 712,754,875 shares of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,471) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
 


 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  170   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of I ncome 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,732 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (458) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
 
   
   Portion of other-than-temporary
  impairments on available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   fixed maturity securities recognized in
  Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
 
   
   Net other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities recognized in net income
  (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (487) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (591) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
 
   
   Other realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,457) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   956 
   
  
 
   
   Total net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
 
   
      Other income  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,437 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder
  account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,989 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of properties and
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing
  operations before income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (391) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
  net of income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG
  common shareholders 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share
  attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299,825,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427,959,799 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334,464,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.81 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            171 

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (Loss) 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net
  of tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) of fixed maturity securities on  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         which other-than-temporary credit
  impairments were recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) of all other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency translation
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in retirement plan liabilities
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,864) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,781 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  172   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   redeemable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additional 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid-in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retained 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   holders' 
   
  
     
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1, 2014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,520) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,965 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   611 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   Net decrease due to deconsolidation 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisition and
  consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   574 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   552 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Current and deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisitions and
  consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (570) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (570) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (41,471) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,064 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,711 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
 


 See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            173 

 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 


 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
      (Income) loss from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
      Adjustments to reconcile net income
  (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Noncash revenues, expenses, gains
  and losses included in income (loss): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net gains on sales of securities
  available for sale and other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,033) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (764) 
   
  
 
   
         Net (gains) losses on sales of
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
 
   
         Losses on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
 
   
         Unrealized (gains) losses in
  earnings – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,239) 
   
  
 
   
         Equity in income from equity method
  investments, net of dividends or distributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,394) 
   
  
 
   
         Depreciation and other amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,448 
   
  
 
   
         Impairments of assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
 
   
      Changes in operating assets and
  liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,281) 
   
  
 
   
         Premiums and other receivables and
  payables – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
 
   
         Reinsurance assets and funds held
  under reinsurance treaties 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,804) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,872 
   
  
 
   
         Capitalization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,880) 
   
  
 
   
         Current and deferred income taxes –
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
 
   
         Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,967) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,034) 
   
  
 
   
         Total adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,567) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales or distribution of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,721 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,526 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,930 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,884 
   
  
 
   
         Divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
 
   
      Maturities of fixed maturity
  securities available for sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,560 
   
  
 
   
      Principal payments received on and
  sales of mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,856 
   
  
 
   
      Purchases of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54,978) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48,848) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45,552) 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (935) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,704) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (472) 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,421) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,573) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,078) 
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,651) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,008) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,760 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,020) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,829 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,041) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,619) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,110) 
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,420) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 


 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  174   

 



 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS   


 
 American International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 


 
  
   
   Supplementary Disclosure of
  Consolidated Cash Flow Information 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,367 
   
  
 
   
      Taxes 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   511 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   737 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash investing/financing
  activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder
  contract deposits included in financing activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,430 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,676 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,904 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of ILFC 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,586 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of AerCap 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   500 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of UGC 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 









 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            175 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 1. Basis of Presentation 

 


 American
International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization
serving customers in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies
serve commercial and individual customers through one of the most extensive
worldwide property‑casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG
companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in
the United States. AIG Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common
Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo
Stock Exchange. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,”
“us” or “our” mean American International Group, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries and the term “AIG Parent” means American International Group, Inc.
and not any of its consolidated subsidiaries. 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of AIG Parent, our controlled subsidiaries (generally through a greater than
50 percent ownership of voting rights and voting interests), and variable interest
entities (VIEs) of which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity investments in
entities that we do not consolidate, including corporate entities in which we
have significant influence and partnership and partnership-like entities in
which we have more than minor influence over the operating and financial
policies, are accounted for under the equity method unless we have elected the
fair value option. 

 Certain of our foreign subsidiaries included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements report on different fiscal-period bases. The
effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations of all
material events occurring at these subsidiaries through the date of each of the
periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements has been
considered for adjustment and/or disclosure.  

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated. 

 Sales of Businesses 

 NSM 

 On August 31,
2016, we sold our controlling interest in NSM Insurance Group (NSM), a managing
general agent to ABRY Partners, a private equity firm, for consideration of
$201 million resulting in a pre-tax gain of approximately $105 million in the
third quarter of 2016. We retained an equity interest in a newly formed joint
venture and will continue to provide underwriting capacity to NSM. We also
retained exclusive renewal rights for certain business written through NSM.  

 Ascot 

 On September 16, 2016, we entered into an
agreement to sell our 20 percent interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd.
and our 100 percent interest in the related syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot
Corporate Name Ltd. to Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB). Total
consideration for the transaction was $1.1 billion resulting in a pre-tax gain
of approximately $162 million attributable to AIG’s controlling interest,
inclusive of CPPIB’s recapitalization of Syndicate 1414’s Funds at Lloyd’s
(FAL) capital requirements. The transaction closed on November 18, 2016, and we
received approximately $244 million in net cash proceeds. 

 Korea Fund 

 On November 17, 2016, an AIG sponsored Fund (the
Korea Fund), completed the sale of mixed-use commercial complex in Seoul, South
Korea commonly known as the Seoul International Finance Center to Brookfield
Properties for a total consideration of $2.5 billion,  of which $1.2 billion was used to repay the fund’s debt.
 The sale resulted in a  pr e- ta x g a in
  ☐  f  $1. 1
 b i ll i  ☐  n    incl u de d
in  Othe r  Income, of which  $464 million was attributable to AIG’s controlling
interest .    

 United Guaranty 

 On December 31, 2016, we sold our 100 percent
interest in United Guaranty Corporation (UGC) and certain related affiliates to
Arch Capital Group Ltd. (Arch) for total consideration of $3.3 billion,
consisting of $2.2 billion of cash and approximately $1.1 billion of newly
issued Arch convertible non-voting common-equivalent preferred stock  and reported a pre-tax gain of approximately $697
million . We also received $261 million in pre-closing dividends from UGC
in the fourth quarter of 2016.  

 Concurrent with the closing, we entered into
reinsurance agreements with Arch, including an amended and restated 50 percent
quota share reinsurance agreement and an aggregate excess of loss reinsurance
agreement, pursuant to which we will continue to be exposed to certain UGC
policies written between 2009 and 2016. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              176   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 In addition, see Note 4
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
expected sales of businesses that are classified as held-for-sale. 

 ILFC 

 On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of 100
percent of the common stock of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC)
to AerCap Ireland Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of AerCap Holdings N.V.
(AerCap), in exchange for total consideration of approximately $7.6 billion,
including cash and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares (the AerCap
Transaction). The total value of the consideration was based in part on
AerCap’s closing price per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014. ILFC’s results of
operations are reflected in Aircraft leasing revenue and Aircraft leasing
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) through the date of
the completion of the sale.  

 In June 2015, we sold 86.9 million ordinary shares of AerCap
by means of an underwritten public offering of 71.2 million ordinary shares and
a private sale of 15.7 million ordinary shares to AerCap. We received cash
proceeds of approximately $3.7 billion, reflecting proceeds of approximately
$3.4 billion from the underwritten offering and cash proceeds of $250 million
from the private sale of shares to AerCap. In connection with the closing of
the private sale of shares to AerCap, we also received $500 million of 6.50%
fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated notes issued by AerCap Global
Aviation Trust and guaranteed by AerCap and certain of its
subsidiaries. These notes, included in Bonds available for sale, mature in
2045 and are callable beginning in 2025.  We accounted for our interest in
AerCap using the equity method of accounting through the date of the June 2015
sale, and as available for sale thereafter.  In August 2015, we sold our
remaining 10.7 million ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten
public offering and received proceeds of approximately $500 million.  

 Use of
Estimates 

 The preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the application of
accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment.
Accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of
estimates and assumptions are considered our critical accounting estimates and
are related to the determination of: 

 •       income
tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net deferred tax
asset and the predictability of future tax operating profitability of the
character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset; 

 •       liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (loss reserves); 

 •       reinsurance
assets; 

 •       valuation
of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of loss recognition; 

 •       valuation
of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity products; 

 •       estimated
gross profits to value deferred policy acquisition costs for
investment-oriented products; 

 •       impairment
charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale
securities, impairments on other invested assets, including investments in life
settlements, and goodwill impairment; 

 •       liability
for legal contingencies; and 

 •       fair
value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities. 

 These accounting estimates require the use of
assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of
estimation. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used,
our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be materially affected. 

 Out
of Period Adjustments 

 For the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded out of
period adjustments relating to prior years that increased Net loss attributable
to AIG by $174 million, increased Loss from continuing operations before income
taxes by $57 million and decreased pre-tax operating income by $6 million.  The
out of period adjustments are primarily related to income tax liabilities and
ceded loss adjustment expenses.  Had these adjustments, which were determined
not to be material, been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net Income
attributable to AIG for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 would have
decreased by $67 million and $12 million, respectively. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                              177 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    1. Basis of Presentation 

   


 
 For
the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded out of period adjustments
relating to prior years that decreased Net income attributable to AIG by $156
million, decreased Income from continuing operations before income taxes by
$376 million and decreased pre-tax operating income by $235 million. The out of
period adjustments are primarily related to impairments of Other invested
assets and changes in loss reserves and income tax liabilities. Had these
adjustments, which were determined not to be material, been recorded in their
appropriate periods, Net income attributable to AIG for the year ended December
31, 2014 would have decreased by $51 million. 








 

 2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies 

 


 The following
table identifies our significant accounting policies presented in other Notes
to these Consolidated Financial Statements, with a reference to the Note where
a detailed description can be found: 

   








 Note 6.   Investments  

 •       Fixed
maturity and equity securities 

 •       Other
invested assets 

 •       Short-term
investments 

 •       Net
investment income 

 •       Net
realized capital gains (losses) 

 •       Other-than-temporary
impairments 

 Note 7.   Lending
Activities 

 •       Mortgage
and other loans receivable – net of allowance 

 Note 8.   Reinsurance  

 •       Reinsurance
assets – net of allowance 

 Note 9.   Deferred
Policy Acquisition Costs 

 •       Deferred
policy acquisition costs 

 •       Amortization
of deferred policy acquisition costs 

 Note 10.   Variable
Interest Entities 

 


 Note 11.   Derivatives
and Hedge Accounting 

 •       Derivative
assets and liabilities, at fair value 

 Note 12.   Goodwill  

 Note 13.   Insurance
Liabilities 

 •       Liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

 •       Discounting
of reserves 

 •       Future
policy benefits 

 •       Policyholder
contract deposits 

 •       Other
policyholder funds 

 Note 14.   Variable
Life and Annuity   Contracts  

 Note 15.  Debt 

 •       Long-term
debt 

 Note 16.   Contingencies,
Commitments and Guarantees 

 •       Legal
contingencies 

 Note 18.   Earnings
Per Share 

 Note 23.   Income
Taxes 

   








 Other significant
accounting policies 

 Premiums  for
short-duration contracts are recorded as written on the inception date of the
policy. Premiums are earned primarily on a pro rata basis over the term of the
related coverage. Sales of extended services contracts are reflected as
premiums written and earned on a pro rata basis over the term of the related
coverage.  In addition, certain miscellaneous income is included as premiums
written and earned. The reserve for unearned premiums includes the portion of
premiums written relating to the unexpired terms of coverage. Reinsurance
premiums are typically earned over the same period as the underlying policies
or risks covered by the contract.   As a result, the earnings pattern of a
reinsurance contract may extend up to 24 months, reflecting the inception dates
of the underlying policies throughout the year. 

 Reinsurance premiums ceded are recognized as a
reduction in revenues over the period the reinsurance coverage is provided in
proportion to the risks to which the premiums relate. 

 Premiums for long-duration insurance products and life
contingent annuities are recognized as revenues when due. Estimates for
premiums due but not yet collected are accrued.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              178   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Policy
fees  represent fees recognized from
universal life and investment-type products consisting of policy charges for
the cost of insurance, policy administration charges, surrender charges and
amortization of unearned revenue reserves. Policy fees are recognized as
revenues in the period in which they are assessed against policyholders, unless
the fees are designed to compensate AIG for services to be provided in the
future.  Fees deferred as unearned revenue are amortized in relation to
the incidence of expected gross profits to be realized over the estimated lives
of the contracts, similar to DAC. 

 Aircraft leasing revenue  from flight equipment under operating leases, through
May 14, 2014, the date of disposal of ILFC, was recognized over the life of the
leases as rental payments became receivable under the provisions of the leases
or, in the case of leases with varying payments, under the straight-line method
over the noncancelable term of the leases. In certain cases, leases provided
for additional payments contingent on usage. In those cases, rental revenue was
recognized at the time such usage occurred, net of estimated future contractual
aircraft maintenance reimbursements. Gains on sales of flight equipment were
recognized when flight equipment was sold and the risk of ownership of the
equipment passed to the new owner. 

 Other income  includes advisory fee income from the Consumer
Insurance broker dealer business, as well as legal recoveries of $44 million,
$94 million and $804 million from legacy crisis and other matters in 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively. 

 Other income from our Other Operations category
consists of the following: 

 ·        Changes in fair value relating to financial assets and
liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected. 

 ·        Interest income and related expenses, including
amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on bonds with changes in
the timing and the amount of expected principal and interest cash flows
reflected in the yield, as applicable. 

 ·        Dividend income from common and preferred stock and
earnings distributions from other investments. 

 ·        Changes in the fair value of other securities sold but
not yet purchased, futures, hybrid financial instruments, securities purchased
under agreements to resell, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

 ·        Income earned on real estate based investments and
related realized gains and losses from sales, property level impairments and
financing costs. 

 ·        Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign
currency transactions. 

 ·        Earnings from private equity funds and hedge fund
investments accounted for under the equity method. 

 ·        Changes in the fair value of derivatives at AIG
Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively AIGFP). 

 Aircraft
leasing expenses  through May 14, 2014,
the date of disposal of ILFC, consisted of ILFC interest expense, depreciation
expense, impairment charges, fair value adjustments and lease-related charges
on aircraft as well as selling, general and administrative expenses and other
expenses incurred by ILFC. 

 Cash  represents
cash on hand and non-interest-bearing demand deposits. 

 Short-term investments  consist of interest‑bearing cash equivalents, time deposits,
securities purchased under agreements to resell, and investments, such as
commercial paper, with original maturities within one year from the date of
purchase. 

 Premiums and other receivables – net of
allowance  include premium balances
receivable, amounts due from agents and brokers and policyholders, trade
receivables for the Direct Investment book (DIB) and Global Capital Markets
(GCM) and other receivables. Trade receivables for GCM include cash collateral
posted to derivative counterparties that is not eligible to be netted against
derivative liabilities. The allowance for doubtful accounts on premiums and
other receivables was $279 million and $333 million at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 Other assets 
consist of sales inducement assets, prepaid expenses, deposits, other deferred
charges, real estate, other fixed assets, capitalized software costs, goodwill,
intangible assets other than goodwill, restricted cash and derivative assets. 

 We offer sales inducements which include enhanced
crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders (bonus interest) on
certain annuity and investment contract products. Sales inducements provided to
the contract holder are recognized in Policyholder contract deposits in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts are deferred and amortized over the
life of the contract using the same methodology and assumptions used to
amortize DAC (see Note 9 herein). To qualify for such accounting treatment, the
bonus interest must be explicitly identified in the contract at inception. We
must also demonstrate that such amounts are incremental to amounts we credit on
similar contracts without bonus interest, and are higher than the contract’s
expected ongoing crediting rates for periods after the bonus period. The
deferred bonus interest and other deferred sales inducement assets totaled
$808 million and $845 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The amortization expense associated with these assets is reported
within Interest credited to policyholder account balances in the Consolidated
Statements of Income. Such amortization expense totaled $77 million,
$88 million and $63 million for the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            179 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 The cost of buildings and
furniture and equipment is depreciated principally on the straight-line basis
over their estimated useful lives (maximum of 40 years for buildings and 10
years for furniture and equipment). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs
are charged to income as incurred and expenditures for improvements are
capitalized and depreciated. We periodically assess the carrying amount of our
real estate for purposes of determining any asset impairment. Capitalized
software costs, which represent costs directly related to obtaining, developing
or upgrading internal use software, are capitalized and amortized using the
straight-line method over a period generally not exceeding five years. Real
estate, fixed assets and other long-lived assets are assessed for impairment
when impairment indicators exist. 

 Separate accounts  represent
funds for which investment income and investment gains and losses accrue
directly to the policyholders who bear the investment risk. Each account has
specific investment objectives and the assets are carried at fair value. The
assets of each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims
that arise from any of our other businesses. The liabilities for these accounts
are equal to the account assets. Separate accounts may also include deposits
for funds held under stable value wrap funding agreements, although the
majority of stable value wrap sales are measured based on the notional amount
included in assets under management and do not include the receipt of funds.
For a more detailed discussion of separate accounts, see Note 14 herein. 

 Other liabilities  consist of
other funds on deposit, other payables, securities sold under agreements to
repurchase, securities sold but not yet purchased and derivative liabilities.
We have entered into certain insurance and reinsurance contracts, primarily in
our Property Casualty Insurance Companies, that do not contain sufficient
insurance risk to be accounted for as insurance or reinsurance. Accordingly,
the premiums received on such contracts, after deduction for certain related
expenses, are recorded as deposits within Other liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Net proceeds of these deposits are invested and generate Net
investment income. As amounts are paid, consistent with the underlying
contracts, the deposit liability is reduced. Also included in Other liabilities
are trade payables for the DIB and GCM, which include option premiums received
and payables to counterparties that relate to unrealized gains and losses on
futures, forwards, and options and balances due to clearing brokers and
exchanges. Trade payables for GCM also include cash collateral received from
derivative counterparties that contractually cannot be netted against
derivative assets. 

 Securities sold
but not yet purchased represent sales of securities not owned at the time of
sale. The obligations arising from such transactions are recorded on a
trade-date basis and carried at fair value. Fair values of securities sold but
not yet purchased are based on current market prices.   

 Foreign currency:   Financial
statement accounts expressed in foreign currencies are translated into
U.S. dollars. Functional currency assets and liabilities are translated
into U.S. dollars generally using rates of exchange prevailing at the
balance sheet date of each respective subsidiary and the related translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of any related taxes, in Total AIG shareholders’
equity. Income statement accounts expressed in functional currencies are
translated using average exchange rates during the period. Functional
currencies are generally the currencies of the local operating environment.
Financial statement accounts expressed in currencies other than the functional
currency of a consolidated entity are remeasured into that entity’s functional
currency resulting in exchange gains or losses recorded in income. The
adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign
entities operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in income.  

 Non-redeemable
noncontrolling interest  is the portion of
equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly,
to a parent. 

 Accounting Standards Adopted During 2016 

 Accounting for Share-Based Payments with Performance Targets 

 In June 2014,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies the accounting for
share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance
target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The standard
requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be
achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance
condition. 

 We adopted the
standard prospectively on its required effective date of January 1, 2016. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows .   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              180   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Measuring the
Financial Assets and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated Collateralized
Financing Entity 

 In August 2014,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that allows a reporting entity to
measure the financial assets and financial liabilities of a qualifying
consolidated collateralized financing entity using the fair value of either its
financial assets or financial liabilities, whichever is more observable. 

 We adopted the
standard retrospectively on its required effective date of January 1, 2016. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.   

 Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis 

 In February
2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard that affects reporting entities
that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal
entities. Specifically, the amendments modify the evaluation of whether limited
partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities (VIEs)
or voting interest entities; eliminate the presumption that a general partner
should consolidate a limited partnership; affect the consolidation analysis of
reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have
fee arrangements and related party relationships; and provide a scope exception
from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in legal
entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with
requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company
Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. 

 We adopted the
standard prospectively on its required effective date of January 1, 2016. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Customer’s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement 

 In April 2015,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance to customers
about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a
cloud computing arrangement includes a software license the customer should
account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the
acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does
not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement
as a service contract. The guidance does not change generally accepted
accounting principles applicable to a customer's accounting for service
contracts.  Consequently, all software licenses will be accounted for
consistent with other licenses of intangible assets. 

 We adopted the
standard prospectively on its required effective date of January 1, 2016. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows .  

 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs 

 In April 2015,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that amends the guidance for debt
issuance costs by requiring such costs to be presented as a deduction to the
corresponding debt liability, rather than as an asset, and for the amortization
of such costs to be reported as interest expense.  The amendments are
intended to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs and make it
consistent with the presentation of debt discounts or premiums. The amendments,
however, do not change the recognition and measurement guidance applicable to
debt issuance costs.  

 We adopted the
standard retrospectively on its required effective date of January 1,
2016.  Because the new standard did not affect accounting recognition or
measurement of debt issuance costs, the adoption of the standard did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.   

 Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset
Value per Share (or its Equivalent) 

 In May 2015, the
FASB amended standard on fair value disclosures for investments for which fair
value is measured using the net asset value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent)
as a practical expedient.  The amendment s  
in this update remove the requirement to categorize within the fair value
hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the NAV per
share practical expedient.  In addition, the amendment removes the
requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible
to be measured at fair value using the NAV per share as a practical
expedient.   

 We adopted the
standard retrospectively on its required effective date of January 1,
2016.  The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            181 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Short Duration
Insurance Contracts 

 In May 2015, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that requires additional disclosures for
short-duration insurance contracts. New disclosures about the liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses  and net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses  are now required (including accident year information).
The annual disclosures by accident year include: disaggregated net incurred and
paid claims development tables segregated by business type (not required to
exceed 10 years), reconciliation of total net reserves included in development
tables to the reported liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses, incurred but not reported (IBNR) information, quantitative
information and a qualitative description about claim frequency, and the
average annual percentage payout of incurred claims. Further, the new standard
requires, when applicable, disclosures about discounting liabilities for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses and significant changes and reasons for
changes in methodologies and assumptions used to determine unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses.   

 We adopted this
standard on its required effective date of December 31, 2016. The required
disclosures, reflected in Note 13, did not have any effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, the roll
forward of the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
currently disclosed in the annual financial statements will be disclosed as
required for interim periods beginning in the first quarter of 2017. 

 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern 

 In August 2014,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires management to evaluate and
disclose if there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about
an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern even if the entity’s
liquidation is not imminent.  In those situations, financial statements should
continue to be prepared under the going concern basis of accounting, but this
new standard requires an evaluation to determine whether to disclose
information about the relevant conditions and events.  Currently under U.S.
GAAP there is no guidance about management’s responsibility under this
standard.  U.S. auditing standards and federal securities law require that an
auditor evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity’s ability
to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time not to exceed
one year beyond the date of the financial statements being audited.   

 We adopted the
standard on its required effective date of December 31, 2016.  The
adoption of this standard did not have an effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting 

 In March 2016,
the FASB issued a standard that simplifies several aspects of the accounting
for share-based compensation, including the accounting for income taxes,
forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as
classification on the statement of cash flows.  The standard is effective for
interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with
early adoption permitted.   

 We elected early-adoption
of the Standard, effective January 1, 2016.  The adoption of this standard did
not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows.       

 Future Application of Accounting Standards 

 Revenue Recognition 

 In May 2014, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that supersedes most existing revenue
recognition guidance. The standard excludes from its scope the accounting for
insurance contracts, leases, financial instruments, and certain other
agreements that are governed under other GAAP guidance, but could affect the
revenue recognition for certain of our other activities. 

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2018 and may be applied retrospectively or through a
cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at the date of adoption.
Early adoption is permitted as of January 1, 2017, including interim periods.
We are currently evaluating the impact to our revenue sources that are in scope
of the standard. However, as the majority of our revenue sources are not in
scope of the standard, we do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a
material effect on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows .  

 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

 In January 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require equity investments
that do not follow the equity method of accounting or are not subject to
consolidation to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in earnings, while financial liabilities for which fair value option
accounting has been elected, changes in fair value due to instrument-specific
credit risk will be presented separately in other comprehensive income. The
standard allows the election to record equity investments without readily
determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, adjusted for subsequent
observable price changes with changes in the  
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              182   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 carrying
value of the equity investments recorded in earnings. The standard also updates
certain fair value disclosure requirements for financial instruments carried at
amortized cost. 

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2018, with early adoption of certain provisions
permitted.  We are assessing the impact of the standard on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Leases 

 In February
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require lessees with
lease terms of more than 12 months to recognize a right of use asset and a
corresponding lease liability on their balance sheets. For income statement
purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as
either operating leases or finance leases. 

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted using a modified
retrospective approach. We are assessing the impact of the standard on our
reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. We are currently quantifying the expected gross up of our balance sheet
for a right to use asset and a lease liability as required by the standard. 

 Derivative Contract Novations 

 In March 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies that a change in the
counterparty (novation) to a derivative instrument that has been designated as
a hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require de-designation of that
hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue
to be met.   

 We will adopt
the standard on its January 1, 2017 effective date, and do not expect the
adoption of the standard will have a material effect on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments 

 In March 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies the requirements for
assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment
of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt
hosts. The standard requires an evaluation of embedded call (put) options
solely on a four-step decision sequence that requires an entity to consider
whether (1) the amount paid upon settlement is adjusted based on changes in an
index, (2) the amount paid upon settlement is indexed to an underlying other
than interest rates or credit risk, (3) the debt involves a substantial premium
or discount and (4) the put or call option is contingently exercisable. 

 We will adopt
the standard on its January 1, 2017 effective date, and do not expect the
adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our reported consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting 

 In March 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that eliminates the requirement that
when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an
increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor
must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings
retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in
effect during all previous periods during which the investment had been held. 

 We will adopt
the standard on its January 1, 2017 effective date, and do not expect the
adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our reported consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses 

 In June 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will change how entities account
for credit losses for most financial assets.  The standard will replace
the existing incurred loss impairment model with a new “current expected credit
loss model” and will apply to financial assets subject to credit losses, those
measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet credit
exposures.  The impairment for available-for-sale debt securities will be
measured in a similar manner, except that losses will be recognized as
allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the
securities.  The standard will also require additional information to be
disclosed in the footnotes. 

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted on January 1,
2019.  We are assessing the impact of the standard on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, but we
expect an increase in our allowances for credit losses.  The amount of the
increase will be impacted by our portfolio composition and quality at the
adoption date as well as economic conditions and forecasts at that time. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            183 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS     

   

 ITEM 8 |   Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

   


 
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments 

 In August 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that addresses diversity in how certain
cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. The amendments provide clarity on the treatment of eight
specifically defined types of cash inflows and outflows. The standard is
effective on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted as long as all
amendments are included in the same period.  

 The standard
addresses presentation in the Statement of Cash Flows only and will have no
effect on our reported consolidated financial condition or results of
operations. 

 Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory 

 In October 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require an entity to recognize
the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than
inventory when the transfer occurs, rather than when the asset is sold to a
third party.  

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted.  We are
assessing the impact of the standard on our reported consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.     

 Interest Held through Related Parties that are under Common Control 

 In October 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that amends the consolidation analysis
for a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE.  The new
guidance will require the decision maker’s evaluation of its interests held
through related parties that are under common control on a proportionate basis
(rather than in their entirety) when determining whether it is the primary
beneficiary of that VIE.  The amendment does not change the
characteristics of a primary beneficiary. 

 We will adopt
the standard on its January 1, 2017 effective date, and do not expect the
impact of the standard to have a material effect on our reported consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.     

 Restricted Cash 

 In November
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance on the
presentation of restricted cash in the Statement of Cash Flows.  Entities
will be required to explain the changes during a reporting period in the total
of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash
or restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows.   

 The standard is
effective on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The standard
addresses presentation of restricted cash in the Statement of Cash Flows only
and will have no effect on our reported consolidated financial condition or
results of operations. 

 Clarifying the Definition of a Business 

 In January 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that changes the definition of a
business to assist entities with evaluating when a set of transferred assets
and activities is a business. The new standard will require an entity to
evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
(or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of
similar assets; if so, the set of transferred assets and activities is not a
business.  At a minimum, a set must include an input and a substantive
process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
output.   

 The standard is effective
on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are assessing the impact
of early-adopting the standard on our reported consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.  Because the standard requires
prospective adoption, the impact is dependent on future acquisitions and
dispositions.         



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              184   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 3. Segment Information 

 


 We report our results of
operations consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision
makers review the business to assess performance and allocate resources. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2016, we finalized
our plan to reorganize our operating model into “modular”, more self-contained
business units. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2016, we reported our results as
follows: 

 ·        Commercial
Insurance business included our Property Casualty operating segment; 

 ·        Consumer
Insurance business included our Retirement, Life and Personal Insurance
operating segments 

 ·        Corporate
and Other category consisted of businesses and items not allocated to our
operating segments, including United Guaranty and Institutional Markets. 

 We now report our results of operations as
follows: 

 Commercial Insurance 

 Commercial Insurance business is presented as
two operating segments: 

 ·        Liability and Financial Lines   —
Liability products include general liability, environmental, commercial
automobile liability, workers’ compensation, excess casualty and crisis
management insurance products. Liability also includes risk-sharing and other
customized structured programs for large corporate and multinational customers.
Financial Lines products include professional liability insurance for a range
of businesses and risks, including directors and officers liability (D&O),
fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability, cybersecurity risk, kidnap
and ransom, and errors and omissions insurance (E&O).  

 ·        Property and Special Risks  — Property products
include commercial, industrial and energy-related property insurance products
and services that cover exposures to man-made and natural disasters, including
business interruption. Specialty products include aerospace, political risk,
trade credit, surety and marine insurance, and various small and medium sized
enterprises insurance lines.  

 Consumer Insurance 

 Consumer Insurance business is presented as
four operating segments:  

 ·        Individual Retirement  — consists of fixed
annuities, fixed index annuities, variable annuities and retail mutual funds. 

 ·        Group Retirement  — consists of group mutual
funds, group fixed annuities, group variable annuities, individual annuity and
investment products, financial planning and advisory services. 

 ·        Life Insurance  — primary products in the U.S.
include term life and universal life insurance.  

 ·        Personal Insurance  — consists of personal auto
and property insurance, voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and
supplemental health products for individuals, employees, associations and other
organizations, a broad range of travel insurance products and services for
leisure and business travelers as well as extended warranty insurance covering
electronics, appliances, and HVAC industries.  

 Other Operations 

 The Other Operations
category consists of: 

 ·        Institutional Markets  — consists of stable
value wrap products, structured settlement and terminal funding annuities,
corporate- and bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed investment contracts
(GICs). 

 ·        Income
from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries. 

 ·        General
operating expenses not attributable to specific reporting segments. 

 ·        Interest
expense. 

 ·        United Guaranty  — Mortgage insurance protects
mortgage lenders and investors against the increased risk of borrower default
related to high loan-to-value mortgages. The sale of this business was
completed on December 31, 2016.   

 ·        Fuji Life  — consists of term insurance, life
insurance, endowment policies and annuities.  On November 14, 2016, we entered
into an agreement to sell our Japan life insurance business, AIG Fuji Life
Insurance Company, Ltd. (AFLI), to FWD Group, the insurance arm of Pacific
Century Group. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            185 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 Legacy Portfolio 

 The
Legacy Portfolio segment consists of: 

 Legacy Insurance Lines represent exited or discontinued
product lines, policy forms or distribution channels. 

 ·        Legacy Property and Casualty Run-Off Insurance Lines 
— include excess workers’ compensation, asbestos and environmental exposures. 

 ·        Legacy Life Insurance Run-Off Lines  — include
whole life, long term care and exited Accident & Health product lines. Also
includes certain structured settlement, terminal funding and single premium
immediate annuities written prior to April 2012. 

 ·        Legacy Investments  — include investment
classes that AIG has placed into run-off (life settlements, Legacy Global Real Estate,
the Direct Investment book) and equity-like securities with high yield/
high-risk characteristics. 

 On December 31, 2016, we completed the sale of
UGC to Arch. See Note 1 for a further discussion. 

 In
the second quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and certain of our
property casualty companies entered into a 50 percent quota share reinsurance
agreement whereby the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent of the
risk relating to policies written in 2014 that were current as of January 1,
2015 and (2) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to all policies written in
2015 and 2016, each in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission and
reimbursements of 50 percent of the losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred on covered policies. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the
effect of this intercompany reinsurance arrangements is included in the results
of Property and Special Risks and Other Operations for all periods presented.
Previously, this arrangement was eliminated for purposes of segment reporting.
Concurrent with the closing of the sale of UGC, we amended and restated this
arrangement and expect the results of this arrangement to continue to be
reported in Property and Special Risks.  

 Investment income of the Property Casualty Insurance
Companies is attributed to the Liability and Financial Lines, Property and
Special Risks and Personal Insurance operating segments based on an internal
investment income allocation model. The model estimates investable funds based
primarily on loss reserves and unearned premiums. Investment income of the Life
Insurance Companies is attributed to the Individual Retirement, Group
Retirement and Life Insurance operating segments as well as the Institutional
Markets business and the Legacy Life Insurance Run-Off Lines based on invested
assets in segregated product line portfolios; income from invested assets in
excess of liabilities is allocated to product lines based on internal capital
estimates. 

 We
evaluate segment performance based on operating revenues and pre-tax operating
income (loss).  Operating revenues and pre-tax operating income (loss) is
derived by excluding certain items from total revenues and net income (loss)
attributable to AIG, respectively. See the table below for the items excluded
from operating revenues and pre-tax operating income (loss). 

 Legal Entities 

 Certain of our management activities, such as investment
management, enterprise risk management, liquidity management and capital
management are conducted on a legal entity basis.  We group our
insurance-related legal entities into two categories: Property Casualty
Insurance Companies, and Life Insurance Companies.  

 Property Casualty Insurance Companies include the following
major operating companies: National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh,
Pa. (National Union); American Home Assurance Company (American Home);
Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); Fuji Fire and Marine Insurance Company
Limited (Fuji Fire); American Home Assurance Company, Ltd. (American Home Japan);
AIU Insurance Company, Ltd. (AIUI Japan); AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte,
Ltd.; and AIG Europe Limited. 

 Life Insurance Companies include the following major
operating companies: American General Life Insurance Company (American General
Life), The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC) and The United
States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S. Life). 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              186   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 The following table
presents AIG’s continuing operations by operating segment:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Revenues  
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   of DAC 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  and Financial Lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,649) 
   
  
 
   
   Property
  and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   568 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,049 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,735) 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
 
   
   Personal
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,072 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   686 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,681 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,849 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   770 
   
  
     
   
  
   983 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (748) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (494) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (351) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG Consolidated operating revenues and pre-tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   operating
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54,191 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,945 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from pre-tax operating income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income (loss): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
 
   
   Income from
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   545 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss
  reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
 
   
   Pension
  expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   former
  employees 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (694) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues
  and Pre-tax income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  and Financial Lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,684 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,818 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
 
   
   Property
  and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   603 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   910 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,226 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
   Personal
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   325 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,970 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,762 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,929 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (567) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (315) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (91) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (76) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG Consolidated operating revenues and pre-tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   operating
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,591 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,096 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,984 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            187 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 
  
   
   Reconciling Items from pre-tax operating income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss
  reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues
  and Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  and Financial Lines 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
 
   
   Property
  and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   845 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,033 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,497 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,247 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Individual
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,306 
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,229 
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   290 
   
  
 
   
   Personal
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   372 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,088 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,206 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   749 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (958) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy
  Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,576 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (354) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG Consolidated operating revenues and pre-tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   operating
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,001 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,052 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from pre-tax operating income to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   pre-tax
  income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living
  benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,282) 
   
  
 
   
   Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,169 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   804 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net loss
  reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring
  and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues
  and Pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 


 The following table presents AIG’s year-end identifiable assets and
capital expenditures by legal entity category: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Year-End Identifiable Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118,268 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   685 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   965 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   207,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   258,003 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   184,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   136,487 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and Elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,853) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,782) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,722 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              188   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    3. Segment Information 

   


 
 The following table presents AIG’s
consolidated total revenues and real estate and other fixed assets, net of
accumulated depreciation, by major geographic area: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Real Estate and Other Fixed Assets,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   Total Revenues * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of Accumulated Depreciation 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,623 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   734 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   912 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   819 
   
  
 
   
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,140 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Japan 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,293 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,641 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   524 
   
  
     
   
  
   449 
   
  
     
   
  
   400 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,334 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
 


 *    Revenues
are generally reported according to the geographic location of the reporting
unit. 



 
  



 

 4.
Held-For-Sale Classification 

 


 Held-For-Sale Classification 

 We
report a business as held-for-sale when management has approved the sale or
received approval to sell the business and is committed to a formal plan, the
business is available for immediate sale, the business is being actively
marketed, the sale is anticipated to occur during the next 12 months and
certain other specified criteria are met. A business classified as
held-for-sale is recorded at the lower of its carrying amount or estimated fair
value less cost to sell. If the carrying amount of the business exceeds its
estimated fair value, a loss is recognized.  

 Assets and
liabilities related to the businesses classified as held-for-sale are
separately reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheets beginning in the period
in which the business is classified as held-for-sale.  

 At
December 31, 2016, the following businesses were reported as held-for-sale: 

 United Guaranty Asia 

 On August 15,
2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our 100 percent interest
in UGC and certain related affiliates to Arch. This transaction closed on
December 31, 2016 and we received proceeds of approximately $3.3 billion,
consisting of $2.2 billion of cash, and approximately $1.1 billion of newly
issued Arch convertible non-voting common-equivalent preferred stock. We also
received $261 million in pre-closing dividends from UGC in the fourth quarter
of 2016.  However, due to pending regulatory approvals, United Guaranty Asia
was not included in the December 31, 2016 closing and $40 million of cash
consideration was retained by Arch. The closing with respect to United Guaranty
Asia is expected to occur during the first quarter of 2017, at which time AIG
will receive the remaining consideration.   

 Sale of Certain Insurance Subsidiary Operations to Fairfax 

 On
October 18, 2016, we entered into agreements to sell certain insurance
operations to Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax). The agreements
include the sale of our subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia,
Uruguay and Venezuela, as well as insurance operations in Turkey. Fairfax will also
acquire renewal rights for the portfolios of local business written by our
operations in Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia,
and assume certain of our operating assets and employees. Total cash
consideration to us is expected to be approximately $240 million. The
transactions are subject to obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals and
other customary closing conditions.  

 AIG Fuji Life Insurance  

 On
November 14, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell AFLI to FWD Group, the
insurance arm of Pacific Century Group. Consummation of the transaction is
subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory and other
approvals.  Total cash consideration to us is expected to be approximately $346
million. The sale resulted in a  pr e- ta x loss of  $467    m i ll i  ☐  n.   
  

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            189 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    4. Held-For-Sale
Classification   

   


 
 The following table summarizes the components
of assets and liabilities held-for-sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at
December 31, 2016: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,045 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
 
   
   Accrued investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
      Premiums and other receivables, net of
  allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
 
   
   Assets of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,720 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Loss Accrual 
   
  
     
   
  
   (521) 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets held for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
 
   
      Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and
  accident and health insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,579 
   
  
 
   
   Other policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   378 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities held for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
 









 

 5. Fair Value Measurements 

 


 Fair Value
Measurements on a Recurring Basis 

 We carry certain of our financial instruments at fair value.
We define the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount that would be
received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are
responsible for the determination of the value of the investments carried at
fair value and the supporting methodologies and assumptions. 

 The degree of judgment used in measuring the fair value of
financial instruments generally inversely correlates with the level of
observable valuation inputs. We maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Financial
instruments with quoted prices in active markets generally have more pricing
observability and less judgment is used in measuring fair value. Conversely,
financial instruments for which no quoted prices are available have less
observability and are measured at fair value using valuation models or other
pricing techniques that require more judgment. Pricing observability is
affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument,
whether the financial instrument is new to the market and not yet established,
the characteristics specific to the transaction, liquidity and general market
conditions. 

 Fair Value Hierarchy 

 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in accordance
with a fair value hierarchy consisting of three “levels” based on the
observability of valuation inputs: 

 •       Level 1:  Fair value measurements based on quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets that we have the ability to access for
identical assets or liabilities.  Market price data generally is obtained from
exchange or dealer markets. We do not adjust the quoted price for such
instruments. 

 •       Level 2:   Fair value measurements based on
inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable
for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs
include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets,
quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable
at commonly quoted intervals. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  190   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 •     
 Level 3:  Fair value measurements
based on valuation techniques that use significant inputs that are
unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine
the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The circumstances for
using these measurements include those in which there is little, if any, market
activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must make certain assumptions
about the inputs a hypothetical market participant would use to value that
asset or liability. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may
fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the
level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in
its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 

 The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for instruments carried at fair value. These methodologies
are applied to assets and liabilities across the levels discussed above, and it
is the observability of the inputs used that determines the appropriate level
in the fair value hierarchy for the respective asset or liability. 

 Valuation Methodologies of Financial Instruments
Measured at Fair Value 

 Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements 

 •       Our Own Credit Risk.     Fair value measurements
for certain liabilities incorporate our own credit risk by determining the
explicit cost for each counterparty to protect against its net credit exposure
to us at the balance sheet date by reference to observable AIG CDS or cash bond
spreads. We calculate the effect of credit spread changes using discounted cash
flow techniques that incorporate current market interest rates. A derivative
counterparty’s net credit exposure to us is determined based on master netting
agreements, when applicable, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with us, as well as collateral we post with the counterparty at the
balance sheet date.   For a description of how we
incorporate our own credit risk in the valuation of embedded derivatives
related to certain annuity and life insurance products, see Embedded
Derivatives within Policyholder Contract Deposits, below. 

 •       Counterparty Credit Risk. 
   Fair value measurements for freestanding
derivatives incorporate counterparty credit by determining the explicit cost
for us to protect against our net credit exposure to each counterparty at the
balance sheet date by reference to observable counterparty CDS  spreads,
when available. When not available, other directly or indirectly observable
credit spreads will be used to derive the best estimates of the counterparty
spreads. Our net credit exposure to a counterparty is determined based on
master netting agreements, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with the counterparty, as well as collateral posted by the
counterparty at the balance sheet date. 

 Fair values for fixed maturity securities based
on observable market prices for identical or similar instruments implicitly
incorporate counterparty credit risk. Fair values for fixed maturity securities
based on internal models incorporate counterparty credit risk by using discount
rates that take into consideration cash issuance spreads for similar
instruments or other observable information. 

 For fair values measured based on internal models, the cost
of credit protection is determined under a discounted present value approach
considering the market levels for single name CDS spreads for each specific
counterparty, the mid-market value of the net exposure (reflecting the amount
of protection required) and the weighted average life of the net exposure. CDS
spreads are provided to us by an independent third party. We utilize an
interest rate based on the benchmark London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)
curve to derive our discount rates. 

 While this approach does not explicitly consider all
potential future behavior of the derivative transactions or potential future
changes in valuation inputs, we believe this approach provides a reasonable
estimate of the fair value of the assets and liabilities, including
consideration of the impact of non-performance risk. 

 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure fixed
maturity securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from
dealer markets. 

 We employ independent third-party valuation service
providers to gather, analyze, and interpret market information to derive fair
value estimates for individual investments, based upon market-accepted
methodologies and assumptions. The methodologies used by these independent
third-party valuation service providers are reviewed and understood by
management, through periodic discussion with and information provided by the independent
third-party valuation service providers. In addition, as discussed further
below, control processes are applied to the fair values received from
independent third-party valuation service providers to ensure the accuracy of
these values. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            191 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Valuation
service providers typically obtain data about market transactions and other key
valuation model inputs from multiple sources and, through the use of market-accepted
valuation methodologies, which may utilize matrix pricing, financial models,
accompanying model inputs and various assumptions, provide a single fair value
measurement for individual securities. The inputs used by the valuation service
providers include, but are not limited to, market prices from completed
transactions for identical securities and transactions for comparable
securities, benchmark yields, interest rate yield curves, credit spreads, prepayment
rates, default rates, recovery assumptions, currency rates, quoted prices for
similar securities and other market-observable information, as applicable. If
fair value is determined using financial models, these models generally take
into account, among other things, market observable information as of the
measurement date as well as the specific attributes of the security being
valued, including its term, interest rate, credit rating, industry sector, and
when applicable, collateral quality and other security or issuer-specific
information. When market transactions or other market observable data is
limited, the extent to which judgment is applied in determining fair value is
greatly increased. 

 We have control processes designed to ensure that the fair
values received from independent third-party valuation service providers are
accurately recorded, that their data inputs and valuation techniques are
appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions used appear
reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value. We
assess the reasonableness of individual security values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers through various analytical techniques,
and have procedures to escalate related questions internally and to the independent
third-party valuation service providers for resolution. To assess the degree of
pricing consensus among various valuation service providers for specific asset
types, we conduct comparisons of prices received from available sources. We use
these comparisons to establish a hierarchy for the fair values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers to be used for particular security
classes. We also validate prices for selected securities through reviews by
members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of
those charged with executing investing transactions. 

 When our independent third-party valuation service providers
are unable to obtain sufficient market observable information upon which to
estimate the fair value for a particular security, fair value is determined
either by requesting brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities to
provide a price quote, which is generally non-binding, or by employing market accepted
valuation models. Broker prices may be based on an income approach, which
converts expected future cash flows to a single present value amount, with
specific consideration of inputs relevant to particular security types. For
structured securities, such inputs may include ratings, collateral types,
geographic concentrations, underlying loan vintages, loan delinquencies and
defaults, loss severity assumptions, prepayments, and weighted average coupons
and maturities. When the volume or level of market activity for a security is
limited, certain inputs used to determine fair value may not be observable in
the market. Broker prices may also be based on a market approach that considers
recent transactions involving identical or similar securities. Fair values
provided by brokers are subject to similar control processes to those noted
above for fair values from independent third-party valuation service providers,
including management reviews. For those corporate debt instruments (for
example, private placements) that are not traded in active markets or that are
subject to transfer restrictions, valuations reflect illiquidity and
non-transferability, based on available market evidence. When observable price
quotations are not available, fair value is determined based on discounted cash
flow models using discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price
levels of comparable securities, adjusted for illiquidity and structure. Fair
values determined internally are also subject to management review to ensure
that valuation models and related inputs are reasonable. 

 The methodology above is relevant for all fixed maturity
securities including residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial
mortgage backed securities (CMBS), collateralized debt obligations (CDO), other
asset‑backed securities (ABS) and fixed maturity securities issued by
government sponsored entities and corporate entities. 

 Equity Securities Traded in Active Markets 

 Whenever
available, we obtain quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at
the balance sheet date to measure equity securities at fair value. Market price
data is generally obtained from exchange or dealer markets. 

 Mortgage and Other Loans Receivable 

 We estimate the
fair value of mortgage and other loans receivable that are measured at fair
value by using dealer quotations, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal
valuation models. The determination of fair value considers inputs such as
interest rate, maturity, the borrower’s creditworthiness, collateral,
subordination, guarantees, past-due status, yield curves, credit curves,
prepayment rates, market pricing for comparable loans and other relevant
factors. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              192   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Other Invested
Assets 

 We initially
estimate the fair value of investments in certain hedge funds, private equity
funds and other investment partnerships by reference to the transaction price.
Subsequently, we generally obtain the fair value of these investments from net
asset value information provided by the general partner or manager of the
investments, the financial statements of which are generally audited annually.
We consider observable market data and perform certain control procedures to
validate the appropriateness of using the net asset value as a fair value
measurement. The fair values of other investments carried at fair value, such
as direct private equity holdings, are initially determined based on
transaction price and are subsequently estimated based on available evidence
such as market transactions in similar instruments, other financing
transactions of the issuer and other available financial information for the
issuer, with adjustments made to reflect illiquidity as appropriate. 

 Short-term Investments 

 For short-term
investments that are measured at amortized cost, the carrying amounts of these
assets approximate fair values because of the relatively short period of time
between origination and expected realization, and their limited exposure to
credit risk.  Securities purchased under agreements to resell (reverse
repurchase agreements) are generally treated as collateralized receivables.  We
report certain receivables arising from securities purchased under agreements
to resell as Short-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When
these receivables are measured at fair value, we use market-observable interest
rates to determine fair value.  

 Separate Account Assets 

 Separate account
assets are composed primarily of registered and unregistered open-end mutual
funds that generally trade daily and are measured at fair value in the manner
discussed above for equity securities traded in active markets. 

 Freestanding Derivatives 

 Derivative
assets and liabilities can be exchange - traded or traded over-the-counter (OTC). We generally value
exchange - traded
derivatives such as futures and options using quoted prices in active markets for
identical derivatives at the balance sheet date. 

 OTC derivatives
are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever
possible, including market - based inputs to models, model calibration to market
clearing transactions, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing
sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. When models are used, the
selection of a particular model to value an OTC derivative depends on the
contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in the instrument, as well as
the availability of pricing information in the market. We generally use similar
models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of
inputs, including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves,
credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and correlations of
such inputs. For OTC derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic
forwards, swaps and options, model inputs can generally be corroborated by
observable market data by correlation or other means, and model selection does
not involve significant management judgment. 

 For certain OTC
derivatives that trade in less liquid markets, where we generally do not have
corroborating market evidence to support significant model inputs and cannot
verify the model to market transactions, the transaction price may provide the
best estimate of fair value. Accordingly, when a pricing model is used to value
such an instrument, the model is adjusted so the model value at inception
equals the transaction price. We will update valuation inputs in these models
only when corroborated by evidence such as similar market transactions,
independent third-party valuation service providers and/or broker or dealer
quotations, or other empirical market data. When appropriate, valuations are
adjusted for various factors such as liquidity, bid/offer spreads and credit
considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market
evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate is used. 

 We value our
super senior credit default swap portfolio using prices obtained from vendors
and/or counterparties.  The valuation of the super senior credit derivatives is
complex because of the limited availability of market observable information
due to the lack of trading and price transparency in certain structured finance
markets. Our valuation methodologies for the super senior CDS portfolio have
evolved over time in response to market conditions and the availability of
market observable information. We have sought to calibrate the methodologies to
available market information and to review the assumptions of the methodologies
on a regular basis.  

 Embedded Derivatives within Policyholder Contract Deposits 

 Certain variable
annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts contain embedded
derivatives that we bifurcate from the host contracts and account for
separately at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 
These embedded derivatives are classified within Policyholder contract deposits. 
We have concluded these contracts contain either (i) a written option that
guarantees a minimum accumulation value at maturity, (ii) a written option
that guarantees annual withdrawals regardless of underlying market performance
for a specific period or for life, or (iii) equity - indexed written options
that meet the criteria of derivatives and must be bifurcated. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            193 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The fair value of embedded derivatives contained in certain
variable annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts is measured based on
actuarial and capital market assumptions related to projected cash flows over
the expected lives of the contracts. These discounted cash flow projections
primarily include benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable. In some
instances, the projected cash flows from fees may exceed projected cash flows
related to benefit payments and therefore, at a point in time, the carrying
value of the embedded derivative may be in a net asset position. The projected
cash flows incorporate best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior
(including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization), along with
an explicit risk margin to reflect a market participant’s estimates of
projected cash flows and policyholder behavior. Estimates of future
policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily on our historical
experience. 

 Because of the
dynamic and complex nature of the projected cash flows with respect to embedded
derivatives in our variable annuity contracts, risk neutral valuations are
used, which are calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices.
Estimating the underlying cash flows for these products involves judgments
regarding expected market rates of return, market volatility, credit spreads, correlations
of certain market variables, fund performance, discount rates and policyholder
behavior. The portion of fees attributable to the fair value of expected
benefit payments are included within the fair value measurement of these
embedded derivatives, and related fees are classified in net realized gain/loss
as earned, consistent with other changes in the fair value of these embedded
policy derivatives.  Any portion of the fees not attributed to the embedded
derivatives are excluded from the fair value measurement and classified in
policy fees as earned. 

 With respect to
embedded derivatives in our equity - indexed annuity and life contracts, option pricing models
are used to estimate fair value, taking into account assumptions for future
equity index growth rates, volatility of the equity index, future interest
rates, and our ability to adjust the participation rate and the cap on equity - indexed credited rates in
light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions.  

 Projected cash
flows are discounted using the interest rate swap curve (swap curve), which is
commonly viewed as being consistent with the credit spreads for highly‑rated
financial institutions (S&P AA-rated or above). A swap curve shows the
fixed-rate leg of a non-complex swap against the floating rate (for
example, LIBOR) leg of a related tenor. We also incorporate our own risk
of non-performance in the valuation of the embedded derivatives associated with
variable annuity and equity - indexed annuity and life contracts. The non-performance
risk adjustment reflects a market participant’s view of our claims-paying
ability by incorporating an additional spread to the swap curve used to
discount projected benefit cash flows in the valuation of these embedded
derivatives. The non-performance risk adjustment is calculated by constructing
forward rates based on a weighted average of observable corporate credit
indices to approximate the claims-paying ability rating of our Life Insurance
Companies. 

 Long-Term Debt 

 The fair value
of non-structured liabilities is generally determined by using market prices
from exchange or dealer markets, when available, or discounting expected cash
flows using the appropriate discount rate for the applicable maturity. We
determine the fair value of structured liabilities and hybrid financial
instruments (where performance is linked to structured interest rates,
inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate derivative valuation
methodology (described above) given the nature of the embedded risk profile. In
addition, adjustments are made to the valuations of both non-structured and
structured liabilities to reflect our own creditworthiness based on the
methodology described under the caption “Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair
Value Measurements – Our Own Credit Risk” above. 

 Borrowings under
obligations of guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), which are guaranteed by
us, are recorded at fair value using discounted cash flow calculations based on
interest rates currently being offered for similar contracts and our current
market observable implicit credit spread rates with maturities consistent with
those remaining for the contracts being valued. Obligations may be called at
various times prior to maturity at the option of the counterparty. Interest
rates on these borrowings are primarily fixed, vary by maturity and range up to
7.62 percent. 

 Other Liabilities 

 Other
liabilities measured at fair value include certain securities sold under
agreements to repurchase and certain securities sold but not yet purchased.
Liabilities arising from securities sold under agreements to repurchase are
generally treated as collateralized borrowings. We estimate the fair value of
liabilities arising under these agreements by using market - observable interest
rates. This methodology considers such factors as the coupon rate, yield curves
and other relevant factors. Fair values for securities sold but not yet
purchased are based on current market prices.  

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              194   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
on a Recurring Basis 

 The following table presents information about assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the level
of the fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (b) 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations
  of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,535 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   131,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,413 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   211,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,939 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations
  of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,772 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   420 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,025 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   603 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   905 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,608 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities  
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Interest rate contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,320 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,168) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   681 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,341 
   
  
 
   
      Separate account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,972 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   346,433 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            195 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 
  
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,058 
   
  
 
   
      Other policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,077 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,369 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,786) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,787 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,489 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,507 
   
  
 


 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting (b) 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   683 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,195 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,097 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   683 
   
  
     
   
  
   218,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states, municipalities and political
  subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,230 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,273 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,162 
   
  
 
   
        
  Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
 
   
        
  Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
 
   
        
  Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,822) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,591 
   
  
 
   
      Separate account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,574 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79,711 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237,684 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,110 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   352,683 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              196   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 
  
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
 
   
      Other policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199 
   
  
 
   
        
  Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,204 
   
  
 
   
        
  Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
        
  Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   508 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   508 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,028) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,402 
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,020 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,670 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,083 
   
  
 


 (a)  Excludes
investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its
equivalent), which totaled $6.7 billion and $8.6 billion as of December 31,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

 (b)  Represents
netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting
agreements. 

 Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets and Liabilities 

 Our policy is to
record transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and
Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. Assets are
transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with
sufficient frequency and volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are
transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and
frequency are indicative of an active market. During the years ended December
31, 2016 and 2015, we transferred $1.1 billion and $0.7 billion,
respectively, of securities issued by Non-U.S. government entities from
Level 1 to Level 2, because they are no longer considered actively
traded. For similar reasons, during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,
we transferred $34 million and $181 million, respectively, of securities
issued by the U.S. government and government‑sponsored entities from
Level 1 to Level 2.  There were no material transfers from
Level 2 to Level 1 during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 Changes in Level 3 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

 The following tables present changes during the years ended December
31, 2016 and 2015 in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis, and the realized and unrealized gains (losses) related to
the Level 3 assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December
31, 2016 and 2015: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses) Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements, Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations
  of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   municipalities
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   political
  subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (878) 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,906 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (185) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,720 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,348) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            197 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 
  
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,623) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   (393) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,662) 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   (418) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  securities available 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage
  and other loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (321) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,275) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,485) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,666 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (410) 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses) Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Gains) Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements, Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder
  contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   441 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   303 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative
  liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Commodity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   505 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   liabilities,
  net (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   556 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   341 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   205 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              198   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,515 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,724) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   (512) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   (258) 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (139) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (436) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
     
   
  
   698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   761 
   
  
     
   
  
   (139) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for
  sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
   (510) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (648) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,418 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,576) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,463) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,305 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,319) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Gains)
  Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   978 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (287) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   505 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives liabilities, net (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   (268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   556 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   197 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   249 
   
  
 


 (a)  Total
Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in these tables for
presentation purposes only. 

 (b)  Includes
guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            199 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Net realized and unrealized gains and losses
included in income related to Level 3 assets and liabilities shown above
are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital  
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (118) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,294 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital  
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   (Gains) Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (269) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (268) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the gross components of purchases, sales,
issues and settlements, net, shown above: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, Issues and 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements, Net (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,635 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,432) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (878) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (381) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (641) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,720 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   (311) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,670) 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   (458) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,623) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   465 
   
  
     
   
  
   (648) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,662) 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              200   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 
  
   
      Equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage
  and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (971) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,278) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,275) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   437 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   303 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   437 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (278) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
        
  Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,829) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (890) 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   (530) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,312) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (436) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (173) 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
        
  CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,520) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   897 
   
  
     
   
  
   (481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,790) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage
  and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (648) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,355 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,600) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,218) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,463) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   465 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (248) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (226) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   197 
   
  
 


 (a)  There
were no issuances during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 (b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.    

 (c)  Purchases
primarily reflect the effect of consolidating previously unconsolidated
securitization vehicles.   

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            201 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to
determine the fair values of positions classified in Level 3 in the tables
above. As a result, the unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December
31, 2016 and 2015 may include changes in fair value that were attributable to
both observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable inputs
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities). 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 We
record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of Level 3 at their
fair values as of the end of each reporting period, consistent with the date of
the determination of fair value. The Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)
included in income (loss) or Other comprehensive income (loss) and as shown in
the table above excludes $188 million of net losses and $2 million of net
losses related to assets and liabilities transferred into Level 3 during  2016  and 2015,
respectively, and includes $189 million of net losses and $36 million of
net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred out of Level 3
during  2016 
and 2015, respectively. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, transfers into Level 3 assets
primarily included certain investments in private placement corporate debt,
RMBS, CMBS, and CDO/ABS. Transfers of private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were primarily the result of limited
market pricing information that required us to determine fair value for these
securities based on inputs that are adjusted to better reflect our own
assumptions regarding the characteristics of a specific security or associated
market liquidity. The transfers of investments in RMBS, CMBS and CDO and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were due to decreases in market transparency
and liquidity for individual security types.  

 During the years
ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, transfers out of Level 3 assets primarily
included private placement and other corporate debt, CMBS, CDO/ABS, RMBS and certain
investments in municipal securities. Transfers of certain investments in
municipal securities, corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3
assets were based on consideration of market liquidity as well as related
transparency of pricing and associated observable inputs for these investments.
Transfers of certain investments in private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS out of Level 3 assets were primarily the result of using
observable pricing information that reflects the fair value of those securities
without the need for adjustment based on our own assumptions regarding the
characteristics of a specific security or the current liquidity in the market.  

 Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities 

 There
were no significant transfers of derivative or other liabilities into or out of
Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              202   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair
Value Measurements 

 The table below presents information about the significant
unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements for certain
Level 3 instruments, and includes only those instruments for which information about
the inputs is reasonably available to us, such as data from independent
third-party valuation service providers and from internal valuation models.
Because input information from third-parties with respect to certain Level 3
instruments (primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances
shown below may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,248 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   4.12%
  - 4.91% (4.52%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.41%
  - 6.38% (4.90%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,412 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate 
   
  
   3.95%
  - 6.54% (5.25%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity 
   
  
   47.51%
  - 80.98% (64.24%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate 
   
  
   3.28%
  - 8.64% (5.96%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.28%
  - 5.87% (4.57%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,368 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.67%
  - 5.85% (4.76%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   0.48%
  - 10.21% (5.34%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,777 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   13.00%
  - 50.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 20.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse multiplier 
   
  
   30.00%
  - 170.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   42.00%
  - 161.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization 
   
  
   100.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  / interest-rate correlation 
   
  
   20.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   859 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse
  rate 
   
  
   1.00%
  - 66.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   101.00%
  - 103.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   2.00%
  - 19.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            203 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted Average) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations
  of states, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   4.32% - 5.10% (4.71%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   5.63% - 12.45% (9.04%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,280 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Constant prepayment rate 
   
  
   0.99% - 8.95% (4.97%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss severity 
   
  
   47.21% - 79.50% (63.35%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant default rate 
   
  
   3.49% - 9.04% (6.26%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.13% - 6.14% (4.63%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,338 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.41% - 4.98% (4.19%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,388 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   0.00% - 17.65% (6.62%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded
  derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within
  Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
  contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,234 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Equity volatility 
   
  
   15.00% - 50.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base lapse rate 
   
  
   1.00% - 17.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic lapse multiplier 
   
  
   0.20% - 25.50% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality multiplier (d) 
   
  
   80.00% - 104.27% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization 
   
  
   0.00% - 70.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity / interest rate correlation 
   
  
   20.00% - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index
  Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   715 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse rate 
   
  
   0.75% - 66.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality multiplier (d) 
   
  
   50.00% - 75.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed
  Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
   Discounted cash flow 
   
  
   Base lapse rate 
   
  
   2.00% to 19.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality rate 
   
  
   0.00% to 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a)  Information
received from third-party valuation service providers.  The ranges of the
unobservable inputs for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant
default rate relate to each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that
comprise the entire portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization
vehicles and not necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches)
purchased by us. The ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to
changes in the fair values of the tranches purchased by us, because there are
other factors relevant to the fair values of specific tranches owned by us
including, but not limited to, purchase price, position in the waterfall,
senior versus subordinated position and attachment points. 

 (b)  Represents
discount rates, estimates and assumptions that we believe would be used by
market participants when valuing these assets and liabilities. 

 (c)  Mortality
inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012 Individual Annuity Mortality Basic
table for Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits (GMWB). 

 (d)  Mortality
inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012 Individual Annuity Mortality Basic
table for GMWB, and the 1975-1980 Modified Basic Table for index annuities. 

 (e)  Beginning
in the third quarter of 2015, we began valuing these instruments using prices
obtained from vendors and/or counterparties and discontinued use of the BET
model. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              204   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The ranges of reported inputs for Obligations of states,
municipalities and political subdivisions, Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and
CMBS valued using a discounted cash flow technique consist of one standard
deviation in either direction from the value‑weighted average. The
preceding table does not give effect to our risk management practices that
might offset risks inherent in these Level 3 assets and liabilities. 

 Sensitivity to Changes in Unobservable Inputs 

 We
consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market data is not available
and that are developed using the best information available to us about the
assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of the instrument being
measured at fair value. The following paragraphs provide a general description
of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along with
interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs and
their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs
discussed below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and
unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the
discussion below. For each of the individual relationships described below, the
inverse relationship would also generally apply. 

 Obligations of States, Municipalities and Political Subdivisions 

 The
significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of certain
investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions
is yield.  In general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair
value of investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political
subdivisions. 

 Corporate Debt 

 Corporate
debt securities included in Level 3 are primarily private placement
issuances that are not traded in active markets or that are subject to transfer
restrictions. Fair value measurements consider illiquidity and
non-transferability. When observable price quotations are not available, fair
value is determined based on discounted cash flow models using discount rates
based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of publicly‑traded debt
of the issuer or other comparable securities, considering illiquidity and
structure. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of corporate debt is the yield. The yield is affected by the market
movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields. In addition, the
migration in credit quality of a given security generally has a corresponding
effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For example, a downward
migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding U.S. Treasury rates
constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would decrease the fair value
of corporate debt.   

 RMBS and CDO/ABS 

 The
significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurements of RMBS and
certain CDO/ABS valued by third‑party valuation service providers are
constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant default rates (CDR)
and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the probability of default will
generally be accompanied by a corresponding change in the assumption used for
the loss severity and an inverse change in the assumption used for prepayment
rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss severity, CDR and yield, in
isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair value measurement. Changes in
fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated
because the relationship between the directional change of each input is not
usually linear. 

 CMBS 

 The
significant unobservable input used in fair value measurements for CMBS is the
yield.  Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage pool are factored into the
yield.  CMBS generally feature a lower degree of prepayment risk than RMBS
because commercial mortgages generally contain a penalty for prepayment. In
general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair value of CMBS. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            205 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Embedded
derivatives within Policyholder contract deposits 

 Embedded derivatives
reported within Policyholder contract deposits include guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (GMAB)
within variable annuity products, and certain enhancements to interest
crediting rates based on market indices within index annuities, indexed life
and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).  For any given contract,
assumptions for unobservable inputs vary throughout the period over which cash
flows are projected for purposes of valuing the embedded derivative. The
following unobservable inputs are used for valuing embedded derivatives
measured at fair value: 

 •       Long-term
equity volatilities represent equity volatility beyond the period for which
observable equity volatilities are available, with an emphasis on current
expected market-based volatilities. Increases in assumed volatility will
generally increase the fair value of both the projected cash flows from rider
fees as well as the projected cash flows related to benefit payments.
Therefore, the net change in the fair value of the liability may either
decrease or increase, depending on the relative changes in projected rider fees
and projected benefit payments.  

 •       Equity
/ interest rate correlation estimates the relationship between changes in
equity returns and interest rates, based on current market conditions and
expected views of market participants, in the economic scenario generator used
to value our GMWB embedded derivatives.  In general, a higher positive
correlation assumes that equity markets and interest rates move in a more
correlated fashion, which generally increases the fair value of the liability. 
 

 •       Base
lapse rate assumptions are determined by company experience and are adjusted at
the contract level using a dynamic lapse function, which reduces the base lapse
rate when the contract is in-the-money (when the contract holder’s guaranteed
value is worth more than their underlying account value). Lapse rates are also
generally assumed to be lower in periods when a surrender charge applies.
Increases in assumed lapse rates will generally decrease the fair value of the
liability, as fewer policyholders would persist to collect guaranteed
withdrawal amounts, but in certain scenarios, increases in assumed lapse rates
may increase the fair value of the liability.  

 •       Mortality
rate assumptions, which vary by age and gender, are based on company experience
and include a mortality improvement assumption. Increases in assumed mortality
rates will decrease the fair value of the liability, while lower mortality rate
assumptions will generally increase the fair value of the liability, because
guaranteed payments will be made for a longer period of time. Utilization
assumptions estimate the timing when policyholders with a GMWB will elect to
utilize their benefit and begin taking withdrawals. The assumptions may vary by
the type of guarantee, tax-qualified status, the contract’s withdrawal history
and the age of the policyholder.  Utilization assumptions are based on company
experience, which includes partial withdrawal behavior. In 2016, we implemented
a 100 percent utilization assumption which reflects an expectation that all
policyholders who remain active in the contract (i.e., do not lapse or die)
will utilize their GMWB guarantee by commencing systematic withdrawals under
the terms of their contract. In 2015, we used as a utilization rate assumption
representing the probability of first partial withdrawal, which varied by issue
age and duration for different contract types.  The
impact of changes in utilization assumptions on the fair value of the liability
may vary, depending on the expected timing as well as the overall rate of
assumed utilization. 

 Derivative liabilities – credit contracts 

 The significant unobservable inputs used for
Derivative liabilities – credit contracts are recovery rates, diversity
scores, and the weighted average life of the portfolio. AIG non-performance
risk is also considered in the measurement of the liability.  

 An increase in recovery rates and diversity score will
decrease the fair value of the liability. An increase in the weighted average
life will increase the fair value measurement of the liability. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              206   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Investments in Certain Entities Carried at Fair
Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share 

 The following table includes information related to our investments
in certain other invested assets, including private equity funds, hedge funds
and other alternative investments that calculate net asset value per share (or
its equivalent). For these investments, which are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis, we use the net asset value per share to measure fair value. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Investment Category Includes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Category 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Private equity funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Leveraged buyout 
   
  
   Debt and/or equity investments made as
  part of a transaction in which assets of mature companies are acquired from
  the current shareholders, typically with the use of financial leverage 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   750 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   436 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real Estate /  
      Infrastructure 
   
  
   Investments in real estate properties and
  infrastructure positions, including power plants and other energy generating
  facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Venture capital 
   
  
   Early-stage, high-potential, growth
  companies expected to generate a return through an eventual realization
  event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the company 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in
  default, under bankruptcy protection, or troubled  
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes multi-strategy, mezzanine, and
  other strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
 
   
   Total private equity funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,248 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds * : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Event-driven 
   
  
   Securities of companies undergoing
  material structural changes, including mergers, acquisitions and other
  reorganizations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-short 
   
  
   Securities that the manager believes are
  undervalued, with corresponding short positions to hedge market risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Macro 
   
  
   Investments that take long and short
  positions in financial instruments based on a top-down view of certain
  economic and capital market conditions 
   
  
     
   
  
   992 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in
  default, under bankruptcy protection or troubled   
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   699 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Emerging markets 
   
  
   Investments in the financial markets of
  developing countries 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes investments held in funds that
  are less liquid, as well as other strategies which allow for broader
  allocation between public and private investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,741 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,003 
   
  
 


 * Certain
hedge funds for the year ended December 31, 2016 were reclassified into
different strategies to better align with the investments in those funds. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            207 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 Private equity fund
investments included above are not redeemable, because distributions from the
funds will be received when underlying investments of the funds are liquidated.
Private equity funds are generally expected to have 10-year lives at their
inception, but these lives may be extended at the fund manager’s discretion,
typically in one or two-year increments. At December 31, 2016, assuming average
original expected lives of 10 years for the funds, 73 percent of the
total fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent) presented
above would have expected remaining lives of three years or less, 10 percent
between four and six years and 17 percent between seven and 10 years. 

 The hedge fund
investments included above, which are carried at fair value, are generally
redeemable monthly (16 percent), quarterly (37 percent), semi-annually (11 percent)
and annually (36 percent), with redemption notices ranging from one day to
180 days. At December 31, 2016, investments representing approximately 72
percent of the total fair value of these hedge fund investments had partial
contractual redemption restrictions. These partial redemption restrictions are
generally related to one or more investments held in the hedge funds that the
fund manager deemed to be illiquid. The majority of these contractual
restrictions, which may have been put in place at the fund’s inception or
thereafter, have pre-defined end dates. The majority of these restrictions are
generally expected to be lifted by the end of 2017.    

 Fair Value Option 

 Under the fair
value option, we may elect to measure at fair value financial assets and
financial liabilities that are not otherwise required to be carried at fair
value. Subsequent changes in fair value for designated items are reported in
earnings. We elect the fair value option for certain hybrid securities given
the complexity of bifurcating the economic components associated with the
embedded derivatives. Refer to Note 11 for additional information related to
embedded derivatives. 

 Additionally, we
elect the fair value option for certain alternative investments when such
investments are eligible for this election. We believe this measurement basis
is consistent with the applicable accounting guidance used by the respective
investment company funds themselves.  Refer to Note 6 herein for additional
information. 

 The following table presents the gains or losses recorded related
to the eligible instruments for which we elected the fair value option: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Gain (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bond and
  equity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   447 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   616 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,099 
   
  
 
   
      Alternative
  investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  including Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (269) 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
   Total gain 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,140 
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships. 

 (b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds and mortgages payable. 

 Interest
income and dividend income on assets measured under the fair value option are
recognized and included in Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
of Income with the exception of activity within AIG’s Other Operations
category, which is included in Other income. Interest expense on liabilities
measured under the fair value option is reported in Other Income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  See
Note 6  herein for additional information
about our policies for recognition, measurement, and disclosure of interest and
dividend income. 

 During 2016,
2015 and  2014 ,
we recognized gains of $22 million, and losses of $4 million and $32 million,
respectively, attributable to the observable effect of changes in credit
spreads on our own liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. We
calculate the effect of these credit spread changes using discounted cash flow
techniques that incorporate current market interest rates, our observable
credit spreads on these liabilities and other factors that mitigate the risk of
nonperformance such as cash collateral posted.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              208   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 The following
table presents the difference between fair values and the aggregate contractual
principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable and long-term
borrowings for which the fair value option was elected: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,628 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   800 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,675 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   995 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.  

 There
were no mortgage or other loans receivable for which the fair value option was
elected that were 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status at
December 31, 2016 or 2015. 

 FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS ON A NON-RECURRING BASIS 

 We measure the fair value of certain assets on a
non-recurring basis, generally quarterly, annually or when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be
recoverable. These assets include cost and equity-method investments, commercial
mortgage loans, investments in life settlements, investments in real estate and
other fixed assets, goodwill and other intangible assets. See Notes 6 and 7
herein for additional information about how we test various asset classes for
impairment. 

 Information regarding the estimation of fair
value for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis
is discussed below: 

 •       Impairments
for Other investments for the periods ended December 31, 2015 and December 31,
2014, primarily relate to certain investments in affordable housing
partnerships, the fair values of which are determined based on remaining tax
credits and other residual benefits due from the respective partnerships.
Residual benefits include consideration of the fair value of underlying real
estate properties, which is determined based on market-appropriate
capitalization rates applied to net operating income of the properties.
Impairments for Other investments for the period ended December 31, 2016
primarily relate to certain investments in aircraft, the fair values of which
are determined based on third party independent appraisals that use industry
specific appraisal standards and methodologies. 

 •       Impairments
of Investments in Life Settlements are measured using their fair values as
determined using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates the best
available market assumptions for mortality as well as market yields based on
reported transactions.  Effective December 31, 2015, AIG adopted the Society of
Actuaries 2015 Valuation Basic Table (VBT) as the market mortality assumption
used to measure fair value of impaired policies. 

 The following table presents assets measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis at the time of impairment and the related
impairment charges recorded during the periods presented: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets at Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairment Charges 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Recurring Basis 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 2  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 3  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   492 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   809 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   342 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,117 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,074 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,074 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            209 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 FAIR
VALUE INFORMATION ABOUT FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE 

 Information regarding the estimation of fair
value for financial instruments not carried at fair value (excluding insurance
contracts and lease contracts) is discussed below: 

 •       Mortgage and other loans receivable:   Fair values of
loans on commercial real estate and other loans receivable are estimated for
disclosure purposes using discounted cash flow calculations based on discount
rates that we believe market participants would use in determining the price
that they would pay for such assets. For certain loans, our current incremental
lending rates for similar types of loans are used as the discount rates,
because we believe this rate approximates the rates market participants would
use.  Fair values of residential mortgage loans are
generally determined based on market prices, using market based adjustments for
credit and servicing as appropriate.   The fair values of policy loans
are generally estimated based on unpaid principal amount as of each reporting
date. No consideration is given to credit risk because policy loans are
effectively collateralized by the cash surrender value of the policies. 

 •       Other invested assets:     The
majority of Other invested assets that are not measured at fair value represent
investments in life settlements. The fair value of investments in life
settlements is determined using a discounted cash flow methodology that
incorporates the best available market assumptions for longevity as well as
market yields based on reported transactions. Due to the individual life
nature of each investment in life settlements and the illiquidity of the
existing market, significant inputs to the fair value are unobservable.  

 •       Cash and short-term investments:     The carrying amounts of these assets approximate fair
values because of the relatively short period of time between origination and
expected realization, and their limited exposure to credit risk. 

 •       Policyholder contract deposits associated with
investment-type contracts:     Fair
values for policyholder contract deposits associated with investment-type
contracts not accounted for at fair value are estimated using discounted cash
flow calculations based on interest rates currently being offered for similar
contracts with maturities consistent with those of the contracts being valued.
When no similar contracts are being offered, the discount rate is the
appropriate swap rate (if available) or current risk-free interest rate
consistent with the currency in which the cash flows are denominated.  To
determine fair value, other factors include current policyholder account values
and related surrender charges and other assumptions include expectations about
policyholder behavior and an appropriate risk margin. 

 •       Other liabilities:   The
majority of Other liabilities that are financial instruments not measured at
fair value represent secured financing arrangements, including repurchase
agreements.  The carrying amounts of these liabilities approximate fair value,
because the financing arrangements are short-term and are secured by cash or
other liquid collateral. 

 •       Long-term debt:     Fair
values of these obligations were determined by reference to quoted market
prices, when available and appropriate, or discounted cash flow calculations
based upon our current market‑observable implicit‑credit‑spread
rates for similar types of borrowings with maturities consistent with those
remaining for the debt being valued. 

 The following table presents the carrying amounts and
estimated fair values of our financial instruments not measured at fair value
and indicates the level in the fair value hierarchy of the estimated fair value
measurement based on the observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Estimated Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage
  and other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   161 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,575 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,736 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,229 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   955 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,474 
   
  
 
   
     
  Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,961 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with
  investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
   121,742 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   112,705 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,484 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016
Form 10-K                              210   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8
|    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |   5.
Fair Value Measurements 

   


 
 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage
  and other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   198 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,147 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,345 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,554 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,169 
   
  
 
   
     
  Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with
  investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   108,788 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,852 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,528 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,579 
   
  
 









 

 6. Investments 

 


 Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities 

 Bonds held to
maturity are carried at amortized cost when we have the ability and positive
intent to hold these securities until maturity. When we do not have the ability
or positive intent to hold bonds until maturity, these securities are
classified as available for sale or are measured at fair value at our election.
None of our fixed maturity securities met the criteria for held to maturity
classification at December 31, 2016 or 2015. 

 Fixed maturity
and equity securities classified as available for sale are carried at fair
value. Unrealized gains and losses from available for sale investments in fixed
maturity and equity securities are reported as a separate component of
Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of deferred policy acquisition
costs and deferred income taxes, in shareholders’ equity. Realized and
unrealized gains and losses from fixed maturity and equity securities measured
at fair value at our election are reflected in Net investment income (for
insurance subsidiaries) or Other income (for Other Operations). Investments in
fixed maturity and equity securities are recorded on a trade-date basis. 

 Premiums and
discounts arising from the purchase of bonds classified as available for sale
are treated as yield adjustments over their estimated holding periods, until
maturity, or call date, if applicable. For investments in certain RMBS, CMBS
and CDO/ABS, (collectively, structured securities), recognized yields are
updated based on current information regarding the timing and amount of
expected undiscounted future cash flows. For high credit quality structured
securities, effective yields are recalculated based on actual payments received
and updated prepayment expectations, and the amortized cost is adjusted to the
amount that would have existed had the new effective yield been applied since
acquisition with a corresponding charge or credit to net investment income. For
structured securities that are not high credit quality, effective yields are
recalculated and adjusted prospectively based on changes in expected
undiscounted future cash flows. For purchased credit impaired (PCI) securities,
at acquisition, the difference between the undiscounted expected future cash
flows and the recorded investment in the securities represents the initial
accretable yield, which is to be accreted into net investment income over the
securities’ remaining lives on an effective level‑yield basis.
Subsequently, effective yields recognized on PCI securities are recalculated
and adjusted prospectively to reflect changes in the contractual benchmark
interest rates on variable rate securities and any significant increases in
undiscounted expected future cash flows arising due to reasons other than interest
rate changes. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            211 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Securities
Available for Sale 

 The following table presents the amortized cost or cost and fair
value of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other-Than- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost
  or 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  AOCI (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   (254) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   773 
   
  
     
   
  
   (256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   126,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,311 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,212 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   278 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   (850) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,296 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,125) 
   
  
     
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   396 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   233,938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,817 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,140) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   243,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,698 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,752 
   
  
     
   
  
   805 
   
  
     
   
  
   (362) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   133,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,987) 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   (411) 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,139 
   
  
     
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   (248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   (788) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,550 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   240,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,250) 
   
  
     
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,482 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   913 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,504 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   447 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,379 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   242,347 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,087 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,274) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,482 
   
  
 


 (a)  Represents
the amount of other-than-temporary impairments recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income. Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on impaired
securities relating to changes in the fair value of such securities subsequent
to the impairment measurement date.                

 (b)  At
December 31, 2016 and 2015, bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $33.6 billion and $34.9 billion,
respectively. 

 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  212   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Securities Available for Sale in a Loss
Position 

 The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized
losses on our available for sale securities, aggregated by major investment
category and length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Less than 12 Months 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 Months or More 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   726 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,839 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,928 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,125 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,682 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,140 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,317 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,514 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,473 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,987 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   278 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   573 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,926 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,595 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,217 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,182 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,595 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,274 
   
  
 


 At December
31, 2016, we held 11,225 and 113 individual fixed maturity and equity
securities, respectively, that were in an unrealized loss position, of which 1,795
individual fixed maturity securities were in a continuous unrealized loss
position for 12 months or more. We did not recognize the unrealized losses in
earnings on these fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2016 because we
neither intend to sell the securities nor do we believe that it is more likely
than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of
their amortized cost basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant
declines, we performed fundamental credit analyses on a security-by-security
basis, which included consideration of credit enhancements, expected defaults
on underlying collateral, review of relevant industry analyst reports and
forecasts and other available market data. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            213 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Contractual
Maturities of Fixed Maturity Securities Available for Sale 

 The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of
fixed maturity securities available for sale by contractual maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total Fixed Maturity Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed Maturity Securities Available  
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
   Available for Sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale in a Loss Position 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,796 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,994 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   581 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,200 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,958 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,841 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,226 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,332 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,301 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,629 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,110 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   241,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73,618 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,493 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,176 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,103 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,196 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,847 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,494 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,459 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,686 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,418 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,755 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,483 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,771 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,521 
   
  
 


 Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers
have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. 

 The following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized
losses from sales or maturities of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   801 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   800 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   517 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,873 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   815 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   451 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   142 
   
  
 


 For the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the aggregate fair value of
available for sale securities sold was $30.2 billion, $28.7 billion and $25.3
billion, which resulted in net realized capital gains of $1.1 billion, $1.1
billion and $0.7 billion, respectively.  


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  214   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Other Securities
Measured at Fair Value 

 The following table presents the fair value of other securities
measured at fair value based on our election of the fair value option: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored
  entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,939 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and
  political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,772 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,025 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,230 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   603 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS and other collateralized * 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,608 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,273 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,236 
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,253 
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,480 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,703 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
$421 million and $712 million of U.S. Government agency backed ABS at December
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 Other Invested Assets 

 The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of other
invested assets: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments (a) (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,379 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,150 
   
  
 
   
   Investment real estate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,579 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,606 
   
  
 
   
   All other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,794 
   
  
 


 (a)  At
December 31, 2016, includes hedge funds of $7.2 billion, private equity funds
of $5.5 billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $625 million. At
December 31, 2015, includes hedge funds of $10.9 billion, private equity funds
of $6.5 billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $701 million.  

 (b)  Approximately
72 percent and 15 percent of our hedge fund portfolio is available for
redemption in 2017 and 2018, respectively, an additional 7 percent will be
available between 2019 and 2024. 

 (c)  Net
of accumulated depreciation of $451 million and $668 million in 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

 (d)  Consists
of investments in aircraft equipment held in a consolidated trust.  

 Other Invested Assets Carried at Fair Value 

 Certain
hedge funds, private equity funds, and other investment partnerships for which
we have elected the fair value option are reported at fair value with changes
in fair value recognized in Net investment income with the exception of investments
of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes are reported in Other
income.  Other investments in hedge funds, private equity funds and other
investment partnerships in which our insurance operations do not hold aggregate
interests sufficient to exercise more than minor influence over the respective
partnerships are reported at fair value with changes in fair value recognized
as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income.  These investments are subject to other-than-temporary
impairment evaluations (see discussion below on evaluating equity investments
for other-than-temporary impairment). The gross unrealized loss recorded in
Accumulated other comprehensive income on such investments was $32 million
and $33 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the majority
of which pertains to investments in private equity funds and hedge funds that
have been in continuous unrealized loss positions for less than 12 months. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            215 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Other Invested Assets – Equity Method
Investments  

 We
account for hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable housing partnerships
and other investment partnerships using the equity method of accounting unless
our interest is so minor that we may have virtually no influence over
partnership operating and financial policies, or we have elected the fair value
option. Under the equity method of accounting, our carrying amount generally is
our share of the net asset value of the funds or the partnerships, and changes
in our share of the net asset values are recorded in Net investment income with
the exception of investments of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes
are reported in Other income. In applying the equity method of accounting, we
consistently use the most recently available financial information provided by
the general partner or manager of each of these investments, which is one to
three months prior to the end of our reporting period. The financial statements
of these investees are generally audited annually.  

 Summarized Financial Information of Equity Method Investees 

 The following is the aggregated summarized financial information
of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair value option
has been elected: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Operating results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,512 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,055 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,579 
   
  
 
   
      Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,361) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,898) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,828) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,151 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,157 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,751 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158,306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201,007 
   
  
 
   
      Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37,336) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (33,424) 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the carrying amount and ownership percentage
of equity method investments at December 31, 2016 and 2015: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except percentages) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity method investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Summarized
financial information for these equity method investees may be presented on a
lag, due to the unavailability of information for the investees at our
respective balance sheet dates, and is included for the periods in which we
held an equity method ownership interest .  

 Other Investments 

 Also included in
Other invested assets are real estate held for investment and investments in
aircraft equipment held in a consolidated trust. These investments are reported
at cost, less depreciation and are subject to impairment review, as discussed
below. 

 Investments in Life Settlements 

 Investments
in life settlements are accounted for under the investment method. Under the
investment method, we recognize our initial investment in life settlements at
the transaction price plus all initial direct external costs. Continuing costs
to keep the policy in force, primarily life insurance premiums, increase the
carrying amount of the investment. We recognize income on individual
investments in life settlements when the insured dies, at an amount equal to
the excess of the investment proceeds over the carrying amount of the
investment at that time. These investments are subject to impairment review, as
discussed below. 

 During
2016, 2015 and 2014, income recognized on investments in life settlements was $453 million,
$332 million and $407 million, respectively, and is included in Net
investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  216   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 The following
table presents further information regarding investments in life settlements: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Number
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
   Face
  Value 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   (Death
  Benefits) 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Life Expectancy of Insureds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      0 – 1 year 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      1 – 2 years 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
      2 – 3 years 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
      3 – 4 years 
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
      4 – 5 years 
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   404 
   
  
 
   
      Thereafter 
   
  
   3,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,266 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
   3,448 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,516 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,787 
   
  
 


 Remaining
life expectancy for year 0-1 references policies whose current life expectancy
is less than 12 months as of the valuation date. Remaining life expectancy
is not an indication of expected maturity. Actual maturity dates in any
category may vary significantly (either earlier or later) from the remaining
life expectancies reported above. 

 At December 31,
2016, management’s best estimate of the life insurance premiums required to
keep the investments in life settlements in force, payable in the 12 months
ending December 31, 2017 and the four succeeding years ending
December 31, 2021 are $390 million, $402 million, $414 million,
$422 million and $429 million, respectively. 

 Net Investment Income 

 Net investment income represents income
primarily from the following sources: 

 •       Interest
income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums and accretion
of discounts with changes in the timing and the amount of expected principal
and interest cash flows reflected in yield, as applicable. 

 •       Dividend
income from common and preferred stocks. 

 •       Realized
and unrealized gains and losses from investments in other securities and
investments for which we elected the fair value option. 

 •       Earnings
from alternative investments. 

 •       The
difference between the carrying amount of an investment in life settlements and
the life insurance proceeds of the underlying life insurance policy recorded in
income upon the death of the insured. 

 The
following table presents the components of Net investment income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities, including
  short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,322 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
 
   
   Interest on mortgage and other loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
 
   
   Total investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,596 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
   528 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
 


 *    Beginning in the first quarter of
2016, the presentation of income on alternative investments has been refined to
include only income from hedge funds, private equity funds and affordable
housing partnerships. Prior period disclosures have been reclassified to
conform to this presentation. Hedge funds for which we elected the fair value
option are recorded as of the balance sheet date. Other hedge funds are
generally reported on a one-month lag, while private equity funds are generally
reported on a one-quarter lag. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            217 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Net
Realized Capital Gains and Losses 

 Net realized capital gains and losses are
determined by specific identification. The net realized capital gains and
losses are generated primarily from the following sources: 

 •       Sales
or full redemptions of available for sale fixed maturity securities, available
for sale equity securities, real estate and other alternative investments. 

 •       Reductions
to the amortized cost basis of available for sale fixed maturity securities,
available for sale equity securities and certain other invested assets for
other-than-temporary impairments. 

 •       Impairments
on investments in life settlements. 

 •       Changes
in fair value of derivatives except for (1) those derivatives at AIGFP and
(2) those instruments that are designated as hedging instruments when the
change in the fair value of the hedged item is not reported in Net realized
capital gains (losses).  

 •       Exchange
gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions. 

 The
following table presents the components of Net realized capital gains (losses): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   94 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   585 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   (433) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,226) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   598 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives and hedge accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   (944) 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments on investments in life
  settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (540) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
 
   
   Other (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,944) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   776 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   739 
   
  
 


 (a)  In
2016 and 2015 includes realized gains on the sale of a portion of our holdings
in  People’s Insurance Company (Group) of
China Limited and PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively,
our PICC Investment) . 

 ( b)  In 2016, primarily includes
$107 million of realized gains due to a purchase price adjustment on the sale
of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. and losses of $253 million from
the sale of a portion of our Life Settlements portfolio. In 2015, primarily
includes $357 million of realized gains due to the sale of common shares of
SpringLeaf Holdings (now known as OneMain Holdings, Inc.), $428 million of
realized gains due to the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc.
and $463 million of realized losses due to the sale of ordinary shares of
AerCap . 

 Change in Unrealized Appreciation
(Depreciation) of Investments 

 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of our available for sale securities and other
investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,019 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,275) 
   
  
 
   
     Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (929) 
   
  
 
   
     Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (803) 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   605 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,007) 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes net unrealized gains
attributable to businesses held for sale. 

 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  218   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Evaluating
Investments for Other-Than-Temporary Impairments 

 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 If we intend to sell a fixed maturity security or
it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a fixed maturity
security before recovery of its amortized cost basis and the fair value of the
security is below amortized cost, an other-than-temporary impairment has
occurred and the amortized cost is written down to current fair value, with a
corresponding charge to realized capital losses. When assessing our intent to
sell a fixed maturity security, or whether it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis, management evaluates relevant facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to, decisions to reposition our investment
portfolio, sales of securities to meet cash flow needs and sales of securities
to take advantage of favorable pricing.  

 For fixed maturity securities for which a credit impairment
has occurred, the amortized cost is written down to the estimated recoverable
value with a corresponding charge to realized capital losses. The estimated
recoverable value is the present value of cash flows expected to be collected,
as determined by management.  The difference between fair value and amortized
cost that is not related to a credit impairment is presented in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity securities on which
other-than-temporary credit impairments were recognized (a separate component
of accumulated other comprehensive income). 

 When estimating future cash flows for
structured fixed maturity securities (e.g., RMBS, CMBS, CDO, ABS) management
considers historical performance of underlying assets and available market
information as well as bond-specific structural considerations, such as credit
enhancement and priority of payment structure of the security. In addition, the
process of estimating future cash flows includes, but is not limited to, the
following critical inputs, which vary by asset class: 

 •       Current
delinquency rates; 

 •       Expected
default rates and the timing of such defaults; 

 •       Loss
severity and the timing of any recovery; and 

 •       Expected
prepayment speeds. 

 For corporate, municipal and sovereign fixed
maturity securities determined to be credit impaired, management considers the
fair value as the recoverable value when available information does not
indicate that another value is more relevant or reliable. When management
identifies information that supports a recoverable value other than the fair
value, the determination of a recoverable value considers scenarios specific to
the issuer and the security, and may be based upon estimates of outcomes of
corporate restructurings, political and macroeconomic factors, stability and
financial strength of the issuer, the value of any secondary sources of
repayment and the disposition of assets. 

 We consider severe price declines in our assessment of
potential credit impairments. We may also modify our model inputs when we
determine that price movements in certain sectors are indicative of factors not
captured by the cash flow models.  

 In periods subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity
securities that is not foreign exchange related, we prospectively accrete into
earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the expected
undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining expected holding period of
the security. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            219 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Credit
Impairments 

 The following table presents a rollforward of the
cumulative credit losses in other-than-temporary impairments recognized in
earnings for available for sale fixed maturity securities: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,872 
   
  
 
   
      Increases due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impairments on new
  securities subject to impairment losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
         Additional credit impairments on
  previously impaired securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
      Reductions due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities fully
  disposed of for which there was no 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            prior intent or requirement to
  sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   (296) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (399) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (613) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities for
  which there is a current intent or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            anticipated requirement to sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Accretion on securities previously
  impaired due to credit * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
 
   
   Divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
 


 *    Represents both accretion
recognized due to changes in cash flows expected to be collected over the
remaining expected term of the credit impaired securities and the accretion due
to the passage of time. 

 Equity
Securities 

 We evaluate our
available for sale equity securities for impairment by considering such
securities as candidates for other-than-temporary impairment if they meet any
of the following criteria: 

 •       The
security has traded at a significant (25 percent or more) discount to cost
for an extended period of time (nine consecutive months or longer); 

 •       A
discrete credit event has occurred resulting in (i) the issuer defaulting
on a material outstanding obligation; (ii) the issuer seeking protection
from creditors under the bankruptcy laws or any similar laws intended for
court-supervised reorganization of insolvent enterprises; or (iii) the
issuer proposing a voluntary reorganization pursuant to which creditors are
asked to exchange their claims for cash or securities having a fair value
substantially lower than the par value of their claims; or 

 •       We
have concluded that we may not realize a full recovery on our investment,
regardless of the occurrence of one of the foregoing events. 

 The determination that an equity security is
other-than-temporarily impaired requires the judgment of management and
consideration of the fundamental condition of the issuer, its near-term
prospects and all the relevant facts and circumstances. In addition to the above
criteria, all equity securities that have been in a continuous decline in value
below cost over twelve months are impaired. We also consider circumstances of a
rapid and severe market valuation decline (50 percent or more) discount to
cost, in which we could not reasonably assert that the impairment period would
be temporary (severity losses). 

 Other Invested Assets 

 Our equity and cost method investments in private
equity funds, hedge funds and other entities are evaluated for impairment
similar to the evaluation of equity securities for impairments as discussed
above. Such evaluation considers market conditions, events and volatility that
may impact the recoverability of the underlying investments within these
private equity funds and hedge funds and is based on the nature of the
underlying investments and specific inherent risks. Such risks may evolve based
on the nature of the underlying investments. 

 Our investments in life settlements are monitored for
impairment on a contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life
settlements is considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting
from the expected proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated
future carrying amount, which is the current carrying amount for the investment
in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums and other
capitalizable future costs, if any.  Impaired investments in life settlements
are written down to their estimated fair value which is determined on a
discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality assumptions
and market yields.  


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  220   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 In general, fair value estimates
for the investments in life settlements are calculated using cash flows based
on medical underwriting ratings of the policies from a third-party underwriter,
applied to an industry mortality table. Our mortality assumptions are based on
an industry table as supplemented with proprietary data on the older age
mortality of U.S. insured lives. Mortality improvement factors are applied to these
assumptions based on our view of future mortality improvements likely to apply
to the U.S. insured lives population. Our mortality assumptions coupled with
the mortality improvement rates are used in our estimate of future net cash
flows from the   investments in
life settlements.  

 Our investments in aircraft assets and real estate are
periodically evaluated for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of an asset may be impaired. When impairment
indicators are present, we compare expected investment cash flows to carrying
amount. When the expected cash flows are less than the carrying amount, the
investments are written down to fair value with a corresponding charge to
earnings. 

 Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI) Securities 

 We
purchase certain RMBS securities that have experienced deterioration in credit
quality since their issuance. We determine whether it is probable at
acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required payments for
these PCI securities, including both principal and interest. At acquisition,
the timing and amount of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
received on each PCI security is determined based on our best estimate using
key assumptions, such as interest rates, default rates and prepayment speeds.
At acquisition, the difference between the undiscounted expected future cash
flows of the PCI securities and the recorded investment in the securities
represents the initial accretable yield, which is accreted into Net investment
income over their remaining lives on an effective yield basis. Additionally,
the difference between the contractually required payments on the PCI
securities and the undiscounted expected future cash flows represents the
non-accretable difference at acquisition. The accretable yield and the
non-accretable difference will change over time, based on actual payments
received and changes in estimates of undiscounted expected future cash flows,
which are discussed further below.  

 On a quarterly
basis, the undiscounted expected future cash flows associated with PCI
securities are re-evaluated based on updates to key assumptions. Declines in
undiscounted expected future cash flows due to further credit deterioration as
well as changes in the expected timing of the cash flows can result in the
recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge, as PCI securities are
subject to our policy for evaluating investments for other-than-temporary
impairment. Changes to undiscounted expected future cash flows due solely to
the changes in the contractual benchmark interest rates on variable rate PCI
securities will change the accretable yield prospectively. Significant
increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows for reasons other than
interest rate changes are recognized prospectively as adjustments to the
accretable yield.  

 The following tables present information on our PCI securities,
which are included in bonds available for sale: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   At Date of Acquisition 
   
  
 
   
   Contractually required payments
  (principal and interest) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,885 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows expected to be collected * 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,314 
   
  
 
   
   Recorded investment in acquired
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,689 
   
  
 


 *    Represents
undiscounted expected cash flows, including both principal and interest. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding principal balance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,728 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,871 
   
  
 
   
   Amortized cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,987 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,303 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,164 
   
  
 


 The following table presents activity for the accretable yield on PCI
securities:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,846 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,865 
   
  
 
   
      Newly purchased PCI securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
 
   
      Disposals 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
      Accretion 
   
  
     
   
  
   (842) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (879) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of changes in interest rate
  indices 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (251) 
   
  
 
   
      Net reclassification from (to)
  non-accretable difference 
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
     
   
  
   428 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,498 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,846 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            221 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Pledged Investments 

 Secured Financing and Similar Arrangements 

 We
enter into secured financing transactions whereby certain securities are sold
under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), in which we transfer
securities in exchange for cash, with an agreement by us to repurchase the same
or substantially similar securities. Our secured financing transactions also
include those that involve the transfer of securities to financial institutions
in exchange for cash (securities lending agreements). In all of these secured
financing transactions, the securities transferred by us (pledged collateral)
may be sold or repledged by the counterparties. These agreements are recorded
at their contracted amounts plus accrued interest, other than those that are
accounted for at fair value. 

 Pledged
collateral levels are monitored daily and are generally maintained at an
agreed-upon percentage of the fair value of the amounts borrowed during the
life of the transactions. In the event of a decline in the fair value of the
pledged collateral under these secured financing transactions, we may be
required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral under
these agreements.  At the termination of the transactions, we and our
counterparties are obligated to return the amounts borrowed and the securities
transferred, respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged
to counterparties under secured financing transactions,  including repurchase and securities lending
agreements:   

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,145 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,740 
   
  
 


 At December
31, 2016 and 2015, amounts borrowed under repurchase and securities lending
agreements totaled  $4.2  billion and  $2.9  billion , respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged
under our repurchase agreements by collateral type and by remaining contractual
maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Overnight
  and Continuous 
   
  
     
   
  
   up
  to 30 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   31
  - 90 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   91
  - 364 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   365
  days or greater 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
     
   
  
   860 
   
  
     
   
  
   725 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,748 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   860 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   776 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,799 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,691 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  222   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 The following table presents the fair value
of securities pledged under our securities lending agreements by collateral
type and by remaining contractual maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Overnight
  and Continuous 
   
  
     
   
  
   up
  to 30 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   31
  - 90 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   91
  - 364 days 
   
  
     
   
  
   365
  days or greater 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and
  political  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,257 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   914 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   914 
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,095 
   
  
 


 We also enter into agreements in
which securities are purchased by us under agreements to resell (reverse
repurchase agreements), which are accounted for as secured financing
transactions and reported as short-term investments or other assets, depending
on their terms. These agreements  are
recorded at their contracted resale amounts plus accrued interest, other than
those that are accounted for at fair value.  In
all reverse repurchase transactions, we take possession of or obtain a security
interest in the related securities, and we have the right to sell or repledge
this collateral received. 

 The following table presents information on
the fair value of securities pledged to us under reverse repurchase agreements: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
   Securities collateral pledged to us 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,434 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,742 
   
  
 
   
   Amount sold or repledged by us 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 Insurance – Statutory and Other Deposits 

 Total
carrying values of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries
under requirements of regulatory authorities or other insurance-related
arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations and certain
reinsurance treaties, were $4.9 billion at both December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 Other Pledges and Restrictions 

 Certain
of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) and such
membership requires the members to own stock in these FHLBs. We owned an
aggregate of $114 million and $47 million of stock in FHLBs at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, our subsidiaries have pledged
securities available for sale and residential loans associated with advances
from FHLB, with a fair value of $3.4 billion and $17 million, respectively, at
December 31, 2016 and securities available for sale at December 31, 2015 with a
fair value of  $1.2 billion. 

 Certain GIAs
have provisions that require collateral to be posted or payments to be made by
us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings. The actual amount of
collateral required to be posted to the counterparties in the event of such
downgrades, and the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to
make, depend on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected
transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the
downgrade. The fair value of securities pledged as collateral with respect to
these obligations was approximately $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion at December
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This collateral primarily consists of
securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities and
generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            223 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    6. Investments   

   


 
 Investments held in escrow accounts or otherwise subject to
restriction as to their use were $523 million, comprised of bonds available for
sale and short term investments and $439 million comprised of short term
investments at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 



 
  



 

 7. Lending Activities 

 


 Mortgage and
other loans receivable include commercial mortgages, residential mortgages,
life insurance policy loans, commercial loans, and other loans and notes
receivable. Commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, commercial loans, and
other loans and notes receivable are carried at unpaid principal balances less
allowance for credit losses and plus or minus adjustments for the accretion or
amortization of discount or premium. Interest income on such loans is accrued
as earned. 

 Direct
costs of originating commercial mortgages, commercial loans, and other loans
and notes receivable, net of nonrefundable points and fees, are deferred and
included in the carrying amount of the related receivables. The amount deferred
is amortized to income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method.
Premiums and discounts on purchased residential mortgages are also amortized to
income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method. 

 Life insurance
policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. There is no allowance
for policy loans because these loans serve to reduce the death benefit paid
when the death claim is made and the balances are effectively collateralized by
the cash surrender value of the policy. 

 The following table presents the composition of Mortgage and other
loans receivable, net: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial mortgages * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,067 
   
  
 
   
   Residential mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,828 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance policy loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,597 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial loans, other loans and notes
  receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,451 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage and other loans
  receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,873 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (297) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable,
  net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,240 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,565 
   
  
 


 *    Commercial
mortgages primarily represent loans for offices, apartments and retail, with
exposures in New York and California representing the largest geographic
concentrations (aggregating approximately 24 percent and 12 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2016, and 22 percent and 12 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2015).  

 Nonperforming
loans are generally those loans where payment of contractual principal or
interest is more than 90 days past due.  Nonperforming mortgages were not
significant for all periods presented. 

 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  224   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    7. Lending Activities   

   


 
 Credit Quality of Commercial Mortgages 

 The following table presents debt service coverage ratios and
loan-to-value ratios for commercial mortgages: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Debt Service Coverage Ratios (a) 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   >1.20X 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.00X - 1.20X 
   
  
     
   
  
   <1.00X 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loan-to-Value
  Ratios (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less than
  65% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,998 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,694 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,924 
   
  
 
   
   65% to 75% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   575 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,583 
   
  
 
   
   76% to 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
     
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,068 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  commercial mortgages 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,661 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,835 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   546 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loan-to-Value
  Ratios (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less than
  65% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,283 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,704 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,137 
   
  
 
   
   65% to 75% 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,017 
   
  
 
   
   76% to 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,620 
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 80% 
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
   421 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,293 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  commercial mortgages 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,710 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,067 
   
  
 


 (a)  The
debt service coverage ratio compares a property’s net operating income to its
debt service payments, including principal and interest.  

 (b)  The
loan-to-value ratio compares the current unpaid principal balance of the loan
to the estimated fair value of the underlying property collateralizing the
loan. 

 The following table presents the credit quality performance
indicators for commercial mortgages: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total (c) 
   
  
   Total
  $ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Performance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good
  standing 
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,830 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,179 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,373 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,589 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,874 
   
  
   99 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or
  less delinquent 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days
  delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process
  of foreclosure 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,005 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,197 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,589 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,042 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance
  for credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  allowance for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   194 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Performance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good
  standing 
   
  
   830 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,916 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,809 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,902 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,082 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,435 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,628 
   
  
   98 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or
  less delinquent 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days
  delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process
  of foreclosure 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,919 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,845 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,067 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance
  for credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  allowance for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)  Loans
that have been modified in troubled debt restructurings and are performing
according to their restructured terms. See discussion of troubled debt
restructurings below. 

 (b)  Does
not reflect allowance for credit losses. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            225 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    7. Lending Activities   

   


 
 (c)  100 percent of the commercial mortgages held at such
respective dates were current as to payments of principal and interest.  There
were no significant amounts of nonperforming commercial mortgages (defined as
those loans where payment of contractual principal or interest is more than 90
days past due) during any of the periods presented.         

 Methodology Used to Estimate the Allowance for Credit Losses 

 Mortgage and
other loans receivable are considered impaired when collection of all amounts
due under contractual terms is not probable. Impairment is measured using
either i) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan’s effective interest rate, ii) the loan’s observable market price, if
available, or iii) the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent.  Impairment of commercial mortgages is typically determined using
the fair value of collateral while impairment of other loans is typically
determined using the present value of cash flows or the loan’s observable
market price.  An allowance is typically established for the difference between
the impaired value of the loan and its current carrying amount. Additional
allowance amounts are established for incurred but not specifically identified
impairments, based on statistical models primarily driven by past due status,
debt service coverage, loan-to-value ratio, property type and location, loan
term, profile of the borrower and of the major property tenants, and loan
seasoning.  When all or a portion of a loan is deemed uncollectible, the
uncollectible portion of the carrying amount of the loan is charged off against
the allowance.  

 Interest income
is not accrued when payment of contractual principal and interest is not
expected.  Any cash received on impaired loans is generally recorded as a
reduction of the current carrying amount of the loan.  Accrual of interest
income is generally resumed when delinquent contractual principal and interest
is repaid or when a portion of the delinquent contractual payments are made and
the ongoing required contractual payments have been made for an appropriate
period. 

 A significant
majority of commercial mortgages in the portfolio are non-recourse loans and,
accordingly, the only guarantees are for specific items that are exceptions to
the non-recourse provisions. It is therefore extremely rare for us to have
cause to enforce the provisions of a guarantee on a commercial real estate or
mortgage loan. 

 The following table presents a rollforward of the changes in the
allowance for credit losses on Mortgage and other loans receivable: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
 
   
      Loans charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
 
   
      Recoveries of loans previously 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
         Net charge-offs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
      Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    194  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    171
   * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    159
   * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
 


 *    Of the
total allowance at the end of the year, $11 million, $24 million and
$55 million relates to individually assessed credit losses on $280 million, $507 million
and $192 million of commercial mortgages as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

 Troubled Debt Restructurings 

 We modify loans
to optimize their returns and improve their collectability, among other things.
When we undertake such a modification with a borrower that is experiencing
financial difficulty and the modification involves us granting a concession to
the troubled debtor, the modification is a troubled debt restructuring (TDR).
We assess whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on a
variety of factors, including the borrower’s current default on any of its
outstanding debt, the probability of a default on any of its debt in the
foreseeable future without the modification, the insufficiency of the
borrower’s forecasted cash flows to service any of its outstanding debt
(including both principal and interest), and the borrower’s inability to access
alternative third-party financing at an interest rate that would be reflective
of current market conditions for a non-troubled debtor. Concessions granted may
include extended maturity dates, interest rate changes, principal or interest forgiveness,
payment deferrals and easing of loan covenants. 

 Loans that had
been modified in troubled debt restructurings during the twelve-month period
ended December 31, 2016 have been fully paid off. For the twelve-month period
ended December 31, 2015, loans with a carrying value of $36 million, were
modified in troubled debt restructurings. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  226   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    8. Reinsurance 

   


 
 8. Reinsurance 

 


 In the ordinary course
of business, our insurance companies may use both treaty and facultative
reinsurance to minimize their net loss exposure to any single catastrophic loss
event or to an accumulation of losses from a number of smaller events or to
provide greater diversification of our businesses. In addition, our general
insurance subsidiaries assume reinsurance from other insurance companies. We
determine the portion of the incurred but not reported (IBNR) loss that will be
recoverable under our reinsurance contracts by reference to the terms of the
reinsurance protection purchased. This determination is necessarily based on
the estimate of IBNR and accordingly, is subject to the same uncertainties as
the estimate of IBNR. Reinsurance assets include the balances due from
reinsurance and insurance companies under the terms of our reinsurance
agreements for paid and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred,
ceded unearned premiums and ceded future policy benefits for life and accident
and health insurance contracts and benefits paid and unpaid. Amounts related to
paid and unpaid losses and benefits and loss expenses with respect to these
reinsurance agreements are substantially collateralized. We remain liable to
the extent that our reinsurers do not meet their obligation under the
reinsurance contracts, and as such, we regularly evaluate the financial
condition of our reinsurers and monitor concentration of our credit risk. The
estimation of the allowance for doubtful accounts requires judgment for which
key inputs typically include historical trends regarding uncollectible
balances, disputes and credit events as well as specific reviews of balances in
dispute or subject to credit impairment. The allowance for doubtful accounts on
reinsurance assets was $207 million and $272 million at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Changes in the allowance for
doubtful accounts on reinsurance assets are reflected in Policyholder benefits
and losses incurred within the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 The following table provides supplemental information for loss and
benefit reserves, gross and net of ceded reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   At December 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (77,077) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (61,545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74,942) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (60,603) 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and
  accident and health insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,204) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43,585) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,506) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve for unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,634) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,280) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,380) 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,950 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,356 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a)  Represents
gross reinsurance assets, excluding allowances and reinsurance recoverable on
paid losses. 

 Short-Duration Reinsurance 

 Short-duration
reinsurance is effected under reinsurance treaties and by negotiation on
individual risks. Certain of these reinsurance arrangements consist of excess
of loss contracts that protect us against losses above stipulated amounts.
Ceded premiums are considered prepaid reinsurance premiums and are recognized
as a reduction of premiums earned over the contract period in proportion to the
protection received. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on short-duration
contracts are estimated in a manner consistent with the claims liabilities associated
with the reinsurance and presented as a component of Reinsurance assets.
Assumed reinsurance premiums are earned primarily on a pro-rata basis over the
terms of the reinsurance contracts and the portion of premiums relating to the
unexpired terms of coverage is included in the reserve for unearned premiums.
For both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met
for reinsurance accounting to apply. If risk transfer requirements are not met,
the contract is accounted for as a deposit, resulting in the recognition of
cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as
revenue or expense. To meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract
must include both insurance risk, consisting of both underwriting and timing
risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming
entity. Similar risk transfer criteria are used to determine whether directly
written insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or as a
deposit. 

 The following table presents short-duration insurance premiums
written and earned: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums written: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,970 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,698 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,375 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,399 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,561) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,318) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            227 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    8. Reinsurance 

   


 
   

 
  
   
   Premiums earned: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,869 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,707 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,962 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,258 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,593) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,140) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,825 
   
  
 


 For the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, reinsurance recoveries, which
reduced losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, amounted to $2.1 billion,
$4.1 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively. 

 Long-Duration Reinsurance 

 Long-duration
reinsurance is effected principally under yearly renewable term treaties. The
premiums with respect to these treaties are earned over the contract period in
proportion to the protection provided. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on
long-duration contracts are estimated in a manner consistent with the
assumptions used for the underlying policy benefits and are presented as a
component of Reinsurance assets. 

 The following table presents premiums for our long-duration life
insurance and annuity operations:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Gross premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,732 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,240 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,070 
   
  
 
   
   Ceded premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,409 
   
  
 


 Long-duration
reinsurance recoveries, which reduced Policyholder benefits and losses
incurred, were approximately $1.0 billion for both of the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015, and $731 million for the year ended December 31,
2014.  

 The following table presents long-duration insurance in-force
ceded to other insurance companies: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force ceded 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180,178 
   
  
 


 Long-duration
insurance in-force assumed represented 0.03 percent of
gross long-duration insurance in-force at December 31, 2016, and 0.04
percent at both December 31, 2015 and 2014; and premiums assumed represented 3
percent, 0.1 percent and 0.5 percent of gross premiums for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and  2014,
respectively. 

 The  U.S. Life Insurance Companies manage the capital impact of
their statutory reserve requirements, including those resulting from the NAIC
Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) and
NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX), through unaffiliated and
affiliated reinsurance transactions. Effective July 1, 2016, one of the U.S.
Life Insurance Companies entered into an agreement to cede approximately $5
billion of statutory reserves for certain whole life and universal life
policies to an unaffiliated reinsurer. Effective December 31, 2016, the same
life insurance subsidiary recaptured term and universal life reserves subject
to Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX, previously ceded to an affiliate, and
ceded approximately $14 billion of such statutory reserves to an unaffiliated
reinsurer under an amendment to the July 1, 2016 agreement. Under GAAP, these
unaffiliated reinsurance transactions use deposit accounting with a reinsurance
risk charge recorded in income, whereas such affiliated transactions are
eliminated in consolidation. Under one affiliated reinsurance arrangement, one
of the U.S. Life Insurance Companies obtains letters of credit to support
statutory recognition of the ceded reinsurance.  As of December 31, 2016, this subsidiary had two bilateral letters of
credit totaling $450 million, which were issued on February 7, 2014 and expire
on February 7, 2020. The letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by AIG
Parent in the event of a drawdown. See Note 19 for additional information on
the use of affiliated reinsurance for Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX
reserves. 

 Reinsurance Security 

 Our third-party
reinsurance arrangements do not relieve us from our direct obligations to our
beneficiaries. Thus, a credit exposure exists with respect to both
short-duration and long-duration reinsurance ceded to the extent that any
reinsurer fails to meet the obligations assumed under any reinsurance
agreement. We hold substantial collateral as security under related reinsurance
agreements in the form of funds, securities, and/or letters of credit. A
provision has been recorded for estimated unrecoverable reinsurance.  We
believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an inappropriate
concentration of credit risk to AIG.  Gross  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  228   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    8. Reinsurance 

   


 
 reinsurance
assets with our three largest reinsurers aggregate to approximately $8.2
billion and $6.5 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which
approximately $4.4 billion and $3.7 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, was not secured by collateral. 



 
  



 

 9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

 


 Deferred policy
acquisition costs (DAC) represent those costs that are incremental and directly
related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance
contracts.  We defer incremental costs that result directly from, and are
essential to, the acquisition or renewal of an insurance contract.  Such
deferred policy acquisition costs generally include agent or broker commissions
and bonuses, premium taxes, and medical and inspection fees that would not have
been incurred if the insurance contract had not been acquired or renewed. Each
cost is analyzed to assess whether it is fully deferrable.  We partially defer
costs, including certain commissions, when we do not believe that the entire
cost is directly related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts. 

 We also defer a
portion of employee total compensation and payroll-related fringe benefits
directly related to time spent performing specific acquisition or renewal
activities, including costs associated with the time spent on underwriting,
policy issuance and processing, and sales force contract selling. The amounts
deferred are derived based on successful efforts for each distribution channel
and/or cost center from which the cost originates. 

 Short-duration insurance contracts:     Policy acquisition costs are deferred and amortized over the
period in which the related premiums written are earned, generally 12 months.
DAC is grouped consistent with the manner in which the insurance contracts are
acquired, serviced and measured for profitability and is reviewed for
recoverability based on the profitability of the underlying insurance
contracts. Investment income is anticipated in assessing the recoverability of
DAC. We assess the recoverability of DAC on an annual basis or more frequently
if circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. This assessment is
performed by comparing recorded net unearned premiums and anticipated
investment income on in-force business to the sum of expected losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred, unamortized DAC and maintenance costs. If the sum
of these costs exceeds the amount of recorded net unearned premiums and
anticipated investment income, the excess is recognized as an offset against
the asset established for DAC. This offset is referred to as a premium
deficiency charge. Increases in expected losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred can have a significant impact on the likelihood and amount of a
premium deficiency charge. 

 Long-duration insurance contracts :       Policy acquisition
costs for participating life, traditional life and accident and health
insurance products are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, over
the premium paying period. The assumptions used to calculate the benefit
liabilities and DAC for these traditional products are set when a policy is
issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss
recognition event occurs. These “locked-in” assumptions include mortality, morbidity,
persistency, maintenance expenses and investment returns, and include margins
for adverse deviation to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might
deviate from these assumptions.  A loss recognition event occurs when there is
a shortfall between the carrying amount of future policy benefit liabilities,
net of DAC, and what the future policy benefit liabilities, net of DAC, would
be when applying updated current assumptions.  When we determine a loss
recognition event has occurred, we first reduce any DAC related to that block
of business through amortization of acquisition expense, and after DAC is
depleted, we record additional liabilities through a charge to Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred.  Groupings for loss recognition testing are
consistent with our manner of acquiring, servicing and measuring the
profitability of the business and applied by product groupings.  We perform
separate loss recognition tests for traditional life products, payout annuities
and long-term care products.  Once loss recognition has been recorded for a
block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set
used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle. 

 Investment-oriented contracts:    Policy
acquisition costs and policy issuance costs related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment - oriented products) are
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over the estimated lives of the
contracts. Estimated gross profits include net investment income and spreads,
net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and
mortality gains and losses. In each reporting period, current period
amortization expense is adjusted to reflect actual gross profits. If estimated
gross profits change significantly, DAC is recalculated using the new
assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. If the new
assumptions indicate that future estimated gross profits are higher than
previously estimated, DAC will be increased resulting in a decrease in
amortization expense and increase in income in the current period; if future
estimated gross profits are lower than previously estimated, DAC will be
decreased resulting in an increase in amortization expense and decrease in
income in the current period. Updating such assumptions may result in
acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization
in other products. DAC is grouped consistent with the manner in which the
insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for profitability and
is reviewed for recoverability based on the current and projected future
profitability of the underlying insurance contracts. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            229 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

   


 
 To estimate future estimated gross profits for variable
annuity products, a long-term annual asset growth assumption is applied to
determine the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  In
determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the
equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a “reversion to the
mean” methodology whereby short-term asset growth above or below long-term
annual rate assumptions impact the growth assumption applied to the five-year
period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean
methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also
giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  When
actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth
assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions in the five-year reversion to the
mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap)
for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the
growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean
period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent
periods.   

 Shadow DAC and Shadow Loss Recognition:     DAC related to investment-oriented products is also adjusted
to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity and
equity securities available for sale on estimated gross profits, with related
changes recognized through Other comprehensive income (shadow DAC). The
adjustment is made at each balance sheet date, as if the securities had been
sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at
current yields.  Similarly, for long-duration traditional insurance contracts,
if the assets supporting the liabilities maintain a temporary net unrealized
gain position at the balance sheet date, loss recognition testing assumptions
are updated to exclude such gains from future cash flows by reflecting the
impact of reinvestment rates on future yields.  If a future loss is anticipated
under this basis, any additional shortfall indicated by loss recognition tests
is recognized as a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income (shadow
loss recognition).  Similar to other loss recognition on long-duration
insurance contracts, such shortfall is first reflected as a reduction in DAC
and secondly as an increase in liabilities for future policy benefits.  The
change in these adjustments, net of tax, is included with the change in net
unrealized appreciation of investments that is credited or charged directly to
Other comprehensive income. 

 Internal Replacements of Long-duration and
Investment-oriented Products:   For
some products, policyholders can elect to modify product benefits, features,
rights or coverages by exchanging a contract for a new contract or by
amendment, endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by the election of a feature
or coverage within a contract. These transactions are known as internal
replacements.   If the modification does not substantially change the
contract, we do not change the accounting and amortization of existing DAC and
related actuarial balances.  If an internal replacement represents a
substantial change, the original contract is considered to be extinguished and
any related DAC or other policy balances are charged or credited to income, and
any new deferrable costs associated with the replacement contract are deferred. 

 Value of
Business Acquired (VOBA) is determined at the time of acquisition and is
reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with DAC. This value is based on
the present value of future pre-tax profits discounted at yields applicable at
the time of purchase. For participating life, traditional life and accident and
health insurance products, VOBA is amortized over the life of the business in a
manner similar to that for DAC based on the assumptions at purchase. For
investment - oriented
products, VOBA is amortized in relation to estimated gross profits and adjusted
for the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity and equity
securities available for sale in a manner similar to DAC. 

 The following table presents a rollforward of DAC and VOBA: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
      Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,828 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,436 
   
  
 
   
      Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,919 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,236) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,330) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net unrealized gains
  (losses) on securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   848 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, including foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
      Reclassified to Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,828 
   
  
 
   
   Supplemental Information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      VOBA amortization expense included in
  DAC amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      VOBA, end of year included in DAC
  balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
 


 *    Net of
reductions in DAC of $842 million, $583 million, and $1.4 billion at December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, related to the effect of net unrealized
gains and losses on available for sale securities (shadow DAC). 

 The
percentage of the unamortized balance of VOBA at December 31, 2016 expected to
be amortized in 2017 through 2021 by year is: 8.6 percent, 7.9 percent,
7.2 percent, 6.8 percent and 6.2 percent, respectively, with
63.3 percent being amortized after five years.  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  230   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    9. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

   


 
 These
projections are based on current estimates for investment income and spreads,
persistency, mortality and morbidity assumptions. 

 DAC, VOBA and
SIA for insurance‑oriented and investment‑oriented products are
reviewed for recoverability, which involves estimating the future profitability
of current business. This review involves significant management judgment. If
actual future profitability is substantially lower than estimated, AIG’s DAC,
VOBA and SIA may be subject to an impairment charge and AIG’s results of
operations could be significantly affected in future periods. 



 
  



 

 10. Variable Interest Entities  

 


 A variable
interest entity (VIE) is a legal entity that does not have sufficient equity at
risk to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support or is structured such that equity investors lack the ability to make
significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations through voting rights
or do not substantively participate in the gains and losses of the entity.
Consolidation of a VIE by its primary beneficiary is not based on majority
voting interest, but is based on other criteria discussed below. 

 We enter into
various arrangements with VIEs in the normal course of business and consolidate
the VIEs when we determine we are the primary beneficiary. This analysis
includes a review of the VIE’s capital structure, related contractual
relationships and terms, nature of the VIE’s operations and purpose, nature of
the VIE’s interests issued and our involvement with the entity. When assessing the
need to consolidate a VIE, we evaluate the design of the VIE as well as the
related risks the entity was designed to expose the variable interest holders
to. 

 The primary
beneficiary is the entity that has both (1) the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the entity’s economic
performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to
receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the VIE.  While
also considering these factors, the consolidation conclusion depends on the
breadth of our decision-making ability and our ability to influence activities
that significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE. 

 Balance Sheet Classification and Exposure to Loss 

 The following table presents the total assets and total
liabilities associated with our variable interests in consolidated VIEs, as
classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Real Estate and Investment Entities (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Securitization Vehicles 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured Investment  
   Vehicle 
   
  
     
   
  
   Affordable Housing Partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,233 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,233 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,129 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage
  and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,442 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,547 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,222 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   365 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,995 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,418 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,126 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,973 
   
  
 
   
      Other (d)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   677 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   668 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,650 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Bonds
  available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,324 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,167 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage
  and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,093 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,598 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,851 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   481 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,901 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   354 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,106 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            231 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    10. Variable Interest Entities 

   


 
 
  
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,513 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,597 
   
  
 
   
      Other (d)
   
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   556 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,261 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,153 
   
  
 


 (a)     Comprised
primarily of Short-term investments and Other assets at December 31, 2016 and
2015. 

 (b)  The
assets of each VIE can be used only to settle specific obligations of that VIE. 

 (c)  At December 31, 2016 and 2015,
off-balance sheet exposure primarily consisting of commitments to real estate
and investment entities was $106 million and $131 million, respectively. 

 (d)  Comprised
primarily of Other liabilities and Derivative liabilities, at fair value, at
December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 We
calculate our maximum exposure to loss to be (i) the amount invested in
the debt or equity of the VIE, (ii) the notional amount of VIE assets or
liabilities where we have also provided credit protection to the VIE with the
VIE as the referenced obligation, and (iii) other commitments and
guarantees to the VIE. Interest holders in VIEs sponsored by us generally have
recourse only to the assets and cash flows of the VIEs and do not have recourse
to us, except in limited circumstances when we have provided a guarantee to the
VIE’s interest holders. 

 The following table presents total assets of unconsolidated VIEs
in which we hold a variable interest, as well as our maximum exposure to loss
associated with these VIEs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maximum Exposure to Loss 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  VIE 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   On-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Off-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   409,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,130 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,709 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,869 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,045 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,359 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   416,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,274 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,470 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,255 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   774 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   774 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,061 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,459 
   
  
 


 (a)   At December 31, 2016 and 2015,  $11.7 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively, of our total
unconsolidated VIE assets were recorded as Other invested assets. 

 (b)  These
amounts represent our estimate of the maximum exposure to loss under certain
insurance policies issued to VIEs if a hypothetical loss occurred to the extent
of the full amount of the insured value.  Our insurance policies cover defined
risks and our estimate of liability is included in our insurance reserves on
the balance sheet. 

 (c)  As
discussed in Note 2, on January 1, 2016, we adopted accounting guidance that
resulted in an increase in the number of our investment entities classified as
VIEs. 

 (d)  Comprised
primarily of hedge funds and private equity funds.      

 Real Estate and Investment Entities 

 Through our
insurance operations and AIG Global Real Estate, we are an investor in various
real estate investment entities, some of which are VIEs. These investments are
typically with unaffiliated third - party developers via a partnership or limited liability
company structure. The VIEs’ activities consist of the development or
redevelopment of commercial, industrial and residential real estate. Our involvement
varies from being a passive equity investor or finance provider to actively
managing the activities of the VIEs. 

 Our insurance
operations participate as passive investors in the equity issued by certain third - party - managed hedge and private
equity funds that are VIEs. Our insurance operations typically are not involved
in the design or establishment of these VIEs, nor do they actively participate
in the management of the VIEs. 

 Securitization Vehicles 

 We created certain
VIEs that hold investments, primarily in investment-grade debt securities and
loans, and issued beneficial interests in these investments.  The majority of
these beneficial interests are owned by our insurance operations and we
maintain the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly
impact their economic performance and bear the obligation to absorb losses or
receive benefits from the entities that could potentially be significant to the
entities.  Accordingly, we consolidate these entities and those beneficial
interests issued to third-parties are reported as Long-term debt.   Total assets of consolidated securitization vehicles
are $18.0 billion, of which $17.3 billion represents amounts owed to Parent or
its subsidiaries. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  232   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    10. Variable Interest Entities 

   


 
 Structured Investment Vehicle 

 We sponsor
Nightingale Finance Ltd., a structured investment vehicle (SIV), which is a
VIE.  Nightingale Finance Ltd. primarily invests in variable rate,
investment-grade debt securities, the majority of which are ABS. We have no
equity interest in the SIV, but we maintain the power to direct the activities
of the SIV that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and
bear the obligation to absorb economic losses that could potentially be
significant to the SIV. We are the primary beneficiary and consolidate the SIV. 

 Affordable Housing Partnerships 

 SunAmerica
Affordable Housing Partners, Inc. (SAAHP) organized and invested in
limited partnerships that develop and operate affordable housing qualifying for
federal, state, and historic tax credits, in addition to a few market rate
properties across the United States. The operating partnerships are VIEs, whose
debt is generally non-recourse in nature, and the general partners of which are
mostly unaffiliated third - party developers. We account for our investments in
operating partnerships using the equity method of accounting, unless they are
required to be consolidated. We consolidate an operating partnership if the
general partner is an affiliated entity or we otherwise have the power to
direct activities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic
performance. The pre-tax income of SAAHP is reported as a component of the Consumer
Insurance segment. 

 RMBS, CMBS, Other ABS and CDOs 

 Primarily
through our insurance operations, we are a passive investor in RMBS, CMBS,
other ABS and CDOs, the majority of which are issued by domestic special    purpose entities. We
generally do not sponsor or transfer assets to, or act as the servicer to these
asset - backed
structures, and were not involved in the design of these entities. 

 Our maximum
exposure in these types of structures is limited to our investment in
securities issued by these entities. Based on the nature of our investments and
our passive involvement in these types of structures, we have determined that we
are not the primary beneficiary of these entities. We have not included these
entities in the above tables; however, the fair values of our investments in
these structures are reported in Notes 5 and 6 herein. 



 
  



 

 11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 

 


 We use
derivatives and other financial instruments as part of our financial risk
management programs and as part of our investment operations. Interest rate
derivatives (such as interest rate swaps) are used to manage interest rate risk
associated with embedded derivatives contained in insurance contract
liabilities, fixed maturity securities, outstanding medium‑ and long‑term
notes as well as other interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Foreign
exchange derivatives (principally foreign exchange forwards and options) are
used to economically mitigate risk associated with non‑U.S. dollar
denominated debt, net capital exposures, and foreign currency transactions.
Equity derivatives are used to mitigate financial risk embedded in certain
insurance liabilities. The derivatives are effective economic hedges of the
exposures that they are meant to offset.    In addition to hedging
activities, we also enter into derivative instruments with respect to
investment operations, which may include, among other things, CDSs and
purchases of investments with embedded derivatives, such as equity‑linked
notes and convertible bonds . 

 Interest rate,
currency, equity and commodity swaps, credit contracts, swaptions, options and
forward transactions are accounted for as derivatives, recorded on a trade-date
basis and carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are reflected in
income, when appropriate. Aggregate asset or liability positions are netted on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets only to the extent permitted by qualifying
master netting arrangements in place with each respective counterparty. Cash
collateral posted with counterparties in conjunction with transactions
supported by qualifying master netting arrangements is reported as a reduction
of the corresponding net derivative liability, while cash collateral received
in conjunction with transactions supported by qualifying master netting
arrangements is reported as a reduction of the corresponding net derivative
asset. 

 Derivatives,
with the exception of embedded derivatives, are reported at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other assets and Other liabilities. Embedded
derivatives are generally presented with the host contract in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. A bifurcated embedded derivative is measured at fair value and
accounted for in the same manner as a free standing derivative contract. The
corresponding host contract is accounted for according to the accounting
guidance applicable for that instrument. See Notes 5 and 14 herein for
additional information on embedded derivatives. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            233 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 The following table presents the notional
amounts of our derivatives and the fair value of derivative assets and
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives designated as  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   725 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   914 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives not designated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      as hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,066 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,161 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   861 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   508 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   37,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115,897 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,977 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,938 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102,768 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,048 
   
  
 
   
   Counterparty netting (d)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,265) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash collateral (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (903) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,521) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   consolidated balance sheets (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,020 
   
  
 


 (a)  Fair
value amounts are shown before the effects of counterparty netting adjustments
and offsetting cash collateral. 

 (b )  As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, included CDSs on super
senior multi-sector CDOs with a net notional amount of $0.8 billion and $1.1
billion (fair value liability of $308 million and $483 million), respectively.
The expected weighted average maturity as of December 31, 2016 is six years.
Because of long-term maturities of the CDSs in the portfolio, we are unable to
make reasonable estimates of the periods during which any payments would be
made. However, the net notional amount represents the maximum exposure to loss
on the portfolio. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no super senior
corporate debt/CLOs remaining. 

 (c)  Consists
primarily of stable value wraps and contracts with multiple underlying
exposures. 

 (d)  Represents
netting of derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting
agreement. 

 (e)  Represents
cash collateral posted and received that is eligible for netting. 

 (f)  Freestanding
derivatives only, excludes Embedded derivatives. Derivative instrument assets
and liabilities are recorded in Other Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 
Fair value of assets related to bifurcated Embedded derivatives was zero at
both  December 31, 2016  and December 31,  2015 . Fair value of liabilities related to bifurcated Embedded
derivatives was $3.1 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, at December 31,
2016 and December 31, 2015. A bifurcated Embedded derivative is generally
presented with the host contract in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Embedded
derivatives are primarily related to guarantee features in variable annuity
products, which include equity and interest rate components.     

 Collateral 

 We engage in
derivative transactions that are not subject to a clearing requirement directly
with unaffiliated third parties, in most cases, under International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreements. Many of the ISDA
Master Agreements also include Credit Support Annex (CSA) provisions, which
provide for collateral postings that may vary at various ratings and threshold
levels. We attempt to reduce our risk with certain counterparties by entering
into agreements that enable collateral to be obtained from a counterparty on an
upfront or contingent basis. We minimize the risk that counterparties might be
unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty
credit exposure and collateral value and generally requiring additional
collateral to be posted upon the occurrence of certain events or circumstances.
In addition, certain derivative transactions have provisions that require collateral
to be posted upon a downgrade of our long‑term debt ratings or give the
counterparty the right to terminate the transaction. In the case of some of the
derivative transactions, upon a downgrade of our long‑term debt ratings,
as an alternative to posting collateral and subject to certain conditions, we
may assign the transaction to an obligor with higher debt ratings or arrange
for a substitute guarantee of our obligations by an obligor with higher debt
ratings or take other similar action. The actual amount of collateral required
to be posted to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the
aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on
market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other
factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. 

 Collateral
posted by us to third parties for derivative transactions was $4.5 billion and
$3.0 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In the case of
collateral posted under derivative transactions that are not subject to
clearing, this collateral can generally be repledged or resold by the
counterparties. Collateral provided to us from third parties for derivative
transactions was $1.5 billion  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  234   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 and $1.6 billion
at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In the case of collateral provided
to us under derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, we
generally can repledge or resell collateral. 

 Offsetting 

 We have elected
to present all derivative receivables and derivative payables, and the related
cash collateral received and paid, on a net basis on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets when a legally enforceable ISDA Master Agreement exists between us and
our derivative counterparty. An ISDA Master Agreement is an agreement governing
multiple derivative transactions between two counterparties. The ISDA Master
Agreement generally provides for the net settlement of all, or a specified
group, of these derivative transactions, as well as transferred collateral,
through a single payment, and in a single currency, as applicable. The net
settlement provisions apply in the event of a default on, or affecting any, one
derivative transaction or a termination event affecting all, or a specified
group of, derivative transactions governed by the ISDA Master Agreement. 

 Hedge Accounting 

 We designated
certain derivatives entered into with third parties as fair value hedges of
available for sale investment securities held by our insurance subsidiaries.
The fair value hedges include foreign currency forwards and cross currency
swaps designated as hedges of the change in fair value of foreign currency
denominated available for sale securities attributable to changes in foreign
exchange rates. We also designated certain interest rate swaps entered into
with third parties as fair value hedges of fixed rate GICs attributable to
changes in benchmark interest rates . 

 We use foreign
currency denominated debt and cross-currency swaps as hedging instruments in
net investment hedge relationships to mitigate the foreign exchange risk
associated with our non-U.S. dollar functional currency foreign subsidiaries.
For net investment hedge relationships where issued debt is used as a hedging
instrument, we assess the hedge effectiveness and measure the amount of
ineffectiveness based on changes in spot rates. For net investment hedge
relationships that use derivatives as hedging instruments, we assess hedge
effectiveness and measure hedge ineffectiveness using changes in forward rates.
For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 we recognized gains of
$123 million, $90 million and $156 million, respectively, included in
Change in foreign currency translation adjustment in Other comprehensive income
related to the net investment hedge relationships. 

 A qualitative
methodology is utilized to assess hedge effectiveness for net investment
hedges, while regression analysis is employed for all other hedges. 

 The following table presents the gain (loss) recognized in
earnings on our derivative instruments in fair value hedging relationships in
the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains/(Losses) Recognized in Earnings
  for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   Including Gains/(Losses) Attributable
  to: 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Hedging 
   
  
   Hedged 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hedge 
   
  
   Excluded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Derivatives (a) 
   
  
   Items 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ineffectiveness 
   
  
   Components 
   
  
   Other (b) 
   
  
 
   
   Year
  ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  exchange contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
     
   
  
   (335) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            235 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 
  
   
   Year ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  exchange contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year
  ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  exchange contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  contracts :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized
  capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 (a)  The
amounts presented do not include the periodic net coupon settlements of the
derivative contract or the coupon income (expense) related to the hedged item. 

 (b)  Represents
accretion/amortization of opening fair value of the hedged item at inception of
hedge relationship, amortization of basis adjustment on hedged item following
the discontinuation of hedge accounting, and the release of debt basis
adjustment following the repurchase of issued debt that was part of
previously-discontinued fair value hedge relationship. 

 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 

 The following table presents the effect of derivative instruments
not designated as hedging instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
 
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Recognized in Earnings 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   By
  Derivative Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest
  rate contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign
  exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (274) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
 
   
      Embedded
  derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   (841) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   499 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  236   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    11. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting   

   


 
 
  
   
   By Classification: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policy
  fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   365 
   
  
     
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   599 
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder benefits and claims incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   499 
   
  
 


 Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features 

 The aggregate
fair value of our derivative instruments that contain credit risk-related
contingent features that were in a net liability position at December 31, 2016
and 2015, was approximately $3.0 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. The
aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral under these contracts at December
31, 2016 and 2015, was approximately $4.0 billion and $2.1 billion,
respectively. 

 We estimate that
at  December 31, 2016 , based on our outstanding financial derivative
transactions, a downgrade of our long-term senior debt ratings to BBB+, BBB or
BBB– by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of
S&P Global Inc., and/or a downgrade to Baa2 or Baa3 by Moody’s
Investors’ Service, Inc. would permit counterparties to make additional
collateral calls and permit certain counterparties to elect early termination
of contracts, resulting in corresponding collateral postings and termination
payments in the total amount of up to approximately $106 million.  

 Additional
collateral postings upon downgrade are estimated based on the factors in the
individual collateral posting provisions of the CSA with each counterparty and
current exposure as of December 31, 2016. Factors considered in estimating the
termination payments upon downgrade include current market conditions and the
terms of the respective CSA provisions. Our estimates are also based on the
assumption that counterparties will terminate based on their net exposure to
us. The actual termination payments could differ from our estimates given
market conditions at the time of downgrade and the level of uncertainty in
estimating both the number of counterparties who may elect to exercise their
right to terminate and the payment that may be triggered in connection with any
such exercise. 

 Hybrid Securities with Embedded Credit Derivatives 

 We invest in
hybrid securities (such as credit‑linked notes) with the intent of
generating income, and not specifically to acquire exposure to embedded
derivative risk. As is the case with our other investments in RMBS, CMBS, CDOs
and ABS, our investments in these hybrid securities are exposed to losses only
up to the amount of our initial investment in the hybrid security. Other than our
initial investment in the hybrid securities, we have no further obligation to
make payments on the embedded credit derivatives in the related hybrid
securities. 

 We elect to
account for our investments in these hybrid securities with embedded written
credit derivatives at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in Net
investment income and Other income. Our investments in these hybrid securities
are reported as Other bond securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
fair values of these hybrid securities were $4.8 billion and $5.7 billion
at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These securities have par amounts
of $10.1 billion and $11.2 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and have remaining stated maturity dates that extend to 2052. 



 
  



 

 12. Goodwill 

 


 Goodwill    represents the future economic benefits arising
from assets acquired in a business combination that are not  individually identified and separately recognized.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if circumstances
indicate an impairment may have occurred.  At December 31, 2016, as a result of
the 2016 segment changes, goodwill is reported within our Commercial Insurance
business – Liability and Financial Lines and our Property and Special Risks
operating segments, our Consumer Insurance business – Life Insurance and
Personal Insurance operating segments and our Legacy Portfolio operating
segment. When a business is transferred from one reporting unit to another, as
occurred as part of the 2016 segment changes, goodwill from the original
operating segment is allocated among reporting units based on the fair value of
business transferred, relative to business retained by a reporting unit. As
such, at December 31, 2016, $132 million of goodwill was re-allocated from the
original reporting units to Legacy Property and Casualty Run-Off Insurance
Lines and Legacy Life Insurance Run-Off Lines reporting units in the amount of $75
million and $57 million, respectively. 

 The impairment
assessment involves an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is
more likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than
its carrying amount. If  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            237 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    12. Goodwill   

   


 
 the qualitative assessment is
not performed, or after assessing the totality of the events or circumstances,
we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of an operating
segment is less than its carrying amount, the impairment assessment involves a
two-step process in which a quantitative assessment for potential impairment is
performed.  

 If the
qualitative test is not performed or if the test indicates a potential
impairment is present, we estimate the fair value of each operating segment and
compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the operating
segment, including allocated goodwill. The estimate of an operating segment’s
fair value involves management judgment and is based on one or a combination of
approaches including discounted expected future cash flows, market‑based
earnings multiples of the unit’s peer companies, external appraisals or, in the
case of reporting units being considered for sale, third‑party
indications of fair value, if available. We consider one or more of these
estimates when determining the fair value of an operating segment to be used in
the impairment test. 

 If the estimated
fair value of an operating segment exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not
impaired. If the carrying value of an operating segment exceeds its estimated
fair value, goodwill associated with that operating segment potentially is
impaired.  The amount of impairment, if any, is measured as the excess of the
carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. The
implied fair value of the goodwill is measured as the excess of the fair value
of the operating segment over the amounts that would be assigned to the
operating segment’s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical business
combination.  An impairment charge is recognized in earnings to the extent of
the excess of carrying value over fair value.   

 Goodwill was not
impaired at December 31, 2016 based on the results of the goodwill impairment
test. 

 The following table presents the changes in goodwill by operating
segment: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Liability
  and 
   
  
   Property
  and 
   
  
   Life
   
   
  
   Personal 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Financial
  Lines 
   
  
   Special
  Risks 
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
    Operations  
   
  
    Portfolio  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at January 1, 2014: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,675 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   623 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,472 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,952 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (392) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   878 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2014: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   623 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,931 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (392) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2015: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,090 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (392) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   779 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2016: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   774 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,005 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (392) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   642 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   382 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   261 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   139 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,528 
   
  
 









 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  238   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 13. Insurance
Liabilities 

 


 Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss
Adjustment Expenses (Loss Reserves) 

 Loss reserves
represent the accumulation of estimates of unpaid claims, including estimates
for claims incurred but not reported and loss adjustment expenses (IBNR), less
applicable discount. We regularly review and update the methods used to
determine loss reserve estimates. Any adjustments resulting from this review
are reflected currently in pre-tax income. Because these estimates are subject
to the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are common given that
loss trends vary and time is often required for changes in trends to be
recognized and confirmed. Reserve changes that increase previous estimates of
ultimate cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve
strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease previous estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as favorable development. 

 Our
gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual
deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately $12.8 billion
and $12.6 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These
recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles (in
excess of high dollar amounts retained by the insured through self-insured
retentions, deductibles, retrospective programs, or captive arrangements, each
referred to generically as “deductibles”), primarily for U.S. commercial
casualty business. With respect to the deductible portion of the claim, we
manage and pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by
the insured for the deductible portion of the claim.  Thus, these recoverable
amounts represent a credit exposure to us.  At December 31, 2016 and 2015,
we held collateral of approximately $9.7 billion and $9.6 billion,
respectively, for these deductible recoverable amounts, consisting primarily of
letters of credit and funded trust agreements. 

 The following table presents the roll forward of activity in Loss
Reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid loss and loss
  adjustment expenses, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,339) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,648) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,231) 
   
  
 
   
   Net Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment
  expenses, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   (463) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,061) 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,058) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in net liability for unpaid
  losses and loss adjustment expenses due to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   retroactive asbestos reinsurance
  transaction 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,396 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,232 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,279 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, excluding discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,788 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, discount charge (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
 
   
   Total losses and loss adjustment
  expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,460 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  paid * : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,825) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,751) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,358) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,908) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,205) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,886) 
   
  
 
   
   Total losses and loss adjustment
  expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,733) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,956) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24,244) 
   
  
 
   
   Reclassified to liabilities held for
  sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (402) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid loss and loss
  adjustment expenses, end of year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
 
   
      Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,648 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes amounts related to dispositions through the date of
disposition.  Includes sale of UGC and Ascot.  

 (b) Represents loss reserves included in
our pending sale of  certain of our insurance operations to Fairfax.  Upon
consummation of the sale, we may retain a portion of these reserves through
reinsurance arrangements.  

    

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            239 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 During 2016, we recognized adverse prior year loss
reserve development of $5.8 billion. This adverse development was primarily a
result of the following: 

 •     
 Higher than expected losses
emerging across several casualty product lines, especially in the recent
accident years (generally, 2011 to 2015) driven by increased frequency and
severity of claims. This recent accident year loss emergence caused us to
increase loss development factors applied across many accident years. 

 •     
 Loss development factors including
workers compensation tail factors, also increased due to an observed
lengthening of loss reporting patterns relative to prior expectations. 

 •     
 Increases in loss trend assumptions
to reflect the latest observed increases in frequency and severity and the
impact of these increased loss trends on expected loss ratios. 

 •     
 Changes in weights we apply to the
various actuarial methods to better align with updated trends. 

   

 The Loss Development Tables below include
loss development data by our major lines of business for the last 10 accident
years. The drivers of prior year development are discussed following each of
the Loss Development Tables.  

 Loss Development 

 The table below presents the
reconciliation of the net incurred and paid claims development in the following
tables to Loss Reserves in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the year ended
December 31, 2016: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Net liability for 
   unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   as presented in the disaggregated tables below 
   
  
   Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment
  expenses 
   included in the disaggregated tables below 
   
  
   Gross liability for 
   unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation (before
  discount) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,069 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,879 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,948 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,864 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,955 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,297 
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,900 
   
  
 
   
   Total Liability and Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,964 
   
  
 
   
   Property and Special Risks: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. and Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,509 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,509 
   
  
 
   
   Total Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,166 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,473 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer - Personal insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S., Europe and Japan 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer - Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio - Run-Off Property  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and Casualty Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Long Tail Insurance lines (before
  discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,679 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,646 
   
  
 
   
   Total Legacy Portfolio Run-Off Property
  and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Casualty Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,679 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,646 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,587 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,950 
   
  
 
   
   Other Reconciling Items 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount on workers compensation lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,570) 
   
  
 
   
   Other product lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,192 
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,505 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,077 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  240   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Loss
Development Information 

 The following
is information about incurred and paid loss developments as of December 31,
2016, net of reinsurance. The cumulative number of reported claims, the total
of IBNR liabilities and expected development on reported loss included within
the net incurred loss amounts are presented in the following section. 

 Reserving Methodology  

 We use a
combination of methods to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and
short-tail exposures, which include:  

 •     
 Paid
Development method:  The Paid
Development method estimates ultimate losses by reviewing paid loss patterns
and selecting paid ultimate loss development factors. These factors are then
applied to paid losses by applying them to accident years, with further
expected changes in paid loss. Since the method does not rely on case reserves,
it is not directly influenced by changes in the adequacy of case reserves. 

 •     
 Incurred
Development method:  The Incurred
Development method is similar to the Paid Development method, but it uses case incurred
losses instead of paid losses. Since this method uses more data (case reserves
in addition to paid losses) than the Paid Development method, the incurred
development patterns may be less variable than paid development patterns. 

 •     
 Expected
Loss Ratio method:   The Expected Loss Ratio method multiplies premiums by
an expected loss ratio to produce ultimate loss estimates for each accident
year. This method may be useful if loss development patterns are inconsistent,
losses emerge very slowly, or there is relatively little loss history from
which to estimate future losses. 

 •     
 Bornhuetter-Ferguson
method:   The Bornhuetter-Ferguson method using premiums and paid
losses is a combination of the Paid Development method and the Expected Loss
Ratio method where the weights given to each method is the reciprocal of the
loss development factor. This method normally determines expected loss ratios
similar to the method used for the Expected Loss Ratio method. The
Bornhuetter-Ferguson method using premiums and incurred losses is similar to
the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method using premiums and paid losses except that it
uses case incurred losses. 

 •     
 Average
Loss method:  The Average Loss
method multiplies a projected number of ultimate claims by an estimated
ultimate severity average loss for each accident year to produce ultimate loss
estimates. Since projections of the ultimate number of claims are often less
variable than projections of ultimate loss, this method can provide more
reliable results for reserve categories where loss development patterns are
inconsistent or too variable to be relied on exclusively. 

 In updating
our loss reserve estimates, we consider and evaluate inputs from many sources,
including actual claims data, the performance of prior reserve estimates,
observed industry trends, our internal peer review processes, including
challenges and recommendations from our Enterprise Risk Management group, as
well as the views of third party actuarial firms. We use these inputs to
improve our evaluation techniques, and to analyze and assess the change in
estimated ultimate loss for each accident year by product line. Our analyses
produce a range of indications from various methods, from which we select our
best estimate. 

 In determining the actual carried loss reserves, we
consider both the internal actuarial best estimate and numerous other internal
and external factors, including: 

 •     
 an assessment of economic
conditions, including real GDP growth, inflation, employment rates or
unemployment duration, stock market volatility and changes in corporate bond
spreads; 

 •     
 changes in the legal, regulatory,
judicial and social environment, including changes in road safety, public
health and cleanup standards; 

 •     
 changes in medical cost trends
(inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation
trends; 

 •     
 underlying policy pricing, terms
and conditions including attachment points and policy limits; 

 •     
 claims handling processes and
enhancements; 

 •     
 third-party claims reviews that are
periodically performed for key classes of claims such as toxic tort,
environmental and other complex casualty claims; 

 •     
 third-party actuarial reviews that
are periodically performed for key classes of business; 

 •     
 input from underwriters on pricing,
terms, and conditions and market trends; and 

 •     
 changes in our reinsurance program,
pricing and commutations. 

 The following
factors are relevant to the loss development information Included in the tables
below:  

 •     
 Table
Organization:  The tables are
organized by accident year and include policies written on an occurrence and
claims- made basis. Financial Lines business is primarily written on a
claims-made basis, while the majority of the Liability business is written on  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            241 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 an occurrence basis. Primarily, all short-tail lines in
Property and Special Risks and Personal Insurance are written on an occurrence
basis.   

 •     
 Groupings:    We believe our groupings have homogenous risk
characteristics with similar development patterns and would generally be
subject to similar trends. As an example, we separated U.S. business from
non-U.S.  business for long-tail classes because the claims for these two
product lines can be substantially different, and we only produced a table for
Europe, which is the largest region in our non-U.S. portfolio for non-U.S.
long-tail business.   

 •     
 Reinsurance:    Our reinsurance program varies by exposure type and
may change from year to year. This may affect the comparability of the data
presented in our tables.  

 •     
 Incurred
but not reported liabilities (IBNR):  
We include development from past reported losses in IBNR. 

 •     
 Data
excluded from tables:  Information
with respect to accident years older than ten years is excluded from the
development tables. Unallocated loss adjustment expenses are also excluded. 

 •     
 Foreign
exchange:  The loss development for
operations outside of the U.S. is presented for all accident years using the
current exchange rate at December 31, 2016.  Although this approach requires
restating all prior accident year information, the changes in exchange rates do
not impact incurred and paid loss development trends. 

 •     
 Claim
counts:  We consider a reported
claim to be one claim for each claimant or feature for each loss occurrence.
Claims relating to losses that are 100 percent reinsured are excluded from the
reported claims in the tables below.  Reported claims for losses from assumed
reinsurance contracts are not available and hence not included in the reported
claims.   

 •     
 There are limitations that should
be considered on the reported claim count data in the tables below, including:  

 -       
 Claim counts are presented only on
a reported (not an ultimate) basis; 

 -       
 The tables below include lines of
business and geographies at a certain aggregated level which may indicate
different frequency and severity trends and characteristics, and may not be as
meaningful as the claim count information related to the individual products
within those lines of business and geographies; 

 -       
 Certain lines of business  are more
likely to be subject to occurrences involving multiple claimants and features,
which can distort measures based on the reported  claim counts in the table
below; and. 

 -       
 Reported claim counts are not
adjusted for ceded reinsurance, which may distort the measure of frequency or
severity. 

 Supplemental Information:   The information about incurred and paid loss development for all
periods preceding year ended December 31, 2016 and the related historical
claims payout percentage disclosure is unaudited and is presented as
supplementary information. 

 The following tables present undiscounted, incurred
and paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses by accident year, on a
net basis after reinsurance, for 10 years: 

   

 U.S. Workers'
Compensation 

 During 2016, we recognized $1.9 billion of adverse prior
year development primarily due to increased tail factors and loss development
factors.  The net earned premium has declined by approximately 72% from
accident year 2007 to accident year 2016.  The proportion of large deductible
business has increased which has slowed the reporting pattern of claims.  


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  242   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of
  Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on
  Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,505 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,441 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,414 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,528 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,513 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,469 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,379 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,548 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   225,243 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,114 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,184 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,422 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,425 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,471 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,398 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,385 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,547 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   198,597 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,466 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,633 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,608 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,666 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,639 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,616 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   147,209 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,049 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,125 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,148 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,211 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,311 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   550 
   
  
     
   
  
   132,987 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,901 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,953 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,091 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,158 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   521 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,486 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,382 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,194 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,286 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   571 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,426 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,932 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,880 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   645 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,175 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,916 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   807 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,000 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,864 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,241 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   965 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,164 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,764 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,057 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2007, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense
  prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,069 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,920 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       926 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,856 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,452 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,844 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,359 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,665 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       3,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,855 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       785 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,678 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,252 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,044 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,272 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,476 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,707 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       630 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,328 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,756 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,120 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,390 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,621 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,887 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       550 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,093 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,537 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,855 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,126 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,426 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       519 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,129 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,561 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,884 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,129 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,285 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       415 
   
  
     
   
  
       804 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,089 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,440 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       282 
   
  
     
   
  
       619 
   
  
     
   
  
       879 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       231 
   
  
     
   
  
       558 
   
  
     
   
  
   786 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       234 
   
  
     
   
  
   524 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,124 
   
  
 


 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Workers’ Compensation is an extremely long-tail line of business, with loss
emergence extending for decades.   We generally use a combination of loss
development methods, frequency/severity and expected loss ratio methods for
workers’ compensation.  

 Many of our
primary casualty policies contain risk-sharing features, including high
deductibles, self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in
addition to a traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs
generally are large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and
structures, and are subject to amendment over time. We group guaranteed cost
and excess of deductible business separately and then further by state and
industry subset to the extent that meaningful differences are determined to
exist. We also separately analyze certain subsets of the portfolio that have
unique characteristics (e.g., U.S. government sub-contractor accounts and
construction wrap-up business).  For excess of deductible business, we also
segment by size of deductible and whether the claim is handled by AIG or an
outside third party administrator (TPA). 

 For guaranteed
cost business, expected loss ratio methods generally are given significant
weight only in the most recent accident year. Workers’ compensation claims are
generally characterized by high frequency, low severity, and relatively
consistent loss development from one accident year to the next. We historically
have been a leading writer of workers’ compensation, and thus have sufficient
volume of claims experience to use development methods. We generally segregate
California (CA) and New York (NY) businesses from the other states to reflect
their different development patterns and changing percentage of the mix by
state.   The  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            243 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 claims development tables above are
impacted by two other significant initiatives, which offset each other.   In
recent years, we instituted claims strategy changes and loss mitigation efforts
to accelerate settlements, which we believe results in an overall reduction in
claim costs. This strategy resulted in an increase in paid losses along the
latest diagonals relative to prior years. In addition, we have been reducing
premium volume in recent years and shifting a greater proportion of business to
insured risk retention structures such as high deductible policies. These mix
and volume changes slowed paid and incurred development since excess of
deductible claims will typically take longer to emerge and settle. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods for business written in excess of a deductible may be given
significant weight in the most recent five accident years. In the current analysis,
we have increased our tail factor estimates for states other than NY and CA for
guaranteed cost business in recognition of longer medical development patterns
that we have been seeing in recent years. In addition, we have reflected
increases in legal costs we have seen across the portfolio, particularly in
California. 

 Additionally,
over the years we have written a number of very large accounts which include
workers’ compensation coverage. These accounts are generally individually
priced by our actuaries, and to the extent appropriate, the indicated losses
based on the pricing analysis may be used to record the initial estimated loss
reserves for these accounts. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2016, we recognized $1.9 billion of adverse prior year development in primary
workers’ compensation coverages primarily driven by the risk sharing programs
where we provide coverage in excess of large deductibles.   For this excess of
large deductible business, in 2016, we observed actual loss emergence and
development at significantly greater levels than expected based on our previous
experience in particular from losses in excess of $1 million. Since these
policies respond to larger claims, the loss reporting pattern is much longer
than observed in guaranteed cost workers’ compensation and it takes several
years to discern credible changes in the pattern. Furthermore, implementation
of claims settlement and loss mitigation strategies over the past several years
has made the recent evaluation of data more challenging as historical development
patterns may not yet fully reflect these claim and mitigation activities. 
During 2016, we refined our actuarial methodology by  combining data  across
previously segregated underwriting portfolios to improve our ability to analyze
the loss development trends and patterns that had been altered by the mix,
claims handling and loss mitigation changes we have made during the last 5
years. We also developed further segmentations by deductible size and other key
parameters, such as claims handled by third party administrator’s (TPA) staff
and not our claims department. As a result, we determined that the loss
emergence patterns had changed and lengthened significantly from our prior
expectation and therefore, we increased our loss development factors.   

 In addition, for
workers’ compensation policies with no deductibles (guaranteed cost), we
increased our tail factors for the all other states grouping to reflect the
latest unfavorable experience in more mature accident years. This change
increased the ultimate losses by approximately $440 million in 2016. We also
reflected the increasing cost trends for legal and cost containment services,
especially in California, as recent trends in this sector have been
unfavorable. 

 Furthermore, in
2016, the Florida Supreme Court issued two separate rulings that have increased
the potential liability for workers’ compensation claims in that state by
undoing certain aspects of regulations in place since 2003. The Castellanos
ruling eliminated statutory caps on claimant attorney fees in certain cases,
and the Westphal ruling eliminated the 104-week limitation on temporary total
disability benefits.  Also in the second quarter, the Florida Court of Appeals
issued the Miles decision, declaring unconstitutional certain restrictions on
claimant-paid attorney fees.  In in the second quarter 2016, we increased our
workers’ compensation reserves by $100 million to reflect our estimate of the
costs of these rulings on prior years’ claims.  

 During 2015, we
increased our reserves by $234 million, primarily for accident years 2012 and
prior in the U.S. Workers’ Compensation line, to reflect estimated increased
losses and reduced expectations of future recoveries from our insureds through
risk-sharing features. We also recognized $100 million of adverse prior year development
in U.S. Workers’ Compensation coverages sold to government contractors in U.S.
and non-U.S. military installations as a result of adverse loss emergence from
several large accounts in the recent accident years. In addition, we reacted to
the adverse emergence by increasing our expected loss ratios in recent accident
years. For the remainder of the primary workers’ compensation portfolio, our
2015 analysis was based on the refined segmentation from 2014, and indicated
that prior year loss reserve development was flat after taking into account the
initiatives that our claim function had undertaken to manage high risk claims. 

 During 2014,
consistent with prior year studies, we continued to refine our segmentation of
primary workers’ compensation into guaranteed cost and excess of large
deductible businesses by deductible size group.  The net result of the analysis
was adverse development of $113 million for the primary workers’ compensation
line of business. The key drivers of the adverse development in this line of
business were increases for guaranteed cost business in California and New
York, and increases for excess of large deductible business, as well as adverse
experience in the construction line.  Our revised selections had the greatest
adverse effect on the construction line of business ($140 million adverse
development) and the national accounts line of business ($125 million adverse  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  244   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 development).  The most significant favorable effect was
in the special workers’ compensation line of business ($155 million favorable
development). 

 U.S. Excess Casualty 

 During 2016, we recognized $1.1
billion of adverse development in Excess Casualty driven by continued higher
than expected loss emergence as detailed below. The net earned premium for
Excess Casualty has declined by approximately 69% from accident 2007 to
accident year 2016. The average limit of the excess casualty business has
declined over this period and attachment points for certain subsets has been
increasing.  

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on
  Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,854 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,820 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,752 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,208 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,194 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,423 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,979 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,000 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,173 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,951 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,832 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,884 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,721 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,561 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,851 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,920 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,812 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,650 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,465 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,328 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,418 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,689 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,885 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,094 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,091 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,649 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   399 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,459 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,784 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,824 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,595 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,427 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,528 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   425 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,368 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,400 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,239 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,566 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,252 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,096 
   
  
     
   
  
       998 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,276 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   672 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,494 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       873 
   
  
     
   
  
       996 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,791 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       913 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   467 
   
  
     
   
  
   972 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,325 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   810 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,902 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,690) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2007, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense
  prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,749 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       732 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,796 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,857 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       11 
   
  
     
   
  
       97 
   
  
     
   
  
       439 
   
  
     
   
  
       667 
   
  
     
   
  
       842 
   
  
     
   
  
       954 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,226 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       8 
   
  
     
   
  
       69 
   
  
     
   
  
       249 
   
  
     
   
  
       449 
   
  
     
   
  
       624 
   
  
     
   
  
       788 
   
  
     
   
  
       965 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       10 
   
  
     
   
  
       197 
   
  
     
   
  
       475 
   
  
     
   
  
       654 
   
  
     
   
  
       795 
   
  
     
   
  
       946 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       5 
   
  
     
   
  
       63 
   
  
     
   
  
       225 
   
  
     
   
  
       387 
   
  
     
   
  
       716 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3 
   
  
     
   
  
       106 
   
  
     
   
  
       288 
   
  
     
   
  
       495 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       15 
   
  
     
   
  
       105 
   
  
     
   
  
       206 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3 
   
  
     
   
  
       70 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       9 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,690 
   
  
 


 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Excess Casualty policies tend to attach at a high layer above underlying
policies, which causes the loss development pattern to be lagged significantly.
Many of the claims notified to the excess layers are closed without payment
because the claims never reach our layer as a result of high deductibles and
other underlying coverages, while the claims that reach our layer and close
with payment can be large and highly variable in terms of reported timing and
amount. For a portion of this business, the underlying primary policies are
issued by other insurance companies, which can limit our access to relevant
information to help inform our judgments as the loss events evolve and mature.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            245 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 We generally use a combination of loss development methods
and expected loss ratio methods for excess casualty product lines. We segment
our analysis between automobile-related claims and non-automobile  claims, due
to the shorter-tail nature of the automobile claims. We then further segment
the non-automobile claims for certain latent exposures such as construction
defects and mass torts where losses have unique emergence patterns. Mass tort
claims in particular may develop over an extended period of time and impact
multiple accident years when they emerge. The more standard types of claims are
then separately analyzed based on attachment point bands, to recognize that the
impact of the level of the attachment point can significantly impact the delay
in loss reporting and development.  In our analyses, losses capped at $10
million were first analyzed using traditional loss development and expected
loss ratio methods and then this estimate was used to derive the expected loss
estimate for losses above $10 million reflecting the expected relationships
between the layers, reflecting the attachment point and limit. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are generally used for at least the three latest accident years,
due to the relatively low credibility of the reported losses. The loss
experience is generally reviewed separately by attachment point. The expected
loss ratios used for recent accident years are based on the projected ultimate
loss ratios for older years adjusted for rate changes and loss trend.  

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2016, we recognized $1.1 billion of adverse development driven by continued
higher than expected loss emergence due to increased frequency and severity in
recent accident years for both automobile and general liability claims.
Approximately $250 million of the adverse development is attributable to a
cohort of commercial automobile claims identified in 2015 which continued to
increase in severity in 2016 beyond what was observed or reasonably expected in
2015. The most significant increases in incurred losses were for accident years
2011 and subsequent. In particular, the frequency and severity of loss events
for accident years 2011 and subsequent showed a significant step change from
accident years 2010 and prior. We therefore gave limited credibility to
accident year 2010 and prior in selecting our expected loss ratios for 2011 and
subsequent accident years due to this shift in loss patterns that is now more
evident and credible after examining 2016 data. As a result of the continued
adverse emergence, we have increased our loss trend assumptions for general
liability and automobile and increased our expected loss ratios for the most
recent four accident years.  

 During 2015,
U.S. Excess Casualty experienced $1.4 billion of adverse development largely
driven by worse than expected loss emergence reported in 2015. This increase
was largely driven by adverse emergence in both general liability and umbrella
auto liability, reflecting worsening trends in the number and nature of high
severity losses. Approximately $411 million of the adverse development is
related to automobile liability. Based on the adverse emergence we updated our
assumptions about loss severity, loss development patterns and expected loss
ratios for the most recent accident years. We have seen an increasing trend in
the frequency of high severity claims, especially in the umbrella automobile
liability portfolio. We also observed deterioration in certain class action
claims that have complex coverage uncertainties and high limits characterized
by increases in new claims and/or demands reported in 2015 and progress towards
potential settlements, which have further informed our actuarial projections of
ultimate losses for these types of claims.  These types of claim classes have
the longest emergence period within the excess casualty class and can impact
multiple accident years, and are therefore inherently more volatile.  In
addition, we also increased losses associated with bad-faith claims by
approximately $120 million reflecting an increase in recent settlements.  

 During 2014,
U.S. Excess Casualty experienced $106 million of favorable development largely
driven by savings on a few large claims. In our excess umbrella analysis in
2014, our revised segmentation led to lower 2005 and subsequent accident year
estimates for non-mass tort claims where we expect underwriting actions and
reductions in policy limits to have a favorable effect on ultimate losses from
accident years 2007 to 2013 in particular. This was entirely offset by higher
selected ultimate losses for accident years 2004 and prior as a result of
updated loss development patterns for mass tort claims which we segmented
separately from the non-ultimate loss ratios of prior years, adjusted for rate
changes, estimated loss cost trends and all other changes that can be
quantified. 

 U.S. Other Casualty 

 U.S Other Casualty includes
general liability, commercial auto and medical malpractice.   

 We recognized $1.6 billion of adverse development in Other
Casualty as a result of increased frequency and severity in all three product
lines. The net earned premium for Other Casualty has declined by approximately
59% from accident year 2007 to accident year 2016.  

   

    


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  246   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of
  Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on
  Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,892 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,633 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,736 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,770 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,805 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,787 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,846 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,874 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   102,070 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,886 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,693 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,757 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,821 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,901 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,903 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,007 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   116,937 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,343 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,445 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,513 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,509 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,624 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,745 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,845 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,037 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,016 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,258 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
     
   
  
   95,749 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,970 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,321 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,458 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
     
   
  
   74,916 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,049 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,172 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   381 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,586 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,580 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,702 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,174 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,695 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   749 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,677 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
   909 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,372 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,280 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,774 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,160 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,844) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2007, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense
  prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,746 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,563 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       386 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,206 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,621 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,244 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,377 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,525 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,577 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       277 
   
  
     
   
  
       711 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,691 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,039 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,316 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,506 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       378 
   
  
     
   
  
       770 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,577 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,929 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,168 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,534 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       279 
   
  
     
   
  
       578 
   
  
     
   
  
       902 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,275 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,557 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,889 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       235 
   
  
     
   
  
       726 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,488 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,822 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,048 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       382 
   
  
     
   
  
       712 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,002 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,644 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       169 
   
  
     
   
  
       553 
   
  
     
   
  
       918 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,206 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       204 
   
  
     
   
  
       566 
   
  
     
   
  
   816 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       93 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,844 
   
  
 


 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Other Casualty includes general liability, automobile liability, environmental,
and medical malpractice lines of business. These lines of business are all
long-tail in nature and while somewhat diverse in terms of exposures, these
lines are often subject to similar trends. These lines are often significantly
impacted by the underwriting cycle and external judicial trends. Many of our
policies contain risk-sharing features, including high deductibles,
self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in addition to a
traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs generally are
large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and structures, and are
subject to amendment over time. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods, frequency/severity and expected loss
ratio methods for primary general liability or products liability product
lines. We also supplement the standard actuarial techniques by using
evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual claims or claim accumulations by
external specialists on those subsets of claims. The segmentation of the data
reflects state differences, industry groups, deductible/non-deductible programs
and type of claim. 

 We segment our
analysis by line of business and key coverage structures (claims-made vs.
occurrence, large deductible policies, retrospective-rated policies, captives,
etc.). Additionally, certain subsets, such as construction defect for general
liability, trucking policies for auto liability and hospital policies for
medical malpractice and underground storage tanks for environmental are
generally reviewed separately from business in other subsets.  We continually
refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            247 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 casualty product lines and adopt further segmentations
based on our analysis of the differing emerging loss patterns for certain
subsets of insureds. Due to the long-tail nature of general liability business,
and the many subsets that are reviewed individually, there is less credibility
given to the reported losses and increased reliance on expected loss ratio
methods for recent accident years. 

 For certain
product lines with sufficient loss volume, loss development methods may be
given significant weight for all but the most recent one or two accident years.
For smaller or more volatile subsets of business and excess of a large
deductible business, loss development methods may be given limited weight for
the five or more recent accident years. Expected loss ratio methods are used
for the more recent accident years for these subsets. The loss experience for
primary general liability business is generally reviewed at a level that is
believed to provide the most appropriate data for reserve analysis. For other
subsets, such as environmental, we utilize a combination of claim analysts’
loss projections and actuarial methods estimate ultimate losses. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are generally given significant weight only in the most recent
accident year, except for excess of large deductible business, in which
expected loss ratio methods may receive weight for several of the most recent
accident years. In recent years, the impact of the increase in the frequency of
severe claims was projected in the accident years where it was most prevalent.
The resulting increase in ultimate loss projections and loss ratios for those
years impacted subsequent years through loss development factors and prior
expected loss ratio assumptions. 

 Prior Year Development 

 Primary general liability.  In 2016, we increased our ultimate loss estimates for
prior accident years by $754 million.  We increased our assumptions about loss
development and expected loss ratios based on the adverse actual versus
expected loss emergence driven by increases in severity, especially in the
risk-sharing excess of deductible programs. In addition, our segmentation
separately evaluated key structural drivers recently identified in the data. As
a result, we noted the adverse development that was driven by construction defect
claims which continue to increase in severity and which exhibit continued
higher development at later ages than previously observed. We also identified
and separately analyzed in 2016 certain mass tort claims and increased reserves
for such claims due to their much longer claim emergence and loss development
patterns than previously observed. 

 For primary
general liability in 2015, we increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior
accident years by $172 million largely related to coverage sold to the
construction sectors as we reacted to adverse loss emergence throughout the
year, by changing our assumptions about loss development and expected loss
ratios. For construction, the adverse development was driven by construction
defect claims. The construction class was re-underwritten to reduce New York
and U.S. residential exposures. 

 Primary commercial auto liability.  In 2016, we continued to observe increases in both the
frequency and severity of claims occurring in accident years since the recent
U.S. economic downturn. These claims have significantly outpaced both our
accident year loss ratio assumptions made in 2015 and the pricing rate
increases implemented during the same period. As a result, we recognized $352
million of adverse development during 2016 as we increased the expected loss
ratios for recent accident years to reflect continued market deterioration in
the trends observed in 2016 and the higher reported losses in very recent
accident years. 

 For primary
commercial auto liability in 2015, we observed increases in both the frequency
and severity of claims occurring since the recovery from the recent U.S.
economic downturn, which have significantly outpaced the pricing rate increases
implemented during the same period. As a result, we recognized $105 million of
adverse development during 2015 as we increased the expected loss ratios for
recent accident years to reflect the deteriorating trends. 

 For commercial
auto liability in 2014, we reacted to an increase in frequency of large claims
in the accident years 2010 to 2013, where the economic recovery has contributed
to increased frequency and severity, especially for those claims in excess of a
client deductible of $500,000, which generally take several years to emerge and
settle. This led to adverse prior year loss reserve development of $156
million. 

 In 2015, we also
reassessed the reasonableness of our primary general liability and commercial
auto liability for future claim handling expenses related to existing loss
reserves and updated our estimates to reflect the costs from recent investments
in claims systems, processes and people with the objective of improving our
ability to better manage total loss costs. We increased our reserve estimates
by $214 million based on refined analyses, $100 million of which was
attributable to U.S. general liability. The balance was distributed among other
product lines.  

 Medical Malpractice.     During 2016, we
recognized $428 million of adverse development in U.S. Other Casualty Medical
Malpractice comprising primary and excess hospitals and nursing homes
coverages.  This was in reaction to a continued increase in the frequency of
unusually large claims in these classes that drove the adverse actual versus
expected loss emergence observed in 2016. Based on the observed adverse
emergence and its sustained levels over the last several years, we increased
our expected incurred losses and loss ratios for accident years 2011 and
subsequent to reflect the distinct step change in the loss ratios from accident
years 2010 and prior. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  248   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 During 2015, we recognized $202 million of adverse
development in U.S. Other Casualty hospitals coverages driven by deteriorating
loss experience in accident years 2008 and subsequent characterized by large
claims in various segments including hospitals, nursing homes, and
pharmaceutical and medical products liability. Based on the review of these
large claims, we increased our expected loss ratios for recent accident years
and classified physicians and surgeons and pharmaceutical and medical products
classes into runoff. 

 During 2014, we
recognized $57 million of adverse development in U.S. Other Casualty hospitals
coverages largely driven by three large and relatively unusual claims of $25
million each in relatively recent accident years. While there have not been any
significant structural changes to the portfolio, there can be material
volatility in loss experience in this class of business where individual claims
can be of high severity. 

 U.S. Financial Lines 

 We recognized $306 million of
adverse development during 2016 in U.S. Financial Lines primarily due to higher
than expected settlements on large claims from the financial crisis. The net
earned premium for U.S. Financial Lines has decreased by approximately 12
percent from accident year 2011 to accident year 2016. The mix of business has
been changing over this period as we write more cyber and Mergers and
Acquisitions business, which generally report claims faster.  

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected
  Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,900 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,091 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,022 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,932 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,088 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,084 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,049 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,861 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,970 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,906 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,964 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,089 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,709 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,719 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,806 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,855 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,909 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,102 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,203 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,595 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,576 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,526 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,420 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,381 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,373 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,485 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,126 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,812 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,897 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,887 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,008 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,579 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,747 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,889 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,942 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,029 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,741 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,669 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,567 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,912 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,742 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   612 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,091 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,386 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,599 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,392 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,001 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,377 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from
  the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,686) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities
  for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before
  2007, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated
  loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities
  for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net
  of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            249 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 
  
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       816 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,184 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,531 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,684 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,748 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,800 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,811 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       32 
   
  
     
   
  
       420 
   
  
     
   
  
       888 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,385 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,590 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,712 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,001 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       129 
   
  
     
   
  
       499 
   
  
     
   
  
       887 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,273 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,614 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,839 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,075 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       31 
   
  
     
   
  
       285 
   
  
     
   
  
       566 
   
  
     
   
  
       800 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,017 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       165 
   
  
     
   
  
       494 
   
  
     
   
  
       886 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,210 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,749 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       76 
   
  
     
   
  
       406 
   
  
     
   
  
       815 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,497 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       43 
   
  
     
   
  
       333 
   
  
     
   
  
       687 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
       371 
   
  
     
   
  
   854 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       66 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
 


 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
Financial Lines business includes Directors and Officers (D&O), Errors and
Omissions (E&O), Employment Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI) and
various professional liability subsets of business, as well as the fidelity
book of business. This includes cyber coverage, which has been a growing and
evolving portion of this portfolio. These product lines are predominantly
claims-made in nature, losses are characterized by low frequency and high
severity, and results are often significantly impacted by external economic
conditions.  

 Our analysis is
segmented by major coverages, such as D&O, E&O, etc. and then further
segmented by major industry groups (e.g. corporate accounts, national accounts,
financial institutions, private/not-for-profit etc.) We also separately review
primary business from excess business for certain product lines. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
D&O, E&O, EPLI, and professional liability. These product lines
generally are offered on a claims-made basis, and losses are characterized by
low frequency and high severity. In general, expected loss ratio methods are
given more weight in the more recent accident years, whereas loss development
methods are given more weight in more mature accident years. The loss
development factors for the different segments differ significantly in some
cases, based on specific coverage characteristics and other factors such as
industry group, attachment points, and limits offered. Individual claims
projections for accident years 2015 and prior are also used in the analysis.
For the more mature accident years, we have generally given more weight to the
incurred and legal expense loss development methods than in prior years’
reviews. 

 Frequency/severity
methods are generally not used in isolation for these product lines as the
overall losses are driven by large losses more than by claim frequency.
Severity trends have varied significantly from accident year to accident year
and care is required in analyzing these trends by claim type. We also give
weight to claim department ground-up projections of ultimate loss on a claim by
claim basis as these may be more predictive of ultimate loss values, especially
for older accident years. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. For
surety exposures, we generally use the same method as for short-tail classes
whereby frequency/severity methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods
are used alone or in combination to set reserves. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are also given weight for the more recent accident years. IBNR
factor methods are used, when the nature of losses is low frequency/high
severity. The IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the
ultimate expected losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The
factors are determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to
reflect current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs.
The factors are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience,
rate changes or other factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor
being employed. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2016, we recognized $306 million of adverse development as we reacted to the
adverse actual versus expected in 2016 driven by higher than expected
settlements on several large claims from the financial crisis for accident
years 2006 to 2010, as well as adverse emergence of errors and omissions losses
relative to historical expectations.   In addition to the adverse emergence, we
also updated our loss development factor assumptions, expected loss ratio
assumptions and the weights given to the various methods in recent accident
years. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  250   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 During 2015, we recognized $502 million of adverse
development driven largely by the adverse loss emergence that we saw in 2015,
especially in D&O and professional liability.  In particular, we have
observed greater than expected loss costs for several claims from accident
years 2006 through 2010, driven by unfavorable settlements and deterioration in
known claims. We also updated our loss development factor assumptions as well
as expected loss ratio assumptions.   

 During 2014, we
recognized $160 million of adverse development driven by the D&O and
Related Management Liability product lines as well as the fidelity book,
somewhat offset by the Professional Liability product lines in the recent
accident years due to the changing economic cycle. 

 Europe Casualty and
Financial Lines 

   

 During 2016, we recognized $355 million of adverse development in
Europe Casualty and Financial Lines driven by continued higher than expected
loss emergence. The net earned premium for Europe Casualty and Financial Lines
has increased by approximately 8 percent from accident year 2011 to accident
year 2016.  

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on
  Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,047 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,073 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,084 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,057 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,094 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,088 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,184 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,746 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,311 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,424 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,401 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,424 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,430 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,458 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   238,417 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,539 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,627 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,659 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,661 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,689 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,699 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,281 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,300 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,255 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,277 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,218 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   265,264 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,239 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,239 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,284 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   256,431 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,041 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,005 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,081 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
     
   
  
   209,632 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,124 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   176,010 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,143 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,166 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   164,208 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,204 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
   175,571 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,407 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   178,185 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,005) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2007, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense
  prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,587 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       88 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       297 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       454 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       632 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       765 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       846 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       961 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       996 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,067 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       116 
   
  
     
   
  
       429 
   
  
     
   
  
       655 
   
  
     
   
  
       870 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,014 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,128 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,199 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,242 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       125 
   
  
     
   
  
       379 
   
  
     
   
  
       645 
   
  
     
   
  
       881 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,033 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,156 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,421 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       133 
   
  
     
   
  
       378 
   
  
     
   
  
       570 
   
  
     
   
  
       725 
   
  
     
   
  
       850 
   
  
     
   
  
       936 
   
  
     
   
  
   995 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       127 
   
  
     
   
  
       339 
   
  
     
   
  
       507 
   
  
     
   
  
       733 
   
  
     
   
  
       868 
   
  
     
   
  
   985 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       110 
   
  
     
   
  
       303 
   
  
     
   
  
       438 
   
  
     
   
  
       615 
   
  
     
   
  
   734 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       95 
   
  
     
   
  
       340 
   
  
     
   
  
       493 
   
  
     
   
  
   664 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       79 
   
  
     
   
  
       273 
   
  
     
   
  
   447 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       74 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,005 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            251 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 Europe
is our largest non-U.S. region for Liability and Financial Lines.  Europe
Casualty and Financial Lines is composed of third party coverages including
general liability, auto liability, D&O, professional liability and various
other lines of business throughout both the UK and Continental Europe. These
lines of business are all long-tail in nature and while somewhat diverse in
terms of exposures, these lines are often subject to similar trends. These
lines are impacted by the underwriting cycle and external judicial trends. The
largest share of business is in the UK, but significant business is also
written in other European countries such as Germany, France, and Italy. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by country and line of business. Additionally, we
separately review various product lines, including excess versus primary
casualty, commercial versus financial institutions management liability, and
other specific programs and subsets of business.  We maintain a database of
detailed historical premium and loss transactions in original currency for
business written outside of the U.S. which allows our actuaries to determine
loss reserves without foreign exchange distorting development. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods. For
countries and lines of business with sufficient loss volume, loss development
methods may be given significant weight for all but the most recent accident
years. For smaller countries and more volatile product lines, loss development
methods are typically given limited weight for recent accident years. Further,
we may rely on larger data subsets in determining the loss development factors
and  a priori  loss ratio assumptions. 

 In general, the
loss development for long-tail lines in Europe has been more stable than the
development in U.S. long-tail lines, although some underlying drivers have
affected the results in a similar manner (e.g. the impact of the financial
crisis in accident years 2008 and 2009).  

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2016, we recognized $355 million of adverse development for Europe Casualty and
Financial Lines. Within Europe Financial Lines, we recognized $232 million of
adverse development primarily from the D&O line in UK and Continental
Europe as result of the adverse actual versus expected loss emergence in 2016
due to increased frequency and severity resulting from increasing litigation.
In Europe Casualty we recognized $123 million of adverse development primarily
from the unexpected emergence of several large excess casualty claims as well
as the impact of declining interest rates that are applied to structured claims
in the UK. The actual versus expected loss emergence for Europe Casualty and
Financial Lines was more than expected. 

 During 2015, we
recognized $139 million of adverse prior year development, primarily due to
primary casualty and professional liability in Continental Europe and the UK.
During 2015, we implemented an enhanced claims operating model in Europe which
has provided our actuaries with more detailed case reserve data and analysis,
enabling AIG’s actuaries to react sooner to case development than in prior
years.   

 During 2014, we
had $24 million of adverse development driven by financial lines D&O and
professional lines in the UK and Continental Europe where severity emerged
worse than expected. 

 U.S. and Europe Property and Special Risks 

 During 2016, we recognized $402 million of
adverse prior year development in the U.S. and Europe Property and Special
Risks mainly due to the U.S. program product line which is a collection of
programs offering package policies to small and middle market insureds. 

    


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  252   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of
  Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on
  Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,259 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,061 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,153 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,087 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,073 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,073 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,069 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,737 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,114 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,360 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,318 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,276 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,225 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,169 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,140 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   95,060 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,608 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,320 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,318 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,327 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,285 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,096 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,014 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,747 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,687 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,710 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,716 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,713 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,757 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,586 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,514 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,511 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,491 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,542 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,154 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,285 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,232 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,329 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,951 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,837 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,877 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,781 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,782 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,307 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,948 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,607 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,836 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,633 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,956 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,284 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   354 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2007, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense
  prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,294 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,629 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,784 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,880 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,930 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       1,982 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,007 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,455 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,029 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,600 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,825 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,970 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,030 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,046 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,064 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       661 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,438 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,780 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,985 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,097 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,156 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,206 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       828 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,849 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,207 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,396 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,496 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,612 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,400 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,924 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,134 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,370 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       878 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,794 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,458 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,995 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       771 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,775 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       951 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,547 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,255 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,084 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,468 
   
  
 


 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.
and Europe Property products include commercial, industrial and energy-related
property insurance products and services that cover exposures to manmade and
natural disasters, including business interruption. U.S. and Europe Special
Risk products include aerospace, environmental, political risk, trade credit,
surety and marine insurance, and various small and medium sized enterprises
insurance lines. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business (and by country for Europe business).
Additionally, we separately review various subsets, including hull, cargo, and
liability for marine business, aviation and satellite for aerospace business,
and various other specific programs and product lines. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail classes such as U.S. and Europe
Property. 

 IBNR factor
methods are used when the nature of losses are low frequency/high severity. The
IBNR factors, when applied to earned premium, generate the ultimate expected
losses (or other exposure measure) yet to be reported. The factors are
determined based on prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to reflect
current cost levels and the historical emergence of those loss costs. The  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            253 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 factors are continually reevaluated to reflect emerging
claim experience, rate changes or other factors that could affect the adequacy
of the IBNR factor being employed. 

 We generally use
a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
aviation exposures. Aviation claims are not very long-tail in nature; however,
they are driven by claim severity. Thus a combination of both development and
expected loss ratio methods is used for all but the latest accident year to
determine the loss reserves.  Frequency/severity methods are not employed due
to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of claims from year
to year. 

 We generally use
loss development methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident
year. We also use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each
reported claim to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and
some weight is given to this method in the more recent accident years. The
claims staff also provides specific estimates to assist in the setting of
reserves for natural catastrophe losses. 

 Expected loss
ratio methods are used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident
year. We also use ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to
assist in developing the appropriate reserve. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2016, the adverse development of $402 million was driven by our U.S. program
business where we recognized $350 million of adverse prior year development due
to higher than expected claim emergence in certain automobile, habitational and
professional liability programs that resulted in us increasing expected loss
ratios and loss development factors for several program subsets. This was
partially offset by favorable prior year development in Europe Special Risk.  
Property had favorable emergence of $62 million mainly driven by the Europe
property segment. 

 During 2015, we
recognized $128 million of favorable development from a number of large
individual property claims.  

 U.S., Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 

 We recognized $114 million of favorable prior year
development in U.S., Europe and Japan Personal Insurance mainly due to
international accident and health business. 

 
  
   
   Incurred Losses and Allocated Loss
  Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected
  Development on Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,662 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,805 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,725 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,710 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,729 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,739 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,745 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,737,033 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,535 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,592 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,592 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,611 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,618 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,621 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,625 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,851,828 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,698 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,634 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,590 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,624 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,616 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,614 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,959,522 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,819 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,826 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,846 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,836 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,838 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,215,816 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       5,226 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,315 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,275 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,272 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,159,211 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       5,135 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,028 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,998 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,096,881 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,714 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,640 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,023,707 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,376 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,392 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,376 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,008,729 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       4,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,385 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,949,211 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,426 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   902 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,702,448 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from
  the table below 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43,345) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities
  for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before
  2007, net of reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated
  loss adjustment expense prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities
  for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net
  of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,454 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  254   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 
  
   
   Cumulative
  Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       2,867 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,162 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,628 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,699 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,717 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       4,727 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,731 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,781 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,958 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,275 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,432 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,511 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,557 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,584 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,608 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,780 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,016 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,268 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,428 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,504 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,545 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,587 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,920 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,184 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,496 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,643 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,721 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,788 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       3,270 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,631 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,927 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,064 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,182 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,868 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,333 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,624 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,858 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,671 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,963 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,408 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,495 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,708 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,024 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       2,497 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,712 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,447 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,345 
   
  
 


 Reserving Process and Methodology 

 U.S.,
Europe and Japan Personal Insurance lines consist of accident and health and
other personal lines. Accident and health products include voluntary and
sponsor-paid personal accident and supplemental health products for
individuals, employees, associations and other organizations as well as a broad
range of travel insurance products and services for leisure and business
travelers. Other personal lines include automobile and homeowners’ insurance,
extended warranty, and consumer specialty products, such as identity theft and
credit card protection. Other personal insurance also provides insurance for
high net worth individuals offered through AIG Private Client Group, including
auto, homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections insurance. Other personal
lines are generally short-tail in nature. 

 We primarily
segment our analysis by line of business (and by country for Europe and Japan
business) and may separately review various sub-segments, such as specific
accident and health products and property damage versus liability for other
personal lines products. 

 Frequency/severity
methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or in
combination to set reserves for short-tail product lines such as personal
property. 

 Frequency/severity
and loss development methods are utilized for domestic personal auto product
lines. 

 For these
classes of business, reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim
counts emerge quickly for personal auto. Frequency/severity methods allow for
more immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry
and other diagnostic metrics. 

 In general,
development for U.S., Europe and Japan Personal Insurance classes has been very
stable, with only modest changes in the initial selected loss ratios for this
business. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During
2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $114 million, $47 million, and $89 million
of favorable development, respectively, mainly driven by the international
accident and health business.  

 During 2016,
2015 and 2014, we experienced favorable loss reserve development of $3 million,
$10 million and $16 million, respectively, from natural catastrophes.   

 U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance lines 

 During 2016, the U.S. Run-Off
Long Tail Insurance Lines experienced adverse prior year development of $390
million driven by Legacy pre-1986 pollution losses and the Run-Off public
entity casualty business. 

    


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            255 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 
  
   
   Incurred
  Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted and Net of
  Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 Prior Year Development 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total of IBNR Liabilities Plus Expected Development on
  Reported Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative Number of Reported Claims 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       959 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       743 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       801 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       833 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       843 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       851 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       859 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       860 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,148 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       936 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,025 
   
  
     
   
  
       872 
   
  
     
   
  
       855 
   
  
     
   
  
       895 
   
  
     
   
  
       911 
   
  
     
   
  
       964 
   
  
     
   
  
       961 
   
  
     
   
  
   967 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,046 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       543 
   
  
     
   
  
       523 
   
  
     
   
  
       532 
   
  
     
   
  
       566 
   
  
     
   
  
       621 
   
  
     
   
  
       588 
   
  
     
   
  
       584 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,213 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       633 
   
  
     
   
  
       521 
   
  
     
   
  
       527 
   
  
     
   
  
       548 
   
  
     
   
  
       576 
   
  
     
   
  
       572 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,475 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       528 
   
  
     
   
  
       538 
   
  
     
   
  
       571 
   
  
     
   
  
       635 
   
  
     
   
  
       669 
   
  
     
   
  
   678 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,776 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       623 
   
  
     
   
  
       674 
   
  
     
   
  
       736 
   
  
     
   
  
       781 
   
  
     
   
  
   745 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,033 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       477 
   
  
     
   
  
       530 
   
  
     
   
  
       585 
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,483 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       374 
   
  
     
   
  
       472 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,246 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       434 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,154 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated
  Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    below  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2007, net of
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unallocated loss adjustment expense
  prior year development 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities for losses and loss
  adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,967 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses,
  Net of Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  (dollars in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unaudited 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       230 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       321 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       578 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       641 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       710 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       751 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       770 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   784 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       130 
   
  
     
   
  
       360 
   
  
     
   
  
       485 
   
  
     
   
  
       559 
   
  
     
   
  
       643 
   
  
     
   
  
       711 
   
  
     
   
  
       773 
   
  
     
   
  
       817 
   
  
     
   
  
   830 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       38 
   
  
     
   
  
       125 
   
  
     
   
  
       220 
   
  
     
   
  
       273 
   
  
     
   
  
       354 
   
  
     
   
  
       394 
   
  
     
   
  
       414 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       55 
   
  
     
   
  
       142 
   
  
     
   
  
       235 
   
  
     
   
  
       313 
   
  
     
   
  
       395 
   
  
     
   
  
       425 
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       19 
   
  
     
   
  
       135 
   
  
     
   
  
       253 
   
  
     
   
  
       379 
   
  
     
   
  
       442 
   
  
     
   
  
   525 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       85 
   
  
     
   
  
       191 
   
  
     
   
  
       282 
   
  
     
   
  
       409 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       86 
   
  
     
   
  
       152 
   
  
     
   
  
       258 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       20 
   
  
     
   
  
       93 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       34 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,171 
   
  
 


 Reserving
Process and Methodology 

 U.S. Run-Off Long Tail Insurance lines includes
run-off lines for asbestos and environmental (1986 and prior), excess workers’
compensation, and other casualty coverages consisting of environmental
liability, medical malpractice, and general liability.  Asbestos coverage has
been excluded from AIG polices commencing in 1985. Most of AIG’s asbestos
claims exposures are ceded to National Indemnity Company (NICO) under a
retroactive reinsurance arrangement entered into in 2011. Many of other
asbestos-related exposures are very long-tailed in nature and with exposures
dating back 30 years or more.  In some cases, the exposures in the more recent
years have declined since the portfolio is in run-off. 

 U.S. Long Tail Insurance lines - Asbestos and
Environmental (1986 and prior) 

 We consider a number of factors and recent
experience in addition to the results of both external and internal analyses,
to estimate asbestos and environmental loss reserves.  We primarily base our
determination of these loss reserves on a combination of ground-up and top-down
analyses of historical claims and available insurance coverages.  Nonetheless,
we believe that significant uncertainty remains as to our ultimate liability
for asbestos and environmental claims, which is due to several factors,
including: 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  256   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 •     
 the long latency period between asbestos exposure and disease
manifestation, leading to the potential for involvement of multiple policy
periods for individual claims; 

 •       claims
filed under the non-aggregate premises or operations section of general
liability policies; 

 •       the
number of insureds seeking bankruptcy protection and the effect of prepackaged
bankruptcies; 

 •       diverging
legal interpretations; and  

 •       the
difficulty in estimating the allocation of remediation cost among various
parties with respect to environmental claims. 

 Loss reserves for asbestos and environmental
claims cannot be estimated using conventional reserving techniques such as
those that rely on historical accident year loss development factors. The
methods used to determine asbestos and environmental loss estimates and to
establish the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated by management. 

 At December 31, 2016 and 2015, our net loss reserves
included $670 million and $722 million, respectively, for asbestos and
environmental-related claims (net of reinsurance, including retroactive
reinsurance).  We cede the bulk of AIG Property Casualty’s net domestic
asbestos liabilities under a 2011 retroactive reinsurance agreement with NICO
with an aggregate limit of $3.5 billion. Reinsurance recoverables related to
this agreement was $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively.  Under retroactive reinsurance accounting,
contractual gains are deferred and amortized into income over the settlement
period of the underlying reinsured claims. During 2016, 2015 and 2014, we
recognized approximately $(53.4) million, $213 million and $(10.7) million,
respectively, of additional recoveries under the NICO agreement for which the
income statement benefit was deferred. The deferred gain associated with this
retroactive reinsurance is $377 million and $430 million at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively, and is reported in Other Liabilities.  The expense
related to this increase in the deferred gain liability is reported in other
income/expense rather than losses incurred. 

 Prior Year Development 

 During 2016, the Legacy U.S. Runoff Property and
Casualty segment recognized $390 million of adverse prior year development.  

 Asbestos and Environmental (1986
and prior).    In 2016, we increased gross undiscounted asbestos
incurred losses by $106 million and decreased net undiscounted asbestos
incurred losses by $20 million. The gross undiscounted change reflects an
increase in estimates related to our accounts retroceded to NICO.  The
favorable development of the net incurred losses was largely a result of higher
estimated external reinsurance recoveries on our retained asbestos exposures.
For environmental, we increased incurred losses by $211 million primarily due
to adverse development on several large clean-up sites and related accounts as
well as a result of top down actuarial analyses performed during the year. 

 During 2015, the reported claim activity on the assumed
claims increased. We responded to this by modifying certain of our
loss-reserve-related assumptions to better reflect our loss development.
Additionally, we considered recent industry-wide trends regarding expanding
coverage theories for liability.  In 2015, both the retained accounts and
retroceded accounts ground-up reviews for asbestos were updated. As a result,
we increased gross undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by $13 million and
increased net undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by $164 million. The net
undiscounted change reflects an increase primarily due to third party assumed
reinsurance exposures. With the gross incurred loss increase less than the net
incurred loss increase, the resulting ceded incurred losses were reduced. For
environmental, we increased gross environmental incurred losses by $214 million
and net environmental incurred losses by $117 million as a result of top down
actuarial analyses performed during the year, as well as development on a large
sediment site.  

 U.S. Excess Workers’ Compensation. 
 The U.S. Long Tail Insurance Lines excess workers’ compensation has an
extremely long tail and is one of the most challenging lines of business from a
reserving perspective, particularly when the excess coverage is provided above
a self-insured retention layer. The class is highly sensitive to small changes
in assumptions (for example — in the rate of medical inflation or the longevity
of injured workers) which can have a significant effect on the ultimate reserve
cost estimate. 

 During 2016 and 2015, we did not experience significant
development in the loss development trends. The proactive management of
settlement negotiations and other claims mitigation strategies minimized the
volatility observed during 2015. The nominal reduction in reserves as a result
of commutations and individual claims settlement strategies amounted to $222
million in 2015 compared to $242 million in 2014. 

 During 2014, we updated our analyses of run-off excess
workers’ compensation lines using a range of scenarios and methodologies and
determined that our carried reserves were adequate after recognizing $20
million of favorable prior year development resulting from claim settlements
and commutations on our assumed reinsurance business, as well as reflecting
changes in estimates in our loss mitigation strategies.  We commuted several
large assumed reinsurance agreements in 2014 and reduced the reserves faster
than was previously expected as a result of proactive management by the run-off
unit. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            257 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Other
Casualty Run-Off.   We increased the reserves for
these coverages by $190 million and $636 million during 2016 and 2015,
respectively, to reflect updated assumptions about future loss development. The
2016 increase was driven by runoff public entity business where we reacted to
the adverse emergence over the last year by increasing our loss development
factors to reflect its own experience especially in the loss tail instead of
relying on the overall excess casualty loss development factors. 

 Prior Year Development before 2007 

 The previous development tables include only accident years 2007
to 2016.  The following table summarizes development, (favorable) or
unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year
2006 and prior by operating segment and major class of business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   2006 and prior accident year
  development by major class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   of business and driver of development: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   850 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Property and Special Risks 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   345 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
 
   
   All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,544 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,798 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,070 
   
  
 


 Claims Payout Patterns 

 The following table presents the historical average annual
percentage claims payout on an accident year basis at the same level of
disaggregation as presented in the claims development table. 

 
  
   
   Average Annual Percentage Payout of
  Incurred Losses by Age, Net of Reinsurance (Unaudited) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
   15.5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   12.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   5.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Excess casualty 
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Other casualty 
   
  
   10.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Financial lines 
   
  
   4.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe Casualty and Financial lines 
   
  
   8.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. and Europe Property and Special
  Risks 
   
  
   28.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Europe and Japan Personal insurance 
   
  
   58.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Run-off Long Tail Insurance lines 
   
  
   10.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Discounting of Loss Reserves 

 At December 31,
2016, the loss reserves reflect a net loss reserve discount of $3.6 billion,
including tabular and non-tabular calculations based upon the following
assumptions:  

 Certain asbestos
claims are discounted when allowed by the regulator and when payments are fixed
and determinable, based on the investment yields of the companies and the
payout pattern for the claims. At December 31, 2016, the discount for asbestos
reserves was fully amortized. 

 The tabular
workers’ compensation discount is calculated based on a 3.5 percent interest
rate and the mortality rate used in the 2007 U.S. Life Table.  

 The non-tabular
workers’ compensation discount is calculated separately for companies domiciled
in New York and Pennsylvania, and follows the statutory regulations (prescribed
or permitted) for each state.  For New York companies, the discount is based on
a 5 percent interest rate and the companies’ own payout patterns.  In 2012, for
Pennsylvania companies, the statute has specified discount factors for accident
years 2001 and prior, which are based on a 6 percent interest rate and an
industry payout pattern.  For accident years 2002 and subsequent, the discount
is based on the payout patterns and investment yields of the companies.  


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  258   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 In 2013, our Pennsylvania regulator approved use of a
consistent discount rate (U.S. Treasury rate plus a liquidity premium) to all
of our workers’ compensation reserves in our Pennsylvania-domiciled companies,
as well as our use of updated payout patterns specific to our primary and
excess workers compensation portfolios.   

 In the fourth
quarter of 2016, our Pennsylvania and Delaware regulators approved an updated
discount rate that we applied to our workers’ compensation loss reserves for
the legal entities domiciled in those states.  

 The discount
consists of $932 million of tabular discount for workers’ compensation and
$2.6 billion of non-tabular discount for workers’ compensation.  During
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 the benefit/(charge) from
changes in discount of $422 million, $71 million and
$(478) million, respectively, were recorded as part of the policyholder
benefits and losses incurred in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

 The following table presents the components of the loss reserve discount
discussed above: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial
  Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial
  Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. workers' compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   964 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,141 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total reserve discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,583 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,148 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the net loss reserve discount benefit
(charge): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Legacy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Portfolio
  - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Financial
  Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial
  Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial
  Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Current accident year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
 
   
   Accretion and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjustments to prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   year discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (235) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of interest rate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (407) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
 
   
   Amount transferred to run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net change in total reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (407) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprised of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (385) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (456) 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 


 During 2016,
effective interest rates declined due to a decrease in the forward yield curve
component of the discount rates reflecting a decline in U.S. Treasury rates
along the changes in payout pattern assumptions.  This resulted in a decrease
in the loss reserve discount by $106 million.  

 During 2015, the
effective interest rate increased due to the increase in Treasury rates and
credit spreads that resulted in an increase in the loss reserve discount by
$225 million. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            259 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 During 2014, the effective interest rate decreased due to
the decrease in Treasury rates along with changes in payout pattern assumptions
that resulted in a decrease in the loss reserve discount by $397 million. 

 On January 1,
2014, we merged two internal pooling arrangements of our U.S. Property Casualty
companies into one pool, and changed the participation percentages of the pool
members resulting in a reallocation of loss reserves from New York-domiciled
companies to those domiciled in Pennsylvania and Delaware. As a result of these
changes in the participation percentages and domiciliary states of the
participants of the combined pool, we recognized a discount benefit of $110
million in the first quarter of 2014. 

 Future Policy Benefits  

 Future policy
benefits primarily include reserves for traditional life and annuity payout
contracts, which represent an estimate of the present value of future benefits
less the present value of future net premiums. Included in Future policy
benefits are liabilities for annuities issued in structured settlement
arrangements whereby a claimant has agreed to settle a general insurance claim
in exchange for fixed payments over a fixed determinable period of time with a
life contingency feature.  

 Future policy
benefits also include certain guaranteed benefits of variable annuity products
that are not considered embedded derivatives, primarily guaranteed minimum
death benefits.  See Note 14 for additional information on guaranteed minimum
death benefits.  

 The liability
for long-duration future policy benefits has been established including
assumptions for interest rates which vary by year of issuance and product, and
range from approximately 0.1 percent to 14 percent. Mortality and surrender
rate assumptions are generally based on actual experience when the liability is
established. 

 Policyholder Contract Deposits  

 The liability
for Policyholder contract deposits is primarily recorded at accumulated value
(deposits received and net transfers from separate accounts, plus accrued
interest credited at rates ranging from 0.2 percent to 9.0 percent at December
31, 2016, less withdrawals and assessed fees). Deposits collected on
investment-oriented products are not reflected as revenues, because they are
recorded directly to Policyholder contract deposits upon receipt.  Amounts
assessed against the contract holders for mortality, administrative, and other
services are included in revenues.  

 In addition to
liabilities for universal life, fixed annuities, fixed options within variable
annuities, annuities without life contingencies, funding agreements and GICs, policyholder
contract deposits also include our liability for (a) certain guaranteed
benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair
value, (b) annuities issued in a structured settlement arrangement with no
life contingency and (c) certain contracts we have elected to account for
at fair value.  See Note 14 herein for additional information on guaranteed
benefits accounted for as embedded derivatives. 

 For universal
life policies with secondary guarantees, we recognize certain liabilities in
addition to policyholder account balances.  For universal life policies with
secondary guarantees, as well as other universal life policies for which
profits followed by losses are expected at contract inception, a liability is
recognized based on a benefit ratio of (a) the present value of total expected
payments, in excess of the account value, over the life of the contract,
divided by (b) the present value of total expected assessments over the life of
the contract.  For universal life policies without secondary guarantees, for
which profits followed by losses are first expected after contract inception,
we establish a liability, in addition to policyholder account balances, so that
expected future losses are recognized in proportion to the emergence of profits
in the earlier (profitable) years.  Universal life account balances as well as
these additional liabilities related to universal life products are reported
within Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 Under
a funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, an unaffiliated,
non-consolidated statutory trust issues medium-term notes to investors, which
are secured by GICs issued to the trust by one of our Life Insurance Companies
through our Institutional Markets business. 

 The following table presents Policyholder contract deposits by
product line: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51,278 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,103 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,854 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,691 
   
  
 
   
   Variable and Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,934 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,927 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,533 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Portfolio 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,480 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,216 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   127,588 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  260   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    13. Insurance Liabilities 

   


 
 Other Policyholder Funds 

 Other
policyholder funds include unearned revenue reserves (URR). URR consist of
front-end loads on investment-oriented contracts, representing those policy
loads that are non-level and typically higher in initial policy years than in
later policy years. URR for investment-oriented contracts are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits (EGPs) to be realized over the estimated lives of the
contracts and are subject to the same adjustments due to changes in the
assumptions underlying EGPs as DAC.  Amortization of URR is recorded in Policy
fees.  

 Other
policyholder funds also include provisions for future dividends to
participating policyholders, accrued in accordance with all applicable
regulatory or contractual provisions. Participating life business represented
approximately 1.9 percent of gross insurance in force at December 31, 2016
and 3.1 percent of gross domestic premiums and other considerations in 2016. The
amount of annual dividends to be paid is approved locally by the boards of
directors of the Life Insurance Companies. Provisions for future dividend
payments are computed by jurisdiction, reflecting local regulations. The
portions of current and prior net income and of current unrealized appreciation
of investments that can inure to our benefit are restricted in some cases by
the insurance contracts and by the local insurance regulations of the
jurisdictions in which the policies are in force. 

 Certain products
are subject to experience adjustments. These include group life and group
medical products, credit life contracts, accident and health insurance
contracts/riders attached to life policies and, to a limited extent,
reinsurance agreements with other direct insurers. Ultimate premiums from these
contracts are estimated and recognized as revenue with the unearned portions of
the premiums recorded as liabilities in Other policyholder funds. Experience
adjustments vary according to the type of contract and the territory in which
the policy is in force and are subject to local regulatory guidance. 



 
  



 

 14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts  

 


 We
report variable contracts within the separate accounts when investment income
and investment gains and losses accrue directly to, and investment risk is
borne by, the contract holder and the separate account meets additional
accounting criteria to qualify for separate account treatment. The assets
supporting the variable portion of variable annuity and variable universal life
contracts that qualify for separate account treatment are carried at fair value
and reported as Separate account assets, with an equivalent summary total
reported as Separate account liabilities.  

 Policy values
for variable products and investment contracts are expressed in terms of
investment units. Each unit is linked to an asset portfolio. The value of a
unit increases or decreases based on the value of the linked asset portfolio.
The current liability at any time is the sum of the current unit value of all
investment units in the separate accounts, plus any liabilities for guaranteed
minimum death benefits or guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits included in
Future policy benefits or Policyholder contract deposits, respectively. 

 Amounts assessed
against the contract holders for mortality, administrative and other services
are included in revenue. Net investment income, net investment gains and
losses, changes in fair value of assets, and policyholder account deposits and
withdrawals related to separate accounts are excluded from the Consolidated
Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Cash Flows.  

 Variable
 annuity contracts may include
certain contractually guaranteed benefits to the contract holder. These
guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) that are
payable in the event of death, and living benefits that are payable in the
event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified dates during the
accumulation period. Living benefits include guaranteed minimum income benefits
(GMIB) and guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB). A variable annuity
contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for
example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can only
receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death
benefit and a living benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive, so the
exposure to the guaranteed amount for each feature is independent of the
exposure from other features (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to
potentially collect both a GMDB upon their spouse’s death and a GMWB during
their lifetime). A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living benefit on
one contract.  The net amount at risk for each feature is calculated
irrespective of the existence of other features; as a result, the net amount at
risk for each feature is not additive to that of other features. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            261 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 

   


 
 Account balances of variable annuity
contracts with guarantees were invested in separate account investment options
as follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Equity funds 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,266 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,284 
   
  
 
   
   Bond funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,261 
   
  
 
   
   Balanced funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,849 
   
  
 
   
   Money market funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   840 
   
  
     
   
  
   826 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,269 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,220 
   
  
 


 GMDB and GMIB  

 Depending on the
contract, the GMDB feature may provide a death benefit of either (a) total
deposits made to the contract less any partial withdrawals plus a minimum
return (and in rare instances, no minimum return) or (b) the highest
contract value attained, typically on any anniversary date minus any subsequent
withdrawals following the contract anniversary. GMIB guarantees a minimum level
of periodic income payments upon annuitization.  GMDB is our most widely
offered benefit. Our account values subject to guarantees also include GMIB to
a lesser extent, which is no longer offered. 

 The liabilities
for GMDB and GMIB, which are recorded in Future policy benefits, represent the
expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the
excess recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected
assessments, through Policyholder benefits and losses incurred.  The net amount
at risk for GMDB represents the amount of benefits in excess of account value
if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 

 The following table presents details concerning our GMDB
exposures, by benefit type : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
 
   
   Account value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Net amount at risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Average attained age of contract holders
  by product 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
   Range of guaranteed minimum return rates 
   
  
     
   
  
   0%-4.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0%-4.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 The following summarizes GMDB and GMIB liabilities related to variable
annuity contracts, excluding assumed reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   420 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   394 
   
  
 
   
      Reserve increase (decrease) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   420 
   
  
 


 Assumptions
used to determine the GMDB and GMIB liability include interest rates, which
vary by year of issuance and products; mortality rates, which are based upon
actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy form; lapse rates,
which are based upon actual experience modified to allow for variations in
policy form; i nvestment returns, using
assumptions from a randomly generated model; and  asset growth assumptions, which include a reversion to the mean
methodology, similar to that applied for DAC.   

 We regularly
evaluate estimates used to determine the GMDB liability and adjust the
additional liability balance, with a related charge or credit to Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred, if actual experience or other evidence suggests
that earlier assumptions should be revised. 

 GMWB  

 Certain of our
variable annuity contracts contain optional GMWB benefits and, to a lesser
extent, GMAB benefits, which are not currently offered. With a GMWB, the
contract holder can monetize the excess of the guaranteed amount over the
account value of the contract only through a series of withdrawals that do not
exceed a specific percentage per year of the guaranteed amount. If, after the
series of withdrawals, the account value is exhausted, the contract holder will
receive a series of annuity payments equal to the  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  262   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    14. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 

   


 
 remaining
guaranteed amount, and, for lifetime GMWB products, the annuity payments
continue as long as the covered person(s) is living.  

 The liabilities
for GMWB, which are recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted
for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair
value of the liabilities recorded in Other net realized capital gains (losses).
The fair value of these embedded derivatives was a net liability of $1.8
billion and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Note
5 for discussion of the fair value measurement of guaranteed benefits that are
accounted for as embedded derivatives.  We had account values subject to GMWB
that totaled $41 billion and $38 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The net amount at risk for GMWB represents the present value of
minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments, in accordance with contract terms, in
excess of account value, assuming no lapses. The net amount at risk related to
the GMWB guarantees was $834 million and $640 million at December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. We use derivative instruments and other financial
instruments to mitigate a portion of our exposure that arises from GMWB benefits. 
 



 
  



 

 15. Debt  

 


 Our long-term debt is
denominated in various currencies, with both fixed and variable interest rates.
Long-term debt is carried at the principal amount borrowed, including
unamortized discounts, hedge accounting valuation adjustments and fair value
adjustments, when applicable. The interest rates presented in the following
table reflect the range of contractual rates in effect at  December 31, 2016 ,
including fixed and variable rate issuances. 

 The following table lists our total debt outstanding at December
31, 2016 and 2015. The interest rates presented in the following table are the
range of contractual rates in effect at December 31, 2016, including fixed and
variable-rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
   Range
  of 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Interest
  Rate(s) 
   
  
   Date(s) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   0.99%
  - 8.13% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2097 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,432 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,047 
   
  
 
   
      Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   4.88%
  - 8.63% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2037
  - 2058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
 
   
      AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
   0.28%
  - 0.44% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020
  - 2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   6.63%
  - 7.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2025
  - 2029 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   7.57%
  - 8.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2030
  - 2046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   420 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,247 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,184 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      MIP notes payable 
   
  
   2.28%
  - 8.59% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
 
   
      Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
   0.94%
  - 7.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2047 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
      GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 7.62% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2047 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   2,934 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   3,276 
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
   0.51%
  - 10.37% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2047 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,076 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,806 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,260 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      mortgages payable 
   
  
   0.73%
  - 1.15% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (b) 
   
  
   0%
  - 9.31% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2062 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,371 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,987 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,106 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,989 
   
  
 
   
   Total long term debt    (c)   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
 


 (a)  AIG
Parent guarantees all such debt, except for MIP notes payable and Series AIGFP
matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of AIG
Parent.  Collateral posted to third parties was  $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion at  December 31, 2016  and  December 31, 2015 ,
respectively .  This collateral primarily
consists of securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities
and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 

 (b)  At
December 31, 2016, includes debt of consolidated investment vehicles
related to real estate investments of $1.9 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments of $1.7 billion and other securitization vehicles of $771
million. At December 31, 2015, includes debt of consolidated investment
vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.4 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments of $1.5 billion and other securitization vehicles of $1.0
billion. 

 (c)
 Includes debt issuance costs of $88 million and $101 million at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            263 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    15. Debt   

   


 
 The following table presents maturities of
long-term debt (including unamortized original issue discount, hedge accounting
valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, when applicable), excluding
$4.4 billion in borrowings of debt of consolidated investments: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year Ending 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,106 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   997 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,494 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,326 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   997 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,811 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   751 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,934 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   486 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,889 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   950 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,978 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,789 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,541 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,161 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,056 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,095 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,952 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,789 
   
  
 


 Uncollateralized and collateralized notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable consisted of the following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes/Bonds/Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages
  Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and mortgages payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
     
   
  
   735 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   735 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,065 
   
  
 


 *    AIG does not guarantee any of these borrowings. 

 AIGLH Junior Subordinated Debentures (Formerly, Liabilities Connected To
Trust Preferred Stock)  

 In connection
with our acquisition of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH) in 2001, we entered
into arrangements with AIGLH with respect to outstanding AIGLH capital
securities. In 1996, AIGLH issued capital securities through a trust to
institutional investors and funded the trust with AIGLH junior subordinated
debentures issued to the trust with the same terms as the capital securities.  

 On July 11, 2013,
the AIGLH junior subordinated debentures were distributed to holders of the
capital securities, the capital securities were cancelled and the trusts were
dissolved. At December 31, 2016, the junior subordinated debentures outstanding
consisted of $113 million of 8.5 percent junior subordinated debentures due
July 2030, $211 million of 8.125 percent junior subordinated debentures due
March 2046 and $37 million of 7.57 percent junior subordinated debentures due
December 2045, each guaranteed by AIG Parent. 

 Credit Facilities 

 We maintain a
committed, revolving syndicated credit facility (the Facility) as a potential
source of liquidity for general corporate purposes.  The Facility provides for
aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured revolving
loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion without any limits
on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in November 2020. 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Available 
   
  
      
   
  
   Effective 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Size
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
   Date 
   
  
 
   
   Syndicated Credit Facility 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
   November
  2020 
   
  
   11/5/2015 
   
  
 









 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  264   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 16.
Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

 


 In the normal course of business, various contingent
liabilities and commitments are entered into by AIG and our subsidiaries. In
addition, AIG Parent guarantees various obligations of certain subsidiaries. 

 Although AIG
cannot currently quantify its ultimate liability for unresolved litigation and
investigation matters, including those referred to below, it is possible that
such liability could have a material adverse effect on AIG’s consolidated
financial condition or its consolidated results of operations or consolidated
cash flows for an individual reporting period. 

 Legal Contingencies 

 Overview.     In the normal course of business, AIG and our subsidiaries
are, like others in the insurance and financial services industries in general,
subject to litigation, including claims for punitive damages. In our insurance
operations, litigation arising from claims settlement activities is generally
considered in the establishment of our loss reserves. However, the potential
for increasing jury awards and settlements makes it difficult to assess the
ultimate outcome of such litigation. AIG is also subject to derivative, class
action and other claims asserted by its shareholders and others alleging, among
other things, breach of fiduciary duties by its directors and officers and
violations of insurance laws and regulations, as well as federal and state
securities laws. In the case of any derivative action brought on behalf of AIG,
any recovery would accrue to the benefit of AIG. 

 Various
regulatory and governmental agencies have been reviewing certain transactions
and practices of AIG and our subsidiaries in connection with industry-wide and
other inquiries into, among other matters, certain business practices of
current and former operating insurance subsidiaries. We have cooperated, and
will continue to cooperate, in producing documents and other information in
response to subpoenas and other requests. 

 AIG’s Subprime Exposure, AIGFP Credit Default Swap Portfolio and Related
Matters 

 AIG,
AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively AIGFP), and
certain directors and officers of AIG, AIGFP and other AIG subsidiaries have
been named in various actions relating to our exposure to the U.S. residential
subprime mortgage market, unrealized market valuation losses on AIGFP’s super
senior credit default swap portfolio, losses and liquidity constraints relating
to our securities lending program and related disclosure and other matters
(Subprime Exposure Issues). 

 Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation.     On May 19,
2009, a consolidated class action complaint, resulting from the consolidation
of eight purported securities class actions filed between May 2008 and January
2009, was filed against AIG and certain directors and officers of AIG and
AIGFP, AIG’s outside auditors, and the underwriters of various securities
offerings in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York (the Southern District of New York) in In re American International
Group, Inc. 2008 Securities Litigation (the Consolidated 2008 Securities
Litigation), asserting claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), and claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), for allegedly materially false and misleading
statements in AIG’s public disclosures from March 16, 2006 to September 16,
2008 relating to, among other things, the Subprime Exposure Issues. 

 On July 15, 2014
and August 1, 2014, lead plaintiff, AIG and AIG’s outside auditor accepted
mediators’ proposals to settle the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation
against all defendants. On October 22, 2014, AIG made a cash payment of $960
million, which is being held in escrow until all funds are distributed. On
March 20, 2015, the Court issued an Order and Final Judgment approving the
class settlement and dismissing the action with prejudice, and the AIG
settlement became final on June 29, 2015. 

 Individual Securities Litigations.    Between November 18,
2011 and February 9, 2015, eleven separate, though similar, securities actions
(Individual Securities Litigations) were filed in or transferred to the
Southern District of New York (SDNY), asserting claims substantially similar to
those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation against AIG and certain
directors and officers of AIG and AIGFP. Two of the actions were voluntarily
dismissed. On September 10, 2015, the SDNY granted AIG’s motion to dismiss some
of the claims in the Individual Securities Litigations in whole or in part. AIG
has settled eight of the nine remaining actions. The remaining Individual
Securities Litigation pending in the SDNY was brought by a series of
institutional investor funds. After the court’s decision granting AIG’s motion
to dismiss plaintiff’s claims in part, the claims in the remaining action are
limited to a claim under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act for allegedly
materially false and misleading statements in AIG’s public disclosures from
February 8, 2008 to September 16, 2008 relating to, among other things, the
Subprime Exposure Issues. On January 17, 2017, AIG filed a motion for summary
judgment to dismiss the vast majority of the institutional investor funds’
remaining claims and a motion to stay the action pending the resolution of this
motion.        

 On March 27,
2015, an additional securities action was filed in state court in Orange
County, California asserting a claim against AIG pursuant to Section 11 of the
Securities Act (the California Action) that is substantially similar to those
in the Consolidated 2008  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            265 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 Securities Litigation and
the Individual Securities Litigations. After denying AIG’s motion to remove the
California Action to federal court and stay the action, the trial court
overruled AIG’s demurrer to dismiss all of the claims asserted in the
California Action, which is currently on appeal to the California Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Appellate District. 

 We have accrued
our current estimate of probable loss with respect to these litigations. 

 Starr International Litigation  

 On
November 21, 2011, Starr International Company, Inc. (SICO) filed a
complaint against the United States in the United States Court of Federal
Claims (the Court of Federal Claims), bringing claims, both individually and on
behalf of the classes defined below and derivatively on behalf of AIG (the SICO
Treasury Action). The complaint challenges the government’s assistance of AIG,
pursuant to which AIG entered into a credit facility with the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York (the FRBNY, and such credit facility, the FRBNY Credit
Facility) and the United States received an approximately 80 percent ownership
in AIG. The complaint alleges that the interest rate imposed on AIG and the
appropriation of approximately 80 percent of AIG’s equity was
discriminatory, unprecedented, and inconsistent with liquidity assistance
offered by the government to other comparable firms at the time and violated
the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Takings Clauses of the U.S.
Constitution. 

 In the SICO
Treasury Action, the only claims naming AIG as a party (as a nominal defendant)
are derivative claims on behalf of AIG. On September 21, 2012, SICO made a
pre‑litigation demand on our Board demanding that we pursue the
derivative claims or allow SICO to pursue the claims on our behalf. On
January 9, 2013, our Board unanimously refused SICO’s demand in its
entirety and on January 23, 2013, counsel for the Board sent a letter to
counsel for SICO describing the process by which our Board considered and
refused SICO’s demand and stating the reasons for our Board’s determination. 

 On
March 11, 2013, SICO filed a second amended complaint in the SICO Treasury
Action alleging that its demand was wrongfully refused. On June 26, 2013,
the Court of Federal Claims granted AIG’s and the United States’ motions to
dismiss SICO’s derivative claims in the SICO Treasury Action due to our Board’s
refusal of SICO’s demand and denied the United States’ motion to dismiss SICO’s
direct, non-derivative claims. 

 On
March 11, 2013, the Court of Federal Claims in the SICO Treasury Action
granted SICO’s motion for class certification of two classes with respect to
SICO’s non‑derivative claims: (1) persons and entities who held
shares of AIG Common Stock on or before September 16, 2008 and who owned
those shares on September 22, 2008 (the Credit Agreement Shareholder
Class); and (2) persons and entities who owned shares of AIG Common Stock
on June 30, 2009 and were eligible to vote those shares at AIG’s
June 30, 2009 annual meeting of shareholders (the Reverse Stock Split
Shareholder Class). SICO has provided notice of class certification to
potential members of the classes, who, pursuant to a court order issued on
April 25, 2013, had to return opt‑in consent forms by
September 16, 2013 to participate in either class. 286,908 holders of AIG
Common Stock during the two class periods have opted into the classes. 

 On June 15,
2015, the Court of Federal Claims issued its opinion and order in the SICO
Treasury Action.  The Court found that the United States exceeded its statutory
authority by exacting approximately 80 percent of AIG’s equity in exchange for
the FRBNY Credit Facility, but that AIG shareholders suffered no damages as a
result.  SICO argued during trial that the two classes are entitled to a total
of approximately $40 billion in damages, plus interest. The Court also found
that the United States was not liable to the Reverse Stock Split Class in
connection with the reverse stock split vote at the June 30, 2009 annual
meeting of shareholders. 

 On June 17,
2015, the Court of Federal Claims entered judgment stating that “the Credit
Agreement Shareholder Class shall prevail on liability due to the Government's
illegal exaction, but shall recover zero damages, and that the Reverse Stock
Split Shareholder Class shall not prevail on liability or damages.”  SICO
filed a notice of appeal of the July 2, 2012 dismissal of SICO’s
unconstitutional conditions claim, the June 26, 2013 dismissal of SICO’s
derivative claims, the Court’s June 15, 2015 opinion and order, and the Court’s
June 17, 2015 judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit. The United States filed a notice of cross appeal of the Court’s July
2, 2012 opinion and order denying in part its motion to dismiss, the Court’s
June 26, 2013 opinion and order denying its motion to dismiss SICO’s direct
claims, the Court’s June 15, 2015 opinion and order, and the Court’s June 17,
2015 judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 

 On August 25,
2015, SICO filed its appellate brief, in which it stated SICO does not appeal
the dismissal of the derivative claims it asserted on behalf of AIG.  

 In the Court of
Federal Claims, the United States has alleged, as an affirmative defense in its
answer, that AIG is obligated to indemnify the FRBNY and its representatives,
including the Federal Reserve Board of Governors and the United States (as the
FRBNY’s principal), for any recovery in the SICO Treasury Action. 

 AIG believes that
any indemnification obligation would arise only if: (a) SICO prevails on its
appeal and ultimately receives an award of damages; (b) the United States then
commences an action against AIG seeking indemnification; and (c) the United
States is successful in such an action through any appellate process. If SICO
prevails on its claims and the United States seeks indemnification  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  266   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 from AIG, AIG intends to assert defenses thereto. A
reversal of the Court of Federal Claim’s June 17, 2015 decision and judgment and
a final determination that the United States is liable for damages, together
with a final  determination that AIG is
obligated to indemnify the United States for any such damages, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and
results of operations. 

 Regulatory and Related Matters 

 In
April 2007, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) formed a
Settlement Review Working Group, directed by the State of Indiana, to review
the Workers’ Compensation Residual Market Assessment portion of the settlement
between AIG, the Office of the New York Attorney General, and the New York
State Department of Insurance.  In late 2007, the Settlement Review
Working Group, under the direction of Indiana, Minnesota and Rhode Island, recommended
that a multi-state targeted market conduct examination focusing on workers’
compensation insurance be commenced under the direction of the NAIC’s Market
Analysis Working Group.  AIG was informed of the multi-state targeted
market conduct examination in January 2008.  The lead states in the
multi-state examination were Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Massachusetts,
Minnesota, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island.  All other states (and
the District of Columbia) agreed to participate in the multi-state examination.
The examination focused on legacy issues related to certain AIG entities’
writing and reporting of workers compensation insurance between 1985 and
1996.   

 On December 17, 2010,
AIG and the lead states reached an agreement to settle all regulatory
liabilities arising out of the subjects of the multistate examination. 
This regulatory settlement agreement, which was agreed to by all 50 states and
the District of Columbia, included, among other terms, (i) AIG’s payment
of $100 million in regulatory fines and penalties; (ii) AIG’s payment of $46.5
million in outstanding premium taxes and assessments; (iii) AIG’s agreement to
enter into a compliance plan describing agreed-upon specific steps and
standards for evaluating AIG’s ongoing compliance with state regulations
governing the setting of workers’ compensation insurance premium rates and
the reporting of workers’ compensation premiums; and (iv) AIG’s agreement
to pay up to $150 million in contingent fines in the event that AIG fails to
comply substantially with the compliance plan requirements. In furtherance of
the compliance plan, the agreement provided for a monitoring period from May
29, 2012 to May 29, 2014 leading up to a compliance plan examination. 
After the close of the monitoring period, as part of preparation for the actual
conduct of the compliance plan examination, on or about October 1, 2014, AIG
and the lead states agreed upon corrective action plans to address particular
issues identified during the monitoring period.  The compliance plan
examination is ongoing. There can be no assurance that the result of the
compliance plan examination will not result in a fine, have a material adverse
effect on AIG’s ongoing operations or lead to civil litigation. 

 In connection
with a multi‑state examination of certain accident and health products,
including travel products, issued by National Union Fire Insurance Company of
Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union), AIG Property Casualty Inc. (formerly Chartis
Inc.), on behalf of itself, National Union, and certain of AIG Property
Casualty Inc.’s insurance and non‑insurance companies (collectively,
the AIG PC parties) entered into a Regulatory Settlement Agreement with
regulators from 50 U.S. jurisdictions effective November 29, 2012. Under
the agreement, and without admitting any liability for the issues raised in the
examination, the AIG PC parties (i) paid a civil penalty of
$50 million, (ii) entered into a corrective action plan describing
agreed‑upon specific steps and standards for evaluating the AIG PC
parties’ ongoing compliance with laws and regulations governing the issues
identified in the examination, and (iii) agreed to pay a contingent fine
in the event that the AIG PC parties fail to satisfy certain terms of the
corrective action plan. On April 29, 2016, National Union and other AIG
companies achieved a settlement in principle of civil litigation relating to
the conduct of their accident and health business, subject to formal
documentation and court approval. Preliminary approval of the settlement was
granted on October 14, 2016, and the settlement funds have been placed into
escrow, pending final court approval of the settlement. We had previously
accrued our estimate of loss with respect to this settlement. On May 23, 2016,
the managing lead state in the multi-state examination ordered that the
companies subject to the Regulatory Settlement Agreement have “complied with
the terms” of the Regulatory Settlement Agreement and that no contingent fine
or civil penalty would be due. 

 Legal Reserves 

 We
recorded increases in our legal reserve liability of $14 million and $25
million in the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 Commitments 

 We occupy leased
space in many locations under various long-term leases and have entered into
various leases covering the long-term use of data processing equipment. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            267 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    16. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees   

   


 
 The following
table presents the future minimum lease payments under operating leases at
December 31, 2016: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
   $
   
   
  
   295 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
 
   
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining years after 2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $
   
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
 


 Rent expense
was $331 million, $327 million and $471 million for the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

 Other Commitments 

 In the normal course of business, we enter into commitments
to invest in limited partnerships, private equity funds and hedge funds and to
purchase and develop real estate in the U.S. and abroad. These commitments
totaled $3.2 billion at December 31, 2016. 

 Guarantees 

 Subsidiaries 

 We have issued unconditional guarantees with
respect to the prompt payment, when due, of all present and future payment
obligations and liabilities of AIGFP and of AIG Markets arising from
transactions entered into by AIG Markets.  

 In connection with AIGFP’s business activities, AIGFP has
issued, in a limited number of transactions, standby letters of credit or
similar facilities to equity investors of structured leasing transactions in an
amount equal to the termination value owing to the equity investor by the
lessee in the event of a lessee default (the equity termination value). The
total amount outstanding at December 31, 2016 was $140 million. In those
transactions, AIGFP has agreed to pay such amount if the lessee fails to pay.
The amount payable by AIGFP is, in certain cases, partially offset by amounts
payable under other instruments typically equal to the present value of
scheduled payments to be made by AIGFP. In the event that AIGFP is required to
make a payment to the equity investor, the lessee is unconditionally obligated
to reimburse AIGFP. To the extent that the equity investor is paid the equity
termination value from the standby letter of credit and/or other sources,
including payments by the lessee, AIGFP takes an assignment of the equity
investor’s rights under the lease of the underlying property. Because the
obligations of the lessee under the lease transactions are generally
economically defeased, lessee bankruptcy is the most likely circumstance in
which AIGFP would be required to pay without reimbursement. 

 Asset Dispositions 

 We are subject to financial guarantees and
indemnity arrangements in connection with the completed sales of businesses
pursuant to our asset disposition plan. The various arrangements may be
triggered by, among other things, declines in asset values, the occurrence of
specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities,
developments in litigation or breaches of representations, warranties or
covenants provided by us. These arrangements are typically subject to various
time limitations, defined by the contract or by operation of law, such as
statutes of limitation. In some cases, the maximum potential obligation is
subject to contractual limitations, while in other cases such limitations are
not specified or are not applicable. 

 We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of the
maximum potential payout under certain of these arrangements. Overall, we
believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments related
to completed sales under these arrangements, and no material liabilities related
to these arrangements have been recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

 Other 

 •     
 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional discussion on commitments and guarantees associated with VIEs. 

 •       See
Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures
about derivatives.  

 •       See
Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures
about guarantees of outstanding debt. 








 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  268   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 17. Equity 

 


 Shares Outstanding 

 The following table presents a rollforward of outstanding shares: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Common
  Stock 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stock
  Issued 
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,645,689 
   
  
   (442,582,366) 
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   25,803 
   
  
   15,748 
   
  
   41,551 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (88,177,903) 
   
  
   (88,177,903) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (530,744,521) 
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (530,744,521) 
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   371,806 
   
  
   371,806 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (182,382,160) 
   
  
   (182,382,160) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (712,754,875) 
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (712,754,875) 
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,069,110 
   
  
   2,069,110 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (200,649,886) 
   
  
   (200,649,886) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (911,335,651) 
   
  
   995,335,841 
   
  
 


 Dividends 

 Payment
of future dividends to our shareholders and repurchases of AIG Common Stock
depends in part on the regulatory framework that we are currently subject to
and that will ultimately be applicable to us, including as a nonbank
systemically important financial institution under the Dodd‑Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd‑Frank) and a global
systemically important insurer. In addition, dividends are payable on AIG
Common Stock only when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors in its
discretion, from funds legally available for this purpose. In considering
whether to pay a dividend or purchase shares of AIG Common Stock, our Board of
Directors considers a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the
capital resources available to support our insurance operations and business
strategies, AIG’s funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to
internal benchmarks, expectations for capital generation, rating agency
expectations for capital, regulatory standards for capital and capital
distributions, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem
relevant. 

 The following table presents record date, payment
date and dividends paid per share on AIG Common Stock: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends
  Paid 
   
  
 
   
   Record Date 
   
  
   Payment Date 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Per
  Share 
   
  
 
   
   December 8, 2016 
   
  
   December 22, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   September 15, 2016 
   
  
   September 29, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   June 13, 2016 
   
  
   June 27, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
   March 14, 2016 
   
  
   March 28, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.32 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 7, 2015 
   
  
   December 21, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.28 
   
  
 
   
   September 14, 2015 
   
  
   September 28, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.28 
   
  
 
   
   June 11, 2015 
   
  
   June 25, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   March 12, 2015 
   
  
   March 26, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 4, 2014 
   
  
   December 18, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   September 11, 2014 
   
  
   September 25, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   June 10, 2014 
   
  
   June 24, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   March 11, 2014 
   
  
   March 25, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            269 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 Repurchase of AIG Common Stock 

 The following table presents repurchases of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate repurchases of common stock 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,460 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,902 
   
  
 
   
   Total number of common shares repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate repurchases of warrants 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total number of warrants repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 *    The
total number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but
the aggregate purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares
of AIG Common Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an accelerated
stock repurchase (ASR) agreement executed in the fourth quarter of 2014. 

 Our
Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock
through a series of actions. On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors
authorized an additional increase of $3.0 billion to its previous share
repurchase authorization, resulting in an aggregate remaining authorization on
such date of approximately $4.4 billion.  As of December 31, 2016,
approximately $2.5 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization.
Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private
purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic
repurchase transactions or otherwise  (including
through the purchase of warrants) . Certain of
our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be effected through
Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. 

 In the second,
third and fourth quarters of 2014, we executed five ASR agreements with
third-party financial institutions. The total number of shares of AIG Common
Stock repurchased in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2014, and the
aggregate purchase price of those shares, each as set forth above, reflect our
payment of approximately $3.1 billion in the aggregate under the ASR agreements
and the receipt of approximately 53 million shares of AIG Common Stock in the
aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70 percent of the total notional
share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million shares of AIG Common Stock,
under an ASR agreement executed in December 2014. That ASR agreement settled in
January 2015, at which time we received approximately 3.5 million additional
shares of AIG Common Stock based on a formula specified by the terms of the ASR
agreement.  

 The timing of
any future repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factor s. 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

 The following table presents a rollforward of Accumulated other
comprehensive income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Unrealized Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Maturity Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   on Which Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Temporary Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Impairments  
   
  
     
   
  
   of All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Were Taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance,
  January 1, 2014, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,789 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (952) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  appreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,720 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  acquisition costs adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,246) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in net actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (815) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (815) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in deferred tax asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (418) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance,
  December 31, 2014, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,043 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,784) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  270   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
 
  
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  depreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (488) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,519) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,007) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  acquisition costs adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,119 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,204 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in net actuarial gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in deferred tax asset (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,553 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance,
  December 31, 2015, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,566 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,879) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (846) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  appreciation (depreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (326) 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   605 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  acquisition costs adjustment and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (676) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (676) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in net actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
      Change
  in deferred tax asset 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance,
  December 31, 2016, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   426 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,629) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (972) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the other comprehensive income (loss)
reclassification adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturity Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   on Which Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments Were 
   
  
     
   
  
   of All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized
  change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (866) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,908 
   
  
 
   
   Less:
  Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included
  in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (864) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
 
   
   Less:
  Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net
  of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized
  change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,068) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,383) 
   
  
 
   
   Less:
  Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included
  in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    
  before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (542) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,142) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,639) 
   
  
 
   
   Less:
  Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,553) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net
  of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            271 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    17. Equity   

   


 
   

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized
  change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (222) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (344) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,296 
   
  
 
   
   Less:
  Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included
  in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    
  before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (345) 
   
  
     
   
  
   541 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   (173) 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
 
   
   Less:
  Income tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (298) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (577) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net
  of income tax benefit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   693 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the effect of the reclassification of
significant items out of Accumulated other comprehensive income on the
respective line items in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Amount Reclassified  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from Accumulated Other  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Comprehensive Income 
   
  
   Affected
  Line Item in the  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Statements of Income 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  of fixed maturity investments on which other-than-temporary credit
  impairments were taken 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  of all other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   669 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred acquisition costs adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
      Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in retirement plan liabilities
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior-service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total reclassifications for the
  period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *   These
Accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the
computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 21 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  272   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    18. Earnings Per Share 

   


 
 18. Earnings Per
Share (EPS) 

 


 The basic EPS computation is
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, adjusted to
reflect all stock dividends and stock splits. The diluted EPS computation is
based on those shares used in the basic EPS computation plus shares that would
have been outstanding assuming issuance of common shares for all dilutive
potential common shares outstanding and adjusted to reflect all stock dividends
and stock splits.  

 The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted
EPS:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Numerator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing
  operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
 
   
      Less: Net income (loss) from
  continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
      income (loss) attributable to AIG
  common shareholders from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (759) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,579 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
 
   
      Net income (loss) attributable to
  AIG common shareholders 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 
   
   Denominator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares
  outstanding — basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299,825,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427,959,799 
   
  
 
   
      Dilutive shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,639,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,593,853 
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares
  outstanding — diluted (a)(b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091,085,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334,464,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share
  attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing
  operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
 
   
   Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from continuing
  operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.70) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.08) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.78) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
 


 (a)  Shares
in the diluted EPS calculation represent basic shares for 2016 due to the net
loss in that period.  The shares excluded from the calculation were 30,326,772
shares. 

 (b)  Dilutive
shares included our share-based employee compensation plans and a weighted
average portion of the warrants issued to AIG shareholders as part of AIG’s
recapitalization in January 2011.  The number of shares excluded from diluted
shares outstanding were 0.2 million, 0.2 million and 0.3 million
for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, because the
effect of including those shares in the calculation would have been
anti-dilutive.      



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            273 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions   

   


 
 19. Statutory
Financial Data and Restrictions 

 


 The following table presents statutory net income (loss) and
capital and surplus for our Property Casualty Insurance Companies and our Life
Insurance Companies in accordance with statutory accounting practices: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory net income (loss) (a)(b)(c) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,316) 
   
  
     
   
  
   594 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,252 
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty Insurance
  Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,545) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,038 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,517 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,200 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,865 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,195 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,856 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory capital and surplus (a)(b)(c) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,956 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,995 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty Insurance
  Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,508 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,951 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,379 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,853 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,801 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate minimum required statutory
  capital and surplus :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,390 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,119 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,208 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Property Casualty Insurance
  Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,745 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,327 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,341 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,838 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Excludes discontinued operations
and other divested businesses. Statutory capital and surplus and net income
(loss) with respect to foreign operations are as of November 30.  

 (b)             In aggregate, the 2015
Property Casualty Insurance Companies and Life Insurance Companies statutory
net income decreased by $146 million and the 2015 Property Casualty Insurance
Companies and Life Insurance Companies statutory capital and surplus increased
by $3.2 billion, compared to the amounts previously reported in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, due to finalization
of statutory filings, as well as inclusion of the finalized statutory net loss
and statutory capital and surplus of Eaglestone of $3.4 million and $1.9
billion, respectively. The results of Eaglestone were excluded from the 2015
Property Casualty Insurance Companies statutory net income and statutory
capital and surplus in our previously reported Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. 

 (c)             Property Casualty Insurance
Companies recognized $200 million and $2.9 billion of capital contributions
from AIG Parent in their statutory financial statements as of December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively, related to the reserve strengthening in the fourth
quarter of each year. These capital contributions were received in February
2017 and January 2016, respectively. 

 Our
insurance subsidiaries file financial statements prepared in accordance with
statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by domestic and foreign
insurance regulatory authorities. The principal differences between statutory
financial statements and financial statements prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP for domestic companies are that statutory financial statements
do not reflect DAC, some bond portfolios may be carried at amortized cost,
investment impairments are determined in accordance with statutory accounting
practices, assets and liabilities are presented net of reinsurance,
policyholder liabilities are generally valued using more conservative
assumptions and certain assets are non-admitted. 

 For domestic insurance subsidiaries, aggregate minimum
required statutory capital and surplus is based on the greater of the RBC level
that would trigger regulatory action or minimum requirements per state
insurance regulation. Capital and surplus requirements of our foreign
subsidiaries differ from those prescribed in the U.S., and can vary
significantly by jurisdiction. At both December 31, 2016  
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  274   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    19. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions   

   


 
 and
2015, all domestic and foreign insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded the
minimum required statutory capital and surplus requirements and all domestic
insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded RBC minimum required levels. 

 At December 31, 2016 and 2015, our domestic insurance
subsidiaries used the following permitted practices that resulted in reported
statutory surplus or risk-based capital that is significantly different from
the statutory surplus or risk based capital that would have been reported had
NAIC statutory accounting practices or the prescribed regulatory accounting
practices of their respective state regulator been followed in all respects: 

 •       In
2016 and 2015, a domestic life insurance subsidiary domiciled in Texas applied
a permitted statutory accounting practice, initially adopted in 2015, to report
derivatives used to hedge interest rate risk on product-related embedded
derivatives at amortized cost instead of fair value.  This permitted practice
resulted in an increase in the statutory surplus of our subsidiary of $645
million at December 31, 2016 and a reduction of $366 million at December 31,
2015.  

 •       In
2016, certain domestic property and casualty subsidiaries domiciled in New
York, Pennsylvania and Delaware applied a permitted practice to present the
inception date effects of the 2017 adverse loss development cover in their 2016
statutory-basis financial statements.  This permitted practice resulted in an
increase in the subsidiaries’ aggregate surplus as of December 31, 2016 of $724
million.  This increase otherwise would have been recognized in 2017. 

 As described in Note 13, our domestic property and casualty
insurance subsidiaries domiciled in New York, Pennsylvania and Delaware
discount non-tabular workers’ compensation reserves based on applicable
prescribed or approved regulations, or in the case of our Delaware subsidiary,
based on a permitted practice.  This practice did not have a material impact on
our statutory surplus, statutory net income (loss) or risk-based capital. 

 The NAIC Model Regulation
“Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires U.S. life insurers
to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance policies
with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with secondary
guarantees (ULSGs). In addition,  NAIC  Actuarial Guideline
38 (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation XXX as to
these guarantees, including certain ULSGs.  

 Domestic life insurance subsidiaries manage the capital
impact of  statutory reserve
requirements  under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX  through unaffiliated and  affiliated   reinsurance transactions. The affiliated life
insurers providing reinsurance capacity for such transactions are fully
licensed insurance companies and are not formed under captive insurance laws.
One of these  affiliated   reinsurance arrangements,
under which certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to new
and in-force business were ceded to an affiliated U.S. life insurer, was
recaptured effective December 31, 2016 and these reserves were ceded to an unaffiliated
reinsurer. 

 Under the other intercompany reinsurance arrangement,
certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to a closed block of
in-force business are ceded to an affiliated off-shore life insurer, which is
licensed as a class E insurer under Bermuda law.  Bermuda law permits the
off-shore life insurer to record an asset that effectively reduces the
statutory reserves for the assumed reinsurance to the level that would be
required under U.S. GAAP. Letters of credit are used to support the credit for
reinsurance provided by the  affiliated
 off-shore life insurer. See Note 8 for additional information regarding these
letters of credit.   

 Subsidiary Dividend Restrictions 

 Payments of dividends to us by our insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. With
respect to our domestic insurance subsidiaries, the payment of any dividend
requires formal notice to the insurance department in which the particular
insurance subsidiary is domiciled. For example, unless permitted by the Superintendent
of Financial Services, property casualty companies domiciled in New York
generally may not pay dividends to shareholders that, in any 12‑month
period, exceed the lesser of 10 percent of such company’s statutory
policyholders’ surplus or 100 percent of its “adjusted net investment
income,” for the previous year, as defined. Generally, less severe restrictions
applicable to both property casualty and life insurance companies exist in most
of the other states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled. Under
the laws of many states, an insurer may pay a dividend without prior approval
of the insurance regulator when the amount of the dividend is below certain
regulatory thresholds. Other foreign jurisdictions may restrict the ability of
our foreign insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. Various other regulatory
restrictions also limit cash loans and advances to us by our subsidiaries. 

 Largely as a result of these restrictions, approximately $45.1
billion of the statutory capital and surplus of our consolidated insurance
subsidiaries were restricted from transfer to AIG Parent without prior
approval of state insurance regulators at December 31, 2016.  

 To our knowledge, no AIG insurance company is currently on
any regulatory or similar “watch list” with regard to solvency. 

 Parent Company Dividend Restrictions 

 At December 31, 2016, our ability to pay dividends is not
subject to any significant contractual restrictions, but remains subject to
regulatory restrictions. See Note 17 herein for additional information about
our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. 








 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                              275 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based And Other Compensation Plans   

   


 
 20. Share-Based
Compensation Plans  

 


 The following table presents our share‑based compensation expense: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - pre-tax * 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   365 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   349 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - after tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
 


 *    We
recognized $105 million, $147 million and $120 million for immediately vested
stock-settled awards issued to retirement eligible employees in 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively.  

 Employee Plans 

 The Company
grants annual Long Term Incentive (LTI) awards under the 2013 Long Term
Incentive Plan (2013 LTIP), which is governed by the AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive
Plan (2013 Plan).  The 2013 Plan replaced the AIG 2010 Stock Incentive Plan
(2010 Plan) as of May 15, 2013 but does not affect the terms and conditions of
any award issued under the 2010 Plan.  The 2013 Plan is currently the only plan
under which share-settled awards can be made.  Our share-settled awards are
settled with previously acquired shares held in AIG’s treasury.  

 AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

 The
2013 Plan was adopted at the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and provides
for the grants of share-based awards to our employees and non-employee
directors.  The total number of shares that may be granted under the 2013 Plan
(the reserve) is the sum of 1) 45 million shares of AIG Common Stock, plus 2)
the number of authorized shares that remained available for issuance under the
2010 Plan when the 2013 Plan became effective, plus 3) the number of shares of
AIG Common Stock relating to outstanding awards under the 2010 Plan at the time
the 2013 Plan became effective that subsequently are forfeited, expired,
terminated or otherwise lapse or are settled in cash.  Each share-based unit
granted under the 2013 Plan reduces the number of shares available for future
grants by one share.  However, shares with respect to awards that are
forfeited, expired or settled for cash, and shares withheld for taxes on awards
(other than options and stock appreciation rights (SARs) awards) are returned
to the reserve.   

 During  2016 , performance  share units (PSUs) and deferred stock units (DSUs) were
granted under the 2013 Plan and 43,510,168 shares are available for future
grants as of December 31, 2016.  PSUs were issued to employees as part of our
long-term incentive program in March 2016 and are also issued for off-cycle
grants, which are made from time to time during the year as sign-on awards to
new hires or as a result of a change in employee status. 

 AIG 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 

 The
2010 Plan was adopted at the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  The total
number of shares of AIG Common Stock that could be granted under the 2010 Plan
was 60 million.  During 2013, we granted PSUs, DSUs and restricted stock units
(RSUs) under the 2010 Plan.  Each PSU, DSU and RSU awarded reduced the number
of shares available for future grants by one share.  Subsequent to the adoption
of the 2013 Plan in May 2013, no additional grants were made under the 2010 Plan. 

 Share - Settled Awards 

 AIG 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan 

 The
2013 LTIP provides for the annual grant of PSUs to certain employees, including
our senior executive officers and other highly compensated employees.   Each
recipient of an award is granted a number of PSUs (the target) that provides
the opportunity to receive shares of AIG Common Stock based on AIG achieving
specified performance goals at the end of a three-year performance period. 
These performance goals are pre-established by AIG’s Compensation and
Management Resources Committee (CMRC) for each annual grant and may differ from
year to year. For each award, the actual number of PSUs earned can vary from
zero to 150 percent of the target depending on AIG’s performance relative to a
specified peer group. Vesting occurs in three equal installments beginning on
January 1 of the year immediately following the end of a performance period and
January 1 of each of the next two years.  Recipients must be employed at each
vesting date to be entitled to share delivery, except upon the occurrence of an
accelerated vesting event, such as an involuntary termination without cause,
disability, retirement eligibility or death during the vesting period.   


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  276   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based And Other Compensation Plans   

   


 
 Beginning in 2015, LTI awards granted accrue dividend
equivalent units (DEUs) in the form of additional PSUs whenever a cash dividend
is declared on shares of AIG Common Stock; the DEUs are subject to the same
vesting terms and conditions as the underlying PSUs.   

 Performance Share Unit Valuation 

 The
value of each award is based on the nature of the performance goals and the
price per unit is fixed as of the grant date. PSUs granted in 2016 are measured
based on AIG’s total shareholder return (TSR). PSUs granted in 2015 and 2014
are measured based on AIG’s TSR and credit default swap (CDS) spread, weighted
75 percent and 25 percent, respectively. PSUs granted in 2013 are measured
based on AIG’s TSR and growth in tangible book value per common share (TBVPS)
(excluding accumulated other comprehensive income) weighted 50 percent each.  

 The fair value
of PSUs to be earned based on AIG’s CDS spreads and TBVPS was based on the
closing price of AIG Common Stock on the grant date. However, PSUs granted in
2014 and 2013 that vest based on these goals were discounted by the present
value of estimated dividends to be paid during the respective vesting periods
as these awards do not accrue dividends or DEUs.  The fair value of PSUs to be
earned based on AIG’s TSR was determined on the grant date using a Monte Carlo
simulation. 

 The following table presents the assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of PSUs that vest based on AIG’s TSR: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expected dividend yield (a) 
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.78 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected volatility (b) 
   
  
   24.55 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   22.71 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   23.66 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Risk-free interest rate (c) 
   
  
   1.30 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.01 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   0.76 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)  The
dividend yield is the projected annualized AIG dividend yield estimated by
Bloomberg Professional service as of the valuation date. 

 (b)  The
expected volatility is based on the implied volatilities of actively traded
stock options from the valuation date through the end of the PSU performance
period as estimated by Bloomberg Professional service. 

 (c)  The
risk-free interest rate is the continuously compounded interest rate for the
term between the valuation date and the end of the performance period that is
assumed to be constant and equal to the interpolated value between the closest
data points on the U.S. dollar LIBOR-swap curve as of the valuation date . 

 The following table summarizes outstanding share - settled LTI awards (a) : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted Average  
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year 
   
  
   Number of PSUs (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Grant-Date Fair Value  
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
   2016
  LTI 
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  LTI (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  LTI 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, beginning of year 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,046,958 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,559,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,250,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55.08 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.82 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37.07 
   
  
 
   
      Granted 
   
  
   5,092,452 
   
  
   4,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,471,850 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50.77 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.55 
   
  
 
   
      Vested 
   
  
   (2,315,667) 
   
  
   (681,396) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (652,198) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,974,941) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50.42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.20 
   
  
 
   
      Forfeited 
   
  
   (188,187) 
   
  
   (193,711) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (174,545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (165,114) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50.26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.81 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.71 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, end of year (d) 
   
  
   2,588,598 
   
  
   2,176,555 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,732,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55.52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.88 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38.03 
   
  
 


 (a)  Excludes
DSUs, which are discussed under Non-Employee Plan. 

 (b)  Except
for the 2013 LTI award, represents target number of PSUs granted, and does not
reflect potential increases or decreases that could result from the final
outcome of the performance goals for the respective awards, which is determined
in the quarter after the applicable performance period ends.  

 (c)
The performance period for the 2013 LTI awards ended December 31, 2015. The
number of earned PSUs was based on the results of the 2013 performance goals
adjudicated in the first quarter of 2016 by the CMRC.  This resulted in
additional units being granted, but no additional expense was recognized for
these units. 

 (d)
At December 31, 2016, the total unrecognized compensation cost (net of expected
forfeitures) for the unvested PSUs was $163 million and the
weighted-average and expected period of years over which that cost is expected
to be recognized are 1.26 years and 4 years.    

 Non-Employee Plan 

 Our non-employee
directors, who serve on our Board of Directors, receive share-based
compensation in the form of fully vested DSUs with delivery deferred until
retirement from the Board.  DSUs granted in 2016, 2015 and 2014 accrue DEUs
equal to the amount of any regular quarterly dividend that would have been paid
by AIG if the shares of AIG Common Stock underlying the DSUs had been
outstanding.  In 2016, 2015 and 2014, we granted to non-employee directors
41,974, 32,342 and 28,477 DSUs, respectively, under the 2013 Plan, and
recognized expense of $2.4 million, $1.9 million and $1.5 million,
respectively. 

 Cash-settled Awards  

 Share-based
cash-settled awards are recorded as liabilities until the final payout is made
or the award is replaced with a stock-settled award. Compensation expense is
recognized over the vesting periods, unless the award is fully vested on the
grant date in which case the entire award value is immediately recognized as
expense.  


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            277 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    20. Share-Based And Other Compensation Plans   

   


 
 Unlike stock-settled awards, which generally have a fixed
grant-date fair value (unless the award is subsequently modified), the fair
value of unsettled or unvested cash-settled awards is remeasured at the end of
each reporting period based on the change in fair value of one share of AIG
Common Stock. The liability and corresponding expense are adjusted accordingly
until the award is settled. 

 During the
period we were subject to Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) restrictions, we
issued various cash-settled share-based grants, including Stock Salary, TARP
RSU awards, and other cash-settled RSU awards, to certain of our most highly
compensated employees and executive officers in the form of restricted stock
units that were either fully vested with payment deferred, or subject to
specified service and performance conditions.  After the repayment of our TARP
obligations in December 2012, all performance conditions were satisfied; as a
result, we no longer issue awards that are subject to TARP restrictions. 

 During 2016,
2015 and 2014, we paid $29 million, $101 million and $155 million,
respectively, to settle outstanding TARP-related awards.  As of December 31,
2016, all TARP-related awards have been settled. 



 
  



 

 21. Employee Benefits  

 


 Pension Plans 

 We offer various
defined benefit plans to eligible employees. 

 The U.S. AIG
Retirement Plan (the qualified plan) is a noncontributory defined benefit plan
that is subject to the provisions of ERISA. U.S. salaried employees who are
employed by a participating company on or before December 1, 2014 and who have
completed 12 months of continuous service are eligible to participate in
the plan. Effective April 1, 2012, the qualified plan was converted to a cash
balance formula comprised of pay credits based on six percent of a plan
participant’s annual compensation (subject to IRS limitations) and annual interest
credits. Employees can take their vested benefits when they leave AIG as a lump
sum or an annuity option after completing at least three years of service. 
Employees satisfying certain age and service requirements (i.e. grandfathered
employees) remain covered under the average pay formula that was in effect
prior to the conversion to the cash balance formula.  The final average pay
formula is based upon a percentage of final average compensation multiplied by
years of credited service, up to 44 years.  Grandfathered employees will
receive the higher of the benefit under the cash balance formula or the final
average pay formula at retirement.  Non-U.S. defined benefit plans generally
are either based on the employee’s years of credited service and compensation
in the years preceding retirement or on points accumulated based on the
employee’s job grade and other factors during each year of service. 

 In the U.S. we
also sponsor non-qualified unfunded defined benefit plans, such as the AIG
Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (AIG NQRIP) for certain employees,
including key executives, designed to supplement pension benefits provided by
the qualified plan.  The AIG NQRIP provides a benefit equal to the
reduction in benefits under the qualified plan as a result of federal tax
limitations on compensation and benefits payable.  

 Plan Freeze 

 Effective
January 1, 2016, the U.S. defined benefit pension plans were frozen.
Consequently, these plans are closed to new participants and current
participants no longer earn benefits. However, interest credits continue to
accrue on the existing cash balance accounts and participants are continuing to
accrue years of service for purposes of vesting and early retirement
eligibility and subsidies as they continue to be employed by AIG. 

 Postretirement Plans 

 We also provide
postretirement medical care and life insurance benefits in the U.S. and in
certain non-U.S. countries. Eligibility in the various plans generally is based
upon completion of a specified period of eligible service and attaining a
specified age. Overseas, benefits vary by geographic location. 

 U.S.
postretirement medical and life insurance benefits are based upon the employee
attaining the age of 55 and having a minimum of ten years of service. Eligible
employees who have medical coverage can enroll in retiree medical upon
termination of employment. Medical benefits are contributory, while the life
insurance benefits generally are non-contributory. Retiree medical
contributions vary from none for pre-1989 retirees to actual premium payments reduced
by certain subsidies for post-1992 retirees. These contributions are subject to
adjustment annually. Other cost sharing features of the medical plan include
deductibles, coinsurance and Medicare coordination. Effective April 1,
2012, the retiree medical employer subsidy for the AIG postretirement plan was
eliminated for employees who were not grandfathered.   Additionally, new
employees hired after December 31, 2012 are not eligible for retiree life
insurance. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  278   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 The following table presents the funded
status of the plans reconciled to the amount reported in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. The measurement date for most of the non-U.S. defined benefit
pension and postretirement plans is November 30, consistent with the
fiscal year end of the sponsoring companies. For all other plans, measurement
occurs as of December 31. 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years Ended 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Benefit obligation, beginning of
  year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,146 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   (423) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (332) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (285) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Plan amendment 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation, end of
  year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,146 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fair value of plan assets, beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Actual return on plan assets, net of
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIG contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (332) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (285) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   803 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Funded status, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,105) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (965) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (443) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (373) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recognized in the balance  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (965) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (419) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,105) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (965) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (443) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (373) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (196) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax amounts recognized in
  Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (251) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service (cost) credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,405) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
non-qualified unfunded plans of which the aggregate projected benefit
obligation was $278 million and $299 million for the U.S. at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and $199 million for the non-U.S for both 2016 and
2015. 

 The following table presents the accumulated benefit obligations
for U.S. and non-U.S. pension benefit plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            279 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Defined benefit plan obligations in which the
projected benefit obligation was in excess of the related plan assets and the
accumulated benefit obligation was in excess of the related plan assets were as
follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   PBO Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
   ABO Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,121 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,029 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   912 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   896 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
     
   
  
   889 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   545 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the components of net periodic benefit cost
with respect to pensions and other postretirement benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Components of net periodic benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   cost: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (292) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (295) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (288) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of net (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailment (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (179) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlement loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (793) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (101) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in net periodic
  benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    cost and other comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (915) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (94) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 


 The
estimated net loss and prior service credit that will be amortized from
Accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the
next fiscal year are $41 million and $0.3 million, respectively, for
our combined defined benefit pension plans. For the defined benefit
postretirement plans, the estimated amortization from Accumulated other
comprehensive income for net loss and prior service credit that will be
amortized into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is a $0.8 million
credit in the aggregate. 

 As of 2016,
interest cost for pension and postretirement benefits for our U.S. plans and
largest non-U.S. plans is measured by applying the specific spot rates along
the yield curve to the plans’ corresponding discounted cash flows that comprise
the obligation (the Spot Rate Approach). This method provides a more precise
measurement of interest cost by aligning the timing of the plans’ discounted
cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve .     Previously, interest cost was measured utilizing a single
weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the
benefit obligations. 

 A 100 basis
point increase in the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would
decrease the 2017 pension expense by approximately $20 million and $45 million,
respectively, with all other items remaining the same. Conversely, a 100 basis
point decrease in the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would
increase the 2017 pension expense by approximately $24 million and $45 million,
respectively, with all other items remaining the same.    


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  280   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Assumptions 

 The following table summarizes the weighted average assumptions
used to determine the benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   4.14 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.02 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.95 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.38 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   4.32 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.09 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.64 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.43 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)  The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of each of the subsidiaries providing such
benefits. 

 (b)  Compensation
increases are no longer applicable due to the plan freeze that became effective
January 1, 2016. 

 The following table summarizes assumed health care cost trend
rates for the U.S. plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Following year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   6.31% 
   
  
   6.79% 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   5.00% 
   
  
   6.64% 
   
  
 
   
   Ultimate rate to which cost increase is assumed to
  decline 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
 
   
   Year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   2038 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
 


 A one percent point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate
would have the following effect on our postretirement benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   One Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
   One Percent 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   Increase  
   
  
     
   
  
   Decrease  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 


 Our
postretirement plans provide benefits primarily in the form of defined employer
contributions rather than defined employer benefits. Changes in the assumed
healthcare cost trend rate have a minimal impact for U.S. plans because for
post-1992 retirees, benefits are fixed dollar amounts based on service at
retirement. Our non-U.S. postretirement plans are not subject to caps. 

 The following table presents the weighted average assumptions used
to determine the net periodic benefit costs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.09 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.64 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.43 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.28 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   3.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.04 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.40 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.29 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.83 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.59 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.34 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.93 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            281 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Discount Rate Methodology 

 The
projected benefit cash flows under the U.S. AIG Retirement Plan were discounted
using the spot rates derived from the Mercer US Pension Discount Yield Curve at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, which resulted in a single discount rate that would
produce the same liability at the respective measurement dates. The discount
rates were 4.15 percent at December 31, 2016 and 4.32 percent at December 31,
2015. The methodology was consistently applied for the respective years in
determining the discount rates for the other U.S. pension plans. 

 In general, the
discount rates for non-U.S. pension plans were developed based on the duration
of liabilities on a plan by plan basis and were selected by reference to high
quality corporate bonds in developed markets or local government bonds where
developed markets are not as robust or are nonexistent. 

 The projected
benefit obligation for AIG’s Japan pension plans represents approximately 54
percent and 50 percent of the total projected benefit obligations for our
non-U.S. pension plans at  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. The weighted average discount rate of 0.47
percent and 0.99 percent at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was
selected by reference to the Mercer Yield Curve (Japan) based on the duration
of the plans’ liabilities. 

 Plan Assets 

 The
investment strategy with respect to assets relating to our U.S. and non-U.S.
pension plans is designed to achieve investment returns that will provide
for the benefit obligations of the plans over the long term, limit the
risk of short-term funding shortfalls and maintain liquidity sufficient to
address cash needs. Accordingly, the asset allocation strategy is designed to
maximize the investment rate of return while managing various risk factors,
including, but not limited to, volatility relative to the benefit obligations,
liquidity, diversification and concentration, and incorporates the risk/return
profile applicable to each asset class.   

 There were no
shares of AIG Common Stock included in the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans
assets at December 31, 2016 or 2015. 

 U.S. Pension Plan 

 The
assets of the qualified plan are monitored by the AIG U.S. Investment Committee
and actively managed by the investment managers, which involves allocating the
plan’s assets among approved asset classes within ranges as permitted by the
strategic allocation. The long-term strategic asset allocation historically has
been reviewed and revised approximately every three years. Beginning in 2016,
the investment strategy focus is on de-risking the Plan via regular
monitoring.  This was implemented through liability driven investing and
the adoption of the glide path approach, where the glide path defines the
target allocation for the “Return-Seeking” portion of the portfolio (i.e.,
growth assets) based on the funded ratio. Under this approach, the allocation
to growth assets is reduced and the allocation to liability-hedging assets is
increased as the Plan’s funded ratio increases in accordance with the defined
glide path. 

 The following table presents the asset allocation percentage by
major asset class for the U.S. qualified plan and the target allocation for 2017
based on the plan’s funded status at December 31,  2016 : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   40 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   41 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 The expected
long-term rate of return for the plan was 7.0 percent and 7.25 percent for 2016
and 2015, respectively. The expected rate of return is an aggregation of
expected returns within each asset class category, weighted for the investment
mix of the assets. The combination of the expected asset return and any
contributions made by us are expected to maintain the plan’s ability to meet
all required benefit obligations. The expected asset return for each asset
class was developed based on an approach that considers key fundamental drivers
of the asset class returns in addition to historical returns, current market
conditions, asset volatility and the expectations for future market returns.  

 Non-U.S. Pension Plans 

 The
assets of the non-U.S. pension plans are held in various trusts in multiple
countries and are invested primarily in equities and fixed maturity securities
to maximize the long-term return on assets for a given level of risk. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  282   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 The following table presents the asset
allocation percentage by major asset class for non-U.S. pension plans and the
target allocation: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 The assets
of AIG’s Japan pension plans represent approximately 56 percent and 54 percent
of total non-U.S. assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 respectively. The
expected long term rate of return was 2.61 percent and 1.71 percent, for 2016
and 2015, respectively, and is evaluated by the Japanese Pension Investment
Committee on a quarterly and annual basis along with various investment
managers, and is revised to achieve the optimal allocation to meet targeted
funding levels if necessary. In addition, the funding policy is revised in
accordance with local regulation every five years. 

 The expected
weighted average long-term rate of return for all our non-U.S. pension plans
was 3.28 percent and 3.33 percent for the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively. It is an aggregation of expected returns within each
asset class that was generally developed based on the building block approach
that considers historical returns, current market conditions, asset volatility
and the expectations for future market returns.  

 Assets Measured at Fair Value    

 The following table presents information about our plan assets and
indicates the level of the fair value measurement based on the observability of
the inputs used.  The inputs and methodology used in determining the fair value
of these assets are consistent with those used to measure our assets as
discussed in Note 5 herein. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   228 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   838 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. and international high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Mortgage and other asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other investment types (g) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Futures 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Direct private equity (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,443 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,414 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   347 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   803 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            283 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 
  
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   239 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   239 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   924 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   924 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  International investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  U.S. and international high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Mortgage and other asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other investment types (g) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Futures 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Real Estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Direct private equity (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,427 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   335 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   773 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
passive and active U.S. Large Cap and Small Cap strategies, as well as mutual
funds, and exchange traded funds. 

 (b)  Includes
investments in companies in emerging and developed markets. 

 (c)  Represents
investments in U.S. and non-U.S. government issued bonds, U.S. government
agency or sponsored agency bonds, and investment grade corporate bonds. 

 (d)  Consists
primarily of investments in securities or debt obligations that have a rating
below investment grade. 

 (e)  Comprised
primarily of investments in U.S. government agency or U.S. government sponsored
agency bonds. 

 (f)  Comprised
of private capital financing including private debt and private equity
securities. 

 (g)  Excludes
investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its
equivalent), which totaled $960 million and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

 The
inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily an
indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. Based on
our investment strategy, we had no significant concentrations of risks at
December 31, 2016. 

 The U.S. pension
plan holds a group annuity contract with U.S. Life, one of our subsidiaries,
which totaled $21 million and $23 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

 Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

 The following table presents changes in our U.S. and non-U.S.
Level 3 plan assets measured at fair value: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Direct private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  284   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Direct private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets  

 Our
policy is to record transfers of assets between Level 1 and Level 2
at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period, consistent with
the date of the determination of fair value. Assets are transferred out of
Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with sufficient frequency and
volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are transferred from
Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and frequency are indicative
of an active market. We had no material transfers between Level 1 and
Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 We
record transfers of assets into or out of Level 3 at their fair values as of
the end of each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination
of fair value.  During the year ended December 31, 2016, we had no material
transfers in or out of Level 3. 

 Expected Cash Flows 

 Funding for the qualified
plan ranges from the minimum amount required by ERISA to the maximum amount
that would be deductible for U.S. tax purposes. Contributed amounts in excess
of the minimum amounts are deemed voluntary. Amounts in excess of the maximum
amount would be subject to an excise tax and may not be deductible under the
Internal Revenue Code. There are no minimum required cash contributions in 2017
for the AIG Retirement Plan. The non-qualified and postretirement plans’ benefit
payments are deductible when paid to participants. 

 Our annual
pension contribution in 2017 is expected to be approximately $70 million
for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. This estimate is subject to change,
since contribution decisions are affected by various factors including our
liquidity, market performance and management’s discretion. 

 The expected future benefit payments, net of participants’
contributions, with respect to the defined benefit pension plans and other
postretirement benefit plans, are as follows: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2022-2026 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   275 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            285 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    21. Employee Benefits 

   


 
 Defined Contribution Plans 

 We
sponsor several defined contribution plans for U.S. employees that provide for
pre-tax salary reduction contributions by employees. The most significant plan
is the AIG Incentive Savings Plan, for which the matching contribution is 100
percent of the first six percent of a participant’s contributions, subject to
the IRS-imposed limitations. Effective January 1, 2016, participants in the AIG
Incentive Savings Plan receive an additional fully vested, non-elective,
non-discretionary contribution equal to three percent of the participant’s
annual base compensation for the plan year, paid each pay period regardless of
whether the participant currently contributes to the plan, and subject to the
IRS-imposed limitations.   Our pre-tax expenses associated with
these plans were $236 million, $166 million and $156 million in 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively. 



 
  



 

 22. Ownership 

 


 A Schedule 13G/A filed on January 19, 2017 reports
aggregate ownership of 64,426,821 shares, or approximately 6.5 percent (based
on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG Common Stock as of December 31,
2016, by Blackrock, Inc. and various subsidiaries thereof.   

 A Schedule 13G
filed on February 13, 2017 reports aggregate ownership of 77,926,159 shares, or
approximately 7.8 percent (based on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG
Common Stock as of December 31, 2016, by Capital Research Global Investors, a
division of Capital Research and Management Company. 

 A Schedule 13G/A
filed on February 9, 2017 reports aggregate ownership of 62,619,185 shares, or
approximately 6.3 percent (based on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG
Common Stock as of December 31, 2016, by The Vanguard Group, Inc. and various
subsidiaries thereof.   

 The calculation
of ownership interest for purposes of the AIG Tax Asset Protection Plan and
Article 13 of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation is different than
beneficial ownership for Schedule 13G. 



 
  



 

 23. INCOME TAXES 

 


 The following table presents income (loss)
from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) by U.S. and
foreign location in which such pre-tax income (loss) was earned or incurred : 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,041 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,950 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,250 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,251 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 


 The following table presents the income tax expense (benefit)
attributable to pre-tax income (loss) from continuing operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign and U.S. components of
  actual income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   436 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   473 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (121) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
      U.S.: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,185 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  286   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    23. Income Taxes   

   

   


 
 Our actual income tax (benefit) expense differs
from the statutory U.S. federal amount computed by applying the federal income
tax rate due to the following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. federal income tax at
  statutory rate 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tax exempt interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   111.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Uncertain tax positions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   (168.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reclassifications from accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions of Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tax Attribute Restoration 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
     
   
  
   103.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-controlling Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-deductible transfer pricing  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends received deduction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of foreign operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22.0) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated total amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   (119.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   317.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250.0) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 For the year
ended December 31, 2016, the effective tax rate on loss from continuing
operations was not meaningful. The effective tax rate on loss from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax charges of $234 million associated with effect of foreign operations, $216
million of tax charges and related interest associated with increases in
uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing transactions, $118
million related to disposition of subsidiaries, $102 million related to
non-deductible transfer pricing charges, and $83 million related to increases
in the deferred tax asset valuation allowances associated with U.S. federal and
certain foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by tax benefits of $253 million
of tax exempt income, $164 million associated with a portion of the U.S. Life
Insurance Companies capital loss carryforwards previously treated as expired
that was restored and utilized, $116 million related to the impact of an
agreement reached with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to certain
tax issues under audit, and $132 million of reclassifications from accumulated
other comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the
disposal of available for sale securities. Effect of foreign operations is
primarily related to foreign exchange losses incurred by our foreign
subsidiaries related to the weakening of the British pound following the Brexit
vote taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35 percent. 

 For the
year ended December 31, 2016, our repatriation assumptions with respect to
certain European operations remain unchanged and related foreign earnings
continue to be indefinitely reinvested. Our repatriation assumptions   related to certain operations in Canada, South
Africa and Asia Pacific region have changed and related foreign earnings are
now considered to be indefinitely reinvested. These earnings relate to ongoing
operations and have been reinvested in active non-U.S. business operations.
Further, we do not intend to   repatriate
these earnings to fund U.S. operations.  As a result, U.S. deferred taxes
have not been provided on $2 billion of accumulated earnings, including
accumulated other comprehensive income, of these non-U.S. affiliates. Potential
U.S. income tax liabilities related to such earnings would be offset, in whole
or in part, by allowable foreign tax credits resulting from foreign taxes paid
to foreign jurisdictions in which such operations are located.  As a
result, we currently believe that any incremental U.S. income tax liabilities
relating to indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings would not be significant.
Deferred taxes have been provided on earnings of non-U.S. affiliates whose earnings
are not indefinitely reinvested.  

 For
the year ended December 31, 2015, the effective tax rate on income from
continuing operations was 32.3 percent. The effective tax rate on income from
continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily
due to tax benefits of $195 million associated with tax exempt interest income,
$127 million related to reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive  
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            287 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    23. Income Taxes   

   

   


 
 income to income from continuing operations related to
the disposal of available for sale securities, $58 million associated with
the effect of foreign operations, and $109 million related to the partial
completion of the IRS  examination covering tax year 2006, partially offset by
$324 million of tax charges and related interest associated with increases in
uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing transactions, and
$110 million related to increases in the deferred tax asset valuation
allowances associated with certain foreign jurisdictions.   

 For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 27.9 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $236 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $209
million related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ capital
loss carryforward valuation allowance, $182 million of income excludible from
gross income related to the global resolution of certain residential
mortgage-related disputes and $68 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations. 

 The following table presents the components of the net deferred tax assets
(liabilities): 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Losses and tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,448 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,680 
   
  
 
   
      Basis differences on investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,886 
   
  
 
   
      Life policy reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
 
   
      Accruals not currently deductible, and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,003 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in foreign subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Loss reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,021 
   
  
 
   
      Loan loss and other reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
      Unearned premium reserve reduction 
   
  
     
   
  
   924 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
 
   
      Flight equipment, fixed assets and intangible assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   710 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
 
   
      Employee benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,546 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in foreign subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,790) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,467) 
   
  
 
   
      Unrealized gains related to available for sale debt
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,844) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,077) 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,634) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,577) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,969 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,831) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,012) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,957 
   
  
 


 The following table presents our U.S. consolidated income tax group tax
losses and credits carryforwards as of December 31, 2016. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effected 
   
  
     
   
  
   Periods 
   
  
 
   
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,618 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   2028 - 2035 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,917 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 - 2023 
   
  
 
   
   Other carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses
  and credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a tax return basis 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,770 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrecognized tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,903) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses
  and credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a U.S. GAAP basis * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,867 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    Includes
other carryforwards, e.g. general business credits, of $96 million on a U.S.
GAAP basis. 

 We
have U.S. federal consolidated net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
of approximately $14.9 billion. The carryforward periods for our foreign tax credits
begin to expire in 2019. As detailed in the Assessment of Deferred Tax Asset
Valuation Allowance section of this footnote, we determined that it is more
likely than not that our U.S. federal consolidated tax attribute carryforwards
will be realized prior to their expiration. 

 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  288   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    23. Income Taxes   

   

   


 
 Assessment
of Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

 The evaluation of the recoverability of our
deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh
all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely
than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be
realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to
which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists,
the more positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support
a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed. 

 Our framework for assessing the recoverability
of the deferred tax asset requires us to consider all available evidence,
including: 

 •       the
nature, frequency, and amount of cumulative financial reporting income and
losses in recent years; 

 •       the
sustainability of recent operating profitability of our subsidiaries; 

 •       the
predictability of future operating profitability of the character necessary to
realize the net deferred tax asset; 

 •       the
carryforward period for the net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax
credit carryforwards, including the effect of reversing taxable temporary
differences; and 

 •       prudent
and feasible actions and tax planning strategies that would be implemented, if
necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset. 

 In performing our assessment of the
recoverability of the deferred tax asset under this framework, we consider tax
laws governing the utilization of the net operating loss, capital loss and
foreign tax credit carryforwards in each applicable jurisdiction.  Under
U.S. tax law, a company generally must use its net operating loss carryforwards
before it can use its foreign tax credit carryforwards, even though the
carryforward period for the foreign tax credit is shorter than for the net
operating loss.  Our U.S. federal consolidated income tax group includes
both life companies and non-life companies.  While the U.S. taxable income of
our non-life companies can be offset by the net operating loss carryforwards,
only a portion (no more than 35 percent) of the U.S. taxable income of our life
companies can be offset by those net operating loss carryforwards.  The
remaining tax liability of our life companies can be offset by the foreign tax
credit carryforwards.  Accordingly, we utilize both the net operating loss
and foreign tax credit carryforwards concurrently which enables us to realize
our tax attributes prior to expiration. As of December 31, 2016, based on all
available evidence, it is more likely than not that the U.S. net operating loss
and foreign tax credit carryforwards will be utilized prior to expiration and,
thus, no valuation allowance has been established. 

 Estimates of future taxable income, including income
generated from prudent and feasible actions and tax planning strategies could
change in the near term, perhaps materially, which may require us to consider
any potential impact to our assessment of the recoverability of the deferred
tax asset. Such potential impact could be material to our consolidated
financial condition or results of operations for an individual reporting
period. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2016, recent changes in market conditions,
including interest rate fluctuations, impacted the unrealized tax gains and
losses in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ available for sale securities portfolio,
resulting in a decrease to the net deferred tax asset related to net unrealized
tax capital losses. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2016, we released
$682 million of valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax losses
in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies, all of which was allocated to other
comprehensive income.  

 For both the three-month period and the year ended December
31, 2016, recent changes in market conditions and sales of securities that
resulted in the reclassification of gains into continuing operations, impacted
the unrealized tax gains and losses in the non-life companies’ available for
sale securities portfolio, resulting in an increase to the net deferred tax asset
related to net unrealized tax capital losses. As a result, we established $260 million
of valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax losses in the non-life
companies’ available for sale securities portfolio, all of which was recognized
in other comprehensive income.  

 As of December 31, 2016, based on all available evidence, we
concluded that a valuation allowance of $728 million should remain on a portion
of the deferred tax asset related to unrealized losses that are not
more-likely-than-not to be realized. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2016, we recognized a net
increase of $69 million in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance associated
with certain foreign jurisdictions, primarily attributable to current year
losses, changes in projections of taxable income and changes in tax law. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2016, we recognized
a net increase of $170 million in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance
associated with certain state jurisdictions, primarily attributable to current
year losses, legislative state tax law changes and changes to state effective
tax rates. 


 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            289 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    23. Income Taxes   

   

   


 
 The
following table presents the net deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December
31, 2016 and 2015 on a U.S. GAAP basis: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Net U.S. consolidated return group
  deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,134 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,384) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,806) 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (874) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,281) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,047 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,731) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   456 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal - Net U.S., foreign, state and
  local deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,394 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (620) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (437) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG net deferred tax assets
  (liabilities) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,957 
   
  
 


 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance of U.S. Consolidated FEDERAL Income
Tax Group 

 At December 31,
2016 and 2015, our U.S. consolidated income tax group had net deferred tax
assets after valuation allowance of $20.9 billion and $20.0 billion,
respectively. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, our U.S. consolidated income tax
group had valuation allowances of $874 million and $1.3 billion, respectively.  

 Deferred Tax Liability — Foreign, State and Local 

 At December 31,
2016 and 2015, we had net deferred tax liabilities of $164 million and $90
million, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries, state and local tax
jurisdictions, and certain domestic subsidiaries that file separate tax returns. 

 At December 31,
2016 and 2015, we had deferred tax asset valuation allowances of $2 billion and
$1.7 billion, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries, state and local
tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic subsidiaries that file separate tax
returns. We maintained these valuation allowances following our conclusion that
we could not demonstrate that it was more likely than not that the related
deferred tax assets will be realized.  This was primarily due to factors such
as cumulative losses in recent years and the inability to demonstrate profits
within the specific jurisdictions over the relevant carryforward periods.  

 Tax Examinations and Litigation 

 We file a
consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with our eligible U.S.
subsidiaries. Income earned by subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. is
taxed, and income tax expense is recorded, based on applicable U.S. and foreign
law. 

 The statute of
limitations for all tax years prior to 2000 has expired for our consolidated
federal income tax return. We are currently under examination for the tax years
2000 through 2010. 

 On
March 20, 2008, we received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency (Notice) from
the IRS for years 1997 to 1999. The Notice asserted that we owe additional
taxes and penalties for these years primarily due to the disallowance of
foreign tax credits associated with cross-border financing transactions. The
transactions that are the subject of the Notice extend beyond the period covered
by the Notice, and the IRS has administratively challenged the later periods.
The IRS has also administratively challenged other cross-border transactions in
later years. We have paid the assessed tax plus interest and penalties for 1997
to 1999. On February 26, 2009, we filed a complaint in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (Southern District)
seeking a refund of approximately $306 million in taxes, interest and penalties
paid with respect to the 1997 taxable year. We allege that the IRS improperly
disallowed foreign tax credits and that our taxable income should be reduced as
a result of the 2005 restatement of our consolidated financial statements.  

 We also filed an
administrative refund claim on September 9, 2010 for our 1998 and 1999 tax
years.  

 On August 1,
2012, we filed a motion for partial summary judgment related to the
disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross border financing
transactions in the Southern District of New York. The Southern District of New
York denied our summary judgment motion and upon AIG’s appeal, the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit (the Second Circuit) affirmed the denial.
AIG’s petition for certiorari to the U.S. Supreme Court from the decision of
the Second Circuit was denied on March 7, 2016.  As a result, the case has been
remanded back to the Southern District of New York for a jury trial. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  290   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |    23. Income Taxes   

   

   


 
 We will vigorously defend our position and continue to
believe that we have adequate reserves for any liability that could result from
these government actions. We continue to monitor legal and other developments
in this area, including recent decisions affecting other taxpayers, and
evaluate their effect, if any, on our position. 

 Accounting For Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and
ending balances of the total amounts of gross unrecognized tax benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
 
   
      Decreases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (209) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
      Lapse in statute of limitations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Activity of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,530 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 


 At December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, our unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and
penalties, were $4.5 billion, $4.3 billion and $4.4 billion,
respectively.  The activity includes increases for amounts associated with
cross border financing transactions partially offset by certain benefits
realized due to an agreement reached with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
related to certain tax issues under audit. At December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
our unrecognized tax benefits related to tax positions that, if recognized,
would not affect the effective tax rate because they relate to such factors as
the timing, rather than the permissibility, of the deduction were
$0.1 billion, $0.1 billion and $0.3 billion, respectively. 
Accordingly, at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the amounts of unrecognized
tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate
were $4.4 billion, $4.2 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. 

 Interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in income tax
expense. At December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, we had accrued liabilities of $1.2
billion, $1.2 billion, and $1.1 billion, respectively, for the payment of
interest (net of the federal benefit) and penalties. For the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, we accrued expense of $26 million, $156 million
and $21 million, respectively, for the payment of interest (net of the
federal benefit) and penalties. The reduction in interest accrued during 2016
as compared to 2015 is primarily related to benefits associated with an
agreement reached with the IRS related to certain tax issues under audit,
partially offset by an increase associated with cross border financing
transactions.  

 We regularly
evaluate adjustments proposed by taxing authorities. At December 31,  2016 , such proposed
adjustments would not have resulted in a material change to our consolidated
financial condition, although it is possible that the effect could be material
to our consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period.
Although it is reasonably possible that a change in the balance of unrecognized
tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months, based on the information
currently available, we do not expect any change to be material to our
consolidated financial condition. 

 Listed below are the tax years that remain subject to examination
by major tax jurisdictions: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
   Open Tax Years  
   
  
 
   
   Major Tax Jurisdiction 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      United
  States 
   
  
   2000-2015 
   
  
 
   
     
  Australia 
   
  
   2012-2015 
   
  
 
   
      France 
   
  
   2014-2015 
   
  
 
   
      Japan 
   
  
            2010-2015 
   
  
 
   
      Korea 
   
  
            2011-2015 
   
  
 
   
     
  Singapore 
   
  
   2012-2015 
   
  
 
   
      United
  Kingdom 
   
  
   2013-2015 
   
  
 









 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            291 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    24. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 

   


 
 24. Quarterly
Financial Information (Unaudited) 

 


 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Three Months Ended  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   March 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   June 30,  
   
  
     
   
  
   September 30,  
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31,  
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,779 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,975 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,699 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,854 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,822 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,010 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,831 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations before income taxes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,552 
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,455) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,932) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations, net of income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (203) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,506) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,849) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      continuing operations attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,468 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,800 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   462 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (231) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,041) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,841) 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      attributable to AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.81 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.43 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2.93) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.50) 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.78 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2.93) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.50) 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
   1,156,548,459 
   
  
   1,365,951,690 
   
  
   1,113,587,927 
   
  
   1,329,157,366 
   
  
   1,071,295,892 
   
  
   1,279,072,748 
   
  
   1,023,886,592 
   
  
   1,226,880,632 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
   1,156,548,459 
   
  
   1,386,263,549 
   
  
   1,140,045,973 
   
  
   1,365,390,431 
   
  
   1,102,400,770 
   
  
   1,279,072,748 
   
  
   1,023,886,592 
   
  
   1,226,880,632 
   
  
 
   
   Noteworthy quarterly items -  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      income (expense): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (204) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (273) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (145) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on sale of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) on extinguishment of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (342) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (346) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Reserve strengthening charges 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,587 
   
  
 
   
      Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
 


 *    For the
three months ended December 31, 2016, we recorded out of period adjustments
related to prior periods that increased Net loss attributable to AIG by $154
million, increased AIG’s Loss from continuing operations before income taxes by
$12 million and decreased pre-tax operating income by $1 million. The out of
period adjustments are primarily related to income tax liabilities and ceded
loss adjustment expenses. Had these adjustments, which were determined not to
be material, been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net income
attributable to AIG for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016, June
30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 would have decreased by $65 million, increased by
$66 million and increased by $19 million, respectively.  Net income
attributable to AIG for the three-month periods ended December 31, 2015,
September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015 would have decreased by
$88 million, increased by $22 million, increased by $5 million, and decreased
by $5 million, respectively. 

      For
the three months ended December 31, 2015, we recorded out of period adjustments
related to prior periods that decreased Net income attributable to AIG by $193
million, decreased AIG’s Income from continuing operations before income taxes
by $308 million and decreased pre-tax operating income by $122 million. The out
of period adjustments primarily related to impairments of Other invested assets
and changes in loss reserves and income tax liabilities. Had these adjustments,
which were determined not to be material, been recorded in their appropriate
periods, Net income attributable to AIG for the three-month periods ended
September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015 would have decreased by
$36 million, increased by $15 million and decreased by $16 million,
respectively.  



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  292   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with Outstanding
Debt   

   


 
 25. Information
Provided in Connection with Outstanding Debt 

 


 The following condensed consolidating financial statements
reflect the results of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH), a holding company and a
wholly owned subsidiary of AIG. AIG provides a full and unconditional guarantee
of all outstanding debt of AIGLH. 

 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,218 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,340) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,302 
   
  
 
   
         Other investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   308,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   315,873 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   321,937 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,340) 
   
  
     
   
  
   328,175 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated
  subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,582 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,891) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   140,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,059) 
   
  
     
   
  
   161,022 
   
  
 
   
      Assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,199 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,582 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   472,287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (114,558) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   275,120 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   275,120 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,912 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including
  intercompany balances (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   103,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,572) 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,268 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,106 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
     
   
  
   428,757 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44,840) 
   
  
     
   
  
   421,406 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,718) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,746 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,718) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,858 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,582 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   472,287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (114,558) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   498,264 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,547) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
 
   
         Other investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   320,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   328,222 
   
  
 
   
      Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,547) 
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   578 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36,505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Investment in consolidated
  subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81,390) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets, including deferred
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   156,859 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,878 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   468,181 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (123,830) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271,645 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,777 
   
  
     
   
  
   704 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,249 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities, including
  intercompany balances (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   99,777 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,738 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   574 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36,505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   908 
   
  
     
   
  
   416,118 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   406,632 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81,216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81,216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,878 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   468,181 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (123,830) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,842 
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
intercompany derivative positions, which are reported at fair value before credit
valuation adjustment. 

 (b)  Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            293 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with Outstanding
Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income
(Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,269) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   (753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,367 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,107 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,441 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,301) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations, net
  of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (90) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (728) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations
  attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,954 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,890) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   (714) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,009 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   (708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,989 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  294   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with Outstanding
Debt   

   


 
 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,450 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (409) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,378) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,905 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   (342) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,036) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations, net
  of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net loss from continuing operations
  attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,665 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 


 *    Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            295 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with Outstanding
Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (728) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (349) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,153 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56,233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54,767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,925 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54,767) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,757 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57,083) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62,979) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,864) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,752 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (62,979) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,013) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,781 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,900 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,013) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  296   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with Outstanding
Debt   

   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash
Flows 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Other 
   
  
      
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG
   
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,515 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,951) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,685) 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,644 
   
  
 
   
      Sales of divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,809 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,002) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80,668) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69,985) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions from (to) subsidiaries -
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,637) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,300) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,089) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,020) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,123 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,954 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,996) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,082) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,723) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,127 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (851) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,833) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,443 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,314 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,992) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,877) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,616 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,881) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68,261) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65,265) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   (284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions from (to) subsidiaries -
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (565) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,334) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,814) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,228 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,289) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,053) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,443) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,104 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,051) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59,099) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58,110) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (615) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   296 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (946) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,760 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (882) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   (763) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (477) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,215) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid to shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,358) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,085) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,821) 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,701) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash (used in) provided by
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   (607) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            297 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with Outstanding
Debt   

   


 
 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  298   

 



 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    25. Information Provided in Connection with Outstanding
Debt   

   


 
 Supplementary Disclosure of Condensed
Consolidating Cash Flow Information 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2016 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (975) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,331) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (493) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2015 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,368) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (500) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (511) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (829) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2014 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,624) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,656) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,367) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (719) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (737) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) supplementary
disclosure of non-cash activities: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and
  investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   494 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends received in the form of
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,088 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,836 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities received in
  exchange for equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash financing/investing
  activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of shares of AerCap 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of UGC 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 *   Includes
$4.8 billion return of capital from AIG Capital Corporation related to the sale
of ILFC. 



 
  



 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            299 

 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 ITEM 8 |    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |    26. Subsequent Events   

   


 
 26. Subsequent
Events 

 


 Dividends Declared and Share Repurchase
Authorization 

 On February 14,
2017, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32
per share, payable on March 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on March 15,
2017.  

 On February 14,
2017, our Board of Directors    authorized an additional increase to its previous
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $3.5 billion, resulting in an
aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $4.7 billion. 

 reinsurance agreement 

 On January 20,
2017, we announced that we have entered into an adverse development reinsurance
agreement with NICO, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., under which we
ceded to NICO 80 percent of reserve risk above an attachment point on
substantially all of our U.S. Commercial long-tail exposures for accident years
2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to NICO 80 percent of net paid
losses on subject business on or after January 1, 2016 in excess of $25 billion
of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of $25 billion.  At NICO’s 80
percent share, NICO’s limit of liability under the contract is $20 billion. We
will account for this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. The consideration
for this agreement is $9.8 billion plus interest at 4 percent per annum
from January 1, 2016 to date of payment, which was paid in full as of
February 17, 2017. The consideration paid to NICO will be placed into a
collateral trust account as security for NICO’s claim payment obligations, and
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has provided a parental guarantee to secure NICO’s
obligations under the agreement. 



 
  



 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  300   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Part II  

 


 ITEM
9 |  Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

   

 ITEM 9A |  Controls and Procedures     

 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

 Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. In connection with the preparation of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by AIG
management, with the participation of AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as
of December 31, 2016. Based on this evaluation, AIG’s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016. 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Management of
AIG is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. AIG’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process, under the supervision of AIG’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of AIG’s financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

 Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 AIG management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on the criteria established
in the 2013 Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

 AIG management
has concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal control over
financial reporting was effective based on the criteria articulated in the 2013
 Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the COSO.  The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 There have been
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have occurred
during the quarter ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            301 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Part III 

 


 ITEM 10 |  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 All information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and
14 of this Form 10-K will be included in a Form 10-K/A that will be filed
with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of AIG’s fiscal year. 

 ITEM 11 |  Executive Compensation 

 See Item 10
herein. 

 ITEM 12 |  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and M anagement
and Related Stockholder Matters 

 See Item 10
herein. 

 ITEM 13 |  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

 See
Item 10 herein. 

 ITEM 14 |  Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 See Item 10 herein. 

 

 Part IV 

 


 ITEM 15 |  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules. See accompanying
Index to Financial Statements.  

 (b) Exhibits.
See accompanying Exhibit Index.  

   

 ITEM 16 |  Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 

    

 

 

 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  302   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Signatures 

 


 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 23rd of
February, 2017. 

                                                                                                                 AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 

                                                                                                                 By                         /s/
PETER D. HANCOCK                                         

                                                                                                                         (Peter
D. Hancock, President and Chief Executive Officer) 

 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Peter D. Hancock and Siddhartha
Sankaran, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to sign
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and
all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem
necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and
all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
indicated on the 23rd of February, 2017. 

   

 

 
  
   
   SIGNATURE 
   
  
     
   
  
   TITLE 
   
  
 
   
   /s/ PETER D. HANCOCK 
   
  
     
   
  
   President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Peter D. Hancock) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ SIDDHARTHA SANKARAN 
   
  
     
   
  
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Siddhartha Sankaran) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ ELIAS F. HABAYEB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Vice President – Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Group
  Controller 
   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 
   
   (Elias F. Habayeb) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ W. DON CORNWELL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (W. Don Cornwell) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ PETER R. FISHER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Peter R. Fisher) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ JOHN H. FITZPATRICK 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (John H. Fitzpatrick) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ WILLIAM G. JURGENSEN 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (William G. Jurgensen) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ CHRISTOPHER S. LYNCH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Christopher S. Lynch) 
   
  
     
   
  
 

 


   

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            303 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 
  
   
   /s/ SAMUEL J. MERKSAMER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Samuel J. Merksamer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ GEORGE L. MILES, JR. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (George L. Miles, Jr.) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ HENRY S. MILLER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Henry S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ ROBERT S. MILLER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Robert S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ LINDA A. MILLS 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Linda A. Mills) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ SUZANNE NORA JOHNSON 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Suzanne Nora Johnson) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ JOHN A. PAULSON 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (John A. Paulson) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ RONALD A. RITTENMEYER 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Ronald A. Rittenmeyer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ DOUGLAS M. STEENLAND 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Douglas M. Steenland) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/ THERESA M. STONE 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Theresa M. Stone) 
   
  
     
   
  
 

 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  304   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Exhibit
Index 

 


 

 
  
   
   Exhibit 
  Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Location 
   
  
 
   
   2 
   
  
   Plan of acquisition,
  reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) Master Transaction
  Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2010, among AIG, ALICO
  Holdings LLC, AIA Aurora LLC, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
  the United States Department of the Treasury and the AIG Credit Facility
  Trust 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3 
   
  
   Articles of incorporation
  and by‑laws 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Amended and Restated
  Certificate of Incorporation of AIG 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  May 12, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   AIG By-laws, amended
  November 16, 2015 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on November 16, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   4 
   
  
   Instruments defining the rights
  of security holders, including indentures 
   
  
   Certain instruments
  defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of AIG and its
  subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of
  Regulation S-K. AIG hereby undertakes to furnish to the Commission, upon
  request, copies of any such instruments. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) Credit Agreement,
  dated as of September 22, 2008, between AIG and Federal Reserve Bank of
  New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2) Warrant Agreement
  (including Form of Warrant), dated as of January 6, 2011, between AIG
  and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Warrant Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8‑K filed with the
  SEC on January 7, 2011 (File No. 1‑8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3) Tax Asset Protection
  Plan, dated as of March 9, 2011, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as
  Rights Agent, including as Exhibit A the forms of Rights Certificate and of
  Election to Exercise 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 9, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4) Amendment No. 1, dated
  as of January 8, 2014, to Tax Asset Protection Plan, between AIG and Wells
  Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on January 8, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5) Amendment No. 2,
  dated as of December 14, 2016, to Tax Asset Protection Plan, between AIG and
  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 14, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   9 
   
  
   Voting Trust Agreement 
   
  
   None. 
   
  
 
   
   10 
   
  
   Material contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) AIG Amended and
  Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan* 
   
  
   Filed as exhibit to AIG’s
  Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 4, 2003 (File No. 1-8787)
  and incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2) Form of Stock Option
  Grant Agreement under the AIG Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10(a) to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended September 30, 2004 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3) AIG Executive Deferred
  Compensation Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4(a) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4) AIG Supplemental
  Incentive Savings Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4(b) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5) AIG Director Stock
  Plan* 
   
  
   Filed as an exhibit to
  AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 5, 2004 (File
  No. 1-8787) and incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (6)
  Amended and Restated American General Supplemental Thrift Plan (December 31,
  1998)* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to American General Corporation’s Annual
  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (File
  No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (7) AIG Amended and
  Restated Executive Severance Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (8) Assurance Agreement,
  by AIG in favor of eligible employees, dated as of June 27, 2005,
  relating to certain obligations of Starr International Company, Inc.* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10(6) to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2005 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (9)
  Final Judgment and Consent with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
  including the related complaint, dated February 9, 2006 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K
  filed with the SEC on February 9, 2006 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (10)
  Agreement between the Attorney General of the State of New York and AIG and
  its Subsidiaries, dated January 18, 2006 
   
  
    Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K
  filed with the SEC on February 9, 2006 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (11)
  AIG Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (12) AIG Form of Stock
  Option Award Agreement* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.A to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-148148). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (13) AIG Amended and
  Restated Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Stock Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.69 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
  ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (14)
  Memorandum of Understanding, dated November 25, 2009, between AIG,
  Maurice R. Greenberg, Howard I. Smith, C.V. Starr and Star
  International Company, Inc. 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K
  filed with the SEC on November 25, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (15) Master Investment and
  Credit Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2008, among Maiden Lane
  III LLC, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, AIG and the Bank of New
  York Mellon 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 2, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (16) Asset Purchase
  Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2008, among the Sellers party
  thereto, AIF Securities Lending Corp., AIG, Maiden Lane II LLC and the
  Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 15, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (17) AIG Credit Facility
  Trust Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2009, among the Federal Reserve
  Bank of New York and Jill M. Considine, Chester B. Feldberg and Douglas L.
  Foshee, as Trustees 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on January 23, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (18) Third Amended and
  Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2015, among AIG, the
  subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase
  Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and each Several L/C Agent party thereto 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on November 5, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (19) Amendment Letter to
  the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, effective as of July 15,
  2016, among AIG, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party
  thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and each Several
  L/C Agent party thereto 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  July 15, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (20) American
  International Group, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement, dated April 12, 2010 (Filed No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (21) AIG Amended Form of 2010 Stock
  Incentive Plan DSU Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.14 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (22) Release and
  Restrictive Covenant Agreement between AIG and Peter Hancock* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (23) Non-Competition
  and Non-Solicitation Agreement between AIG and Peter Hancock, dated
  February 8, 2010* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.4 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (24) Letter Agreement,
  dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (25) Non-Solicitation
  and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin
  Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (26) Introductory Bonus
  Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (27) Letter Agreement,
  dated August 27, 2014, between AIG and Philip Fasano* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (28) Non-Solicitation
  and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated August 29, 2014, between AIG and Philip
  Fasano* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (29) Executive Officer
  Form of Release and Restrictive Covenant Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) AIG Non-Qualified
  Retirement Income Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) AIG Supplemental
  Executive Retirement Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) American General
  Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to American General Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form
  10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998 (File No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) Amendment Number One
  to the American General Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.73 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) Amendment Number Two
  to the American General Corporation’ Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.74 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) Master Transaction
  Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2011, by and among American Home Assurance
  Company, Chartis Casualty Company (f/k/a American International South
  Insurance Company), Chartis Property Casualty Company (f/k/a AIG Casualty
  Company), Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance
  Company, Illinois National Insurance Co., National Union Fire Insurance
  Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company, The Insurance
  Company of the State of Pennsylvania, Chartis Select Insurance Company (f/k/a
  AIG Excess Liability Insurance Company Ltd.), Chartis Specialty Insurance
  Company (f/k/a American International Specialty Lines Insurance Company),
  Landmark Insurance Company, Lexington Insurance Company, AIU Insurance
  Company, American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd. and American Home
  Assurance Company, National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
  New Hampshire Insurance Company and Chartis Overseas Limited acting as
  members of the Chartis Overseas Association as respects business written or
  assumed by or from affiliated companies of Chartis Inc. (collectively, the
  Reinsureds), Eaglestone Reinsurance Company and National Indemnity Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) Amended and Restated
  Unconditional Capital Maintenance Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2014,
  between American International Group, Inc. and AGC Life Insurance Company  
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.58 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) AIG 2013 Long-Term
  Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.35 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) Form of 2013
  Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) Form of 2015
  Performance Share Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) AIG Clawback Policy* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) AIG 2013 Short-Term
  Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) Form of 2013
  Short-Term Incentive Plan Award Letter* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 of AIG’s Current  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) AIG Annual Short-Term
  Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) AIG 2013 Omnibus
  Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Appendix B in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated
  April 4, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) Description of
  Non-Management Director Compensation* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to “Compensation of Directors” in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on
  Schedule 14A, dated March 29, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) AIG 2012 Executive
  Severance Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 of AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  June 30, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) Revolving Credit
  Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2013 by and among AIG, AerCap Ireland
  Capital Limited, AerCap Holdings N.V., AerCap Ireland Limited and certain
  subsidiaries of AerCap Holdings N.V., as guarantors 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  December 16, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) Nomination Agreement,
  dated February 11, 2016, by and among High River Limited Partnership, Icahn
  Partners Master Fund LP, Icahn Partners LP, Carl C. Icahn and American
  International Group, Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 11, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) Nomination Agreement,
  dated February 11, 2016, by and among Paulson & Co. Inc., John A. Paulson
  and American International Group, Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 11, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) Stock Purchase
  Agreement dated as of August 15, 2016 between American International Group,
  Inc. and Arch Capital Group Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on August 16, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) First Amendment to
  Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2016, American
  International Group, Inc. and Arch Capital Group Ltd. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) Form of AIG 2013
  Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director DSU Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) Aggregate Excess of
  Loss Reinsurance Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by and between AIG
  Assurance Company, AIG Property Casualty Company, AIG Specialty Insurance
  Company, AIU Insurance Company, American Home Assurance Company, Commerce and
  Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Illinois
  National Insurance Co., Lexington Insurance Company, National Union Fire
  Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company and The
  Insurance Company Of The State Of Pennsylvania and National Indemnity Company
  (portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for
  confidential treatment). 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) Trust Agreement,
  dated January 20, 2017, by and among National Union Fire Insurance Company of
  Pittsburgh, Pa., National Indemnity Company, and Wells Fargo Bank, National
  Association (portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a
  request for confidential treatment). 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) Parental Guarantee
  Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in favor of
  National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
   11 
   
  
   Statement re: Computation
  of Per Share Earnings 
   
  
   Included in Note 19
  to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   12 
   
  
   Computation of Ratios of
  Earnings to Fixed Charges 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries of Registrant 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of Independent
  Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   24 
   
  
   Powers of attorney 
   
  
   Included on signature page
  and filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   31 
   
  
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
  Certifications 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   32 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certifications** 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   99.02 
   
  
   Securities Registered
  pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive data files
  pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated
  Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
  (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three years ended
  December 31, 2016, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for
  the three years ended December 31, 2016, (iv) the Consolidated
  Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2016,
  (v) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the
  three years ended December 31, 2016 and (vi) the Notes to the
  Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 

 

 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            305 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 

 *    This exhibit is a management contract or
a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 **   This information is furnished and not
filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  310   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Summary of Investments — Other than Investments in Related
Parties 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   which
  shown in 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
   the Balance Sheet
   
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,809 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,932 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,932 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,772 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,585 
   
  
 
   
      Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,018 
   
  
 
   
      All other corporate debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   111,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   115,934 
   
  
     
   
  
   115,934 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   74,916 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,294 
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   246,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   255,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   255,535 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities and mutual funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
         Banks, trust and insurance
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   900 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,108 
   
  
 
   
         Industrial, miscellaneous and all
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
 
   
      Total common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,506 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   748 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
     
   
  
   752 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   283 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities and mutual
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,560 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable,
  net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,240 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,240 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,073 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,538 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments, at cost
  (approximates fair value) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,302 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   320,118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330,026 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   329,984 
   
  
 


 (a)  Original
cost of equity securities and fixed maturities is reduced by
other-than-temporary impairment charges, and, as to fixed maturity securities,
reduced by repayments and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of
discounts. 

 (b)  The
balance is reported in Other Assets. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            311 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 

 Balance
Sheets — Parent Company Only 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,042 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,425 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,467 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,927 
   
  
 
   
   Due from affiliates - net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,967 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax receivable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,129 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,234 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,564 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,582 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,151 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   534 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,878 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due to affiliate * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,083 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,059 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,916 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,432 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,047 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Loans from subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   574 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (includes intercompany
  derivative liabilities of $419 in 2016 and $144 in 2015) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,885 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,220 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,471) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,953 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,878 
   
  
 


 *    Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
Registrant. 


 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  312   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Income — Parent
  Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in undistributed net income
  (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,633) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,929) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,573) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividend income from consolidated
  subsidiaries (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,023 
   
  
 
   
      Interest income 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   988 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
 
   
      Net loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of divested
  businesses (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (690) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   985 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,588 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing
  operations before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,807 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,301) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,735) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,542 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG
  Parent Company 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 
   
   (a)   Eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  
 
   
   (b)   Primarily includes pre-tax gain of
  $697 million on the sale of United Guaranty Corporation (UGC) on December
  31,2016 
   
  
 
   
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Comprehensive
  Income — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant 
   
  
 



 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            313 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Cash Flows — Parent
  Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,443 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,316 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales and maturities of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,996 
   
  
 
   
      Sales of divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,002) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,881) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,051) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,792 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loan
  receivables - originations and purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Payments received on mortgages and
  other loan receivables 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,433 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
 
   
      Repayment of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,996) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,468) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,372) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,753) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Supplementary
  disclosure of cash flow information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the period
  for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (975) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,624) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   479 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,172 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and
  investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital* 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,836 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends received in the form of
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,088 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities received in
  exchange for equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash financing/investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of shares of AerCap 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of UGC 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant. 
   
  
 
   
   *   Includes $4.8 billion return of capital
  from AIG Capital Corporation related to the sale of ILFC. 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  314   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Information of
Registrant 

 American
International Group, Inc.’s (the Registrant) investments in consolidated
subsidiaries are stated at cost plus equity in undistributed income of
consolidated subsidiaries. The accompanying condensed financial statements of
the Registrant should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto of American International Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries included in the Registrant’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2016 (Annual Report on Form 10-K)
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2017. 

 The Registrant
includes in its Statement of Income dividends from its subsidiaries and equity
in undistributed income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries, which represents
the net income (loss) of each of its wholly - owned subsidiaries. 

 Certain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period
presentation. 

 The five-year
debt maturity schedule is incorporated by reference from Note 15 to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The Registrant
files a consolidated federal income tax return with certain subsidiaries
and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax group when making payments to the
Internal Revenue Service. The Registrant and its subsidiaries have adopted,
pursuant to a written agreement, a method of allocating consolidated Federal
income taxes. Amounts allocated to the subsidiaries under the written agreement
are included in Due from affiliates in the accompanying Condensed Balance
Sheets. 

 Income taxes in
the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets are composed of the Registrant’s
current and deferred tax assets, the consolidated group’s current income tax
receivable and deferred taxes related to tax attribute carryforwards of AIG’s
U.S. consolidated income tax group. See Note 23 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

 The consolidated
U.S. deferred tax asset for net operating loss, capital loss and tax credit
carryforwards are recorded by the Parent Company, which files the consolidated
U.S. Federal income tax return, and are not allocated to its subsidiaries.
Generally, as, and if, the consolidated net operating losses and other tax
attribute carryforwards are utilized, the intercompany tax balance will be
settled with the subsidiaries. 

 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            315 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Supplementary Insurance Information 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2016 and 2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  Unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Contract 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   Claims 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,563 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,348 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
 
   
   Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,634 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   847 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,961 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   851 
   
  
 
   
   Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   357 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118,527 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   862 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
  2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Written (b) 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,268 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,828 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,049 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,226 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,928 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,465 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   (317) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   816 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,351 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,065 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,682 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,715 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,421 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,349 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,562 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,616 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,583 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,455 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,845 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,076 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,434 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,407 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,255 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,226 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,497 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,692 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,773 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,408 
   
  
 
   
   Other Operations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
 
   
   Legacy Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,869 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,049 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,489 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
 


 (a)  Includes
consolidation and elimination entries. 

 (b)  Balances
reflect the segment changes discussed in Note 3 – Segment Information to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 
 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  316   

 



 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Reinsurance 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and for the
  years then ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Ceded
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   from
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Amount  
   
  
     
   
  
   to
  Net  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,025,653 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   174,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,970 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,561 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   789 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,579 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,947 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,051,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   372 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   874,918 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,698 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,033,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180,178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   853,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,399 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,409 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,419 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 
 


 

 AIG | 2016 Form 10-K                            317 

 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   


 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule V 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additions 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassified
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charged
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
    to
  Assets of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge
  Offs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Held
  for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   End
  of year 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   297 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (264) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,831 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,676) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
recoveries of amounts previously charged off and reclassifications to/from
other accounts. 




 


 

 AIG
| 2016 Form 10-K                           
  318   

 



 
 
 
 
