
 10-Q
 1
 etr-03x31x2017x10q.htm
 10-Q
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents __________________________________________________________________________________________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One)   X QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2017   OR   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission File Number Registrant, State of Incorporation or Organization, Address of Principal Executive Offices, Telephone Number, and IRS Employer Identification No.   Commission File Number Registrant, State of Incorporation or Organization, Address of Principal Executive Offices, Telephone Number, and IRS Employer Identification No. 1-11299 ENTERGY CORPORATION (a Delaware corporation) 639 Loyola Avenue New Orleans, Louisiana 70113 Telephone (504) 576-4000 72-1229752   1-35747 ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. (a Louisiana corporation) 1600 Perdido Street New Orleans, Louisiana 70112 Telephone (504) 670-3700 72-0273040                     1-10764 ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. (an Arkansas corporation) 425 West Capitol Avenue Little Rock, Arkansas 72201 Telephone (501) 377-4000 71-0005900   1-34360 ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. (a Texas corporation) 10055 Grogans Mill Road The Woodlands, Texas 77380 Telephone (409) 981-2000 61-1435798                     1-32718 ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC (a Texas limited liability company) 4809 Jefferson Highway Jefferson, Louisiana 70121 Telephone (504) 576-4000 47-4469646   1-09067 SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. (an Arkansas corporation) 1340 Echelon Parkway Jackson, Mississippi 39213 Telephone (601) 368-5000 72-0752777                     1-31508 ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. (a Mississippi corporation) 308 East Pearl Street Jackson, Mississippi 39201 Telephone (601) 368-5000 64-0205830                 __________________________________________________________________________________________ Table of Contents Table of Contents Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically and posted on Entergy’s corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  þ  No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,   smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.  See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   Large accelerated filer   Accelerated filer   Non- accelerated filer   Smaller reporting company   Emerging growth company Entergy Corporation ü                 Entergy Arkansas, Inc.         ü         Entergy Louisiana, LLC         ü         Entergy Mississippi, Inc.         ü         Entergy New Orleans, Inc.         ü         Entergy Texas, Inc.         ü         System Energy Resources, Inc.         ü         If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrants are shell companies (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  þ Common Stock Outstanding   Outstanding at April 28, 2017 Entergy Corporation ($0.01 par value) 179,465,897 Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Inc., Entergy Louisiana, LLC, Entergy Mississippi, Inc., Entergy New Orleans, Inc., Entergy Texas, Inc., and System Energy Resources, Inc. separately file this combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Information contained herein relating to any individual company is filed by such company on its own behalf.  Each company reports herein only as to itself and makes no other representations whatsoever as to any other company.  This combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q supplements and updates the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the calendar year ended December 31, 2016, filed by the individual registrants with the SEC, and should be read in conjunction therewith. Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q March 31, 2017   Page Number     Forward-looking information iii Definitions v Part 1. Financial Information   Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 1 Consolidated Income Statements     15 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   17 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 18 Consolidated Balance Sheets 20 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 22 Selected Operating Results 23 Notes to Financial Statements 24 Note 1. Commitments and Contingencies 24 Note 2. Rate and Regulatory Matters 25 Note 3. Equity 29 Note 4. Revolving Credit Facilities, Lines of Credit, Short-term Borrowings, and Long-term Debt 32 Note 5. Stock-based Compensation 37 Note 6. Retirement and Other Postretirement Benefits 38 Note 7. Business Segment Information 41 Note 8. Risk Management and Fair Values 43 Note 9. Decommissioning Trust Funds 58 Note 10. Income Taxes 65 Note 11. Property, Plant, and Equipment 66 Note 12. Variable Interest Entities 66 Note 13. Dispositions 66 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 68 Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 68 Entergy Arkansas, Inc. and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 69 Consolidated Income Statements 75 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 77 Consolidated Balance Sheets 78 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Equity 80 Selected Operating Results 81 Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 82 Consolidated Income Statements 89 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 90 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 91 Consolidated Balance Sheets 92 i Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q March 31, 2017   Page Number     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 94 Selected Operating Results 95 Entergy Mississippi, Inc.   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 96 Income Statements 100 Statements of Cash Flows 101 Balance Sheets 102 Statements of Changes in Common Equity 104 Selected Operating Results 105 Entergy New Orleans, Inc. and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 106 Consolidated Income Statements 111 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 113 Consolidated Balance Sheets 114 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Equity 116 Selected Operating Results 117 Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 118 Consolidated Income Statements 123 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 125 Consolidated Balance Sheets 126 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Equity 128 Selected Operating Results 129 System Energy Resources, Inc.   Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis 130 Income Statements 134 Statements of Cash Flows 135 Balance Sheets 136 Statements of Changes in Common Equity 138 Part II.    Other Information   Item 1.    Legal Proceedings 139 Item 1A. Risk Factors 139 Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 139 Item 5.    Other Information 140 Item 6.    Exhibits 143 Signature 145 ii Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION In this combined report and from time to time, Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries each makes statements as a registrant concerning its expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and future events or performance.  Such statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Words such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “estimate,” “continue,” “potential,” “plan,” “predict,” “forecast,” and other similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the only means to identify these statements.  Although each of these registrants believes that these forward-looking statements and the underlying assumptions are reasonable, it cannot provide assurance that they will prove correct.  Any forward-looking statement is based on information current as of the date of this combined report and speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made.  Except to the extent required by the federal securities laws, these registrants undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.   Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  There are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, including those factors discussed or incorporated by reference in (a) Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Form 10-K, (b) Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K and in this report, and (c) the following factors (in addition to others described elsewhere in this combined report and in subsequent securities filings): • resolution of pending and future rate cases and negotiations, including various performance-based rate discussions, Entergy’s utility supply plan, and recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; • long-term risks and uncertainties associated with the termination of the System Agreement in 2016, including the potential absence of federal authority to resolve certain issues among the Utility operating companies and their retail regulators; • regulatory and operating challenges and uncertainties and economic risks associated with the Utility operating companies’ participation in MISO, including the effect of current or projected MISO market rules and market and system conditions in the MISO markets, the allocation of MISO system transmission upgrade costs, and the effect of planning decisions that MISO makes with respect to future transmission investments by the Utility operating companies; • changes in utility regulation, including the beginning or end of retail and wholesale competition, the ability to recover net utility assets and other potential stranded costs, and the application of more stringent transmission reliability requirements or market power criteria by the FERC or the U.S. Department of Justice; • changes in the regulation or regulatory oversight of Entergy’s nuclear generating facilities and nuclear materials and fuel, including with respect to the planned potential or actual shutdown of nuclear generating facilities owned or operated by Entergy Wholesale Commodities, and the effects of new or existing safety or environmental concerns regarding nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel; • resolution of pending or future applications, and related regulatory proceedings and litigation, for license renewals or modifications or other authorizations required of nuclear generating facilities and the effect of public and political opposition on these applications, regulatory proceedings, and litigation; • the performance of and deliverability of power from Entergy’s generation resources, including the capacity factors at its nuclear generating facilities; • the operation and maintenance of Entergy’s nuclear generating facilities require the commitment of substantial human and capital resources that can result in increased costs and capital expenditures; • Entergy’s ability to develop and execute on a point of view regarding future prices of electricity, natural gas, and other energy-related commodities; • prices for power generated by Entergy’s merchant generating facilities and the ability to hedge, meet credit support requirements for hedges, sell power forward or otherwise reduce the market price risk associated with those facilities, including the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants; • the prices and availability of fuel and power Entergy must purchase for its Utility customers, and Entergy’s ability to meet credit support requirements for fuel and power supply contracts; • volatility and changes in markets for electricity, natural gas, uranium, emissions allowances, and other energy-related commodities, and the effect of those changes on Entergy and its customers; iii Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION (Concluded) • changes in law resulting from federal or state energy legislation or legislation subjecting energy derivatives used in hedging and risk management transactions to governmental regulation; • changes in environmental laws and regulations or associated litigation, including requirements for reduced emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, greenhouse gases, mercury, particulate matter, heat, and other  regulated air and water emissions, and changes in costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations; • the effects of changes in federal, state or local laws and regulations, and other governmental actions or policies, including changes in monetary, fiscal, tax, environmental, or energy policies; • uncertainty regarding the establishment of interim or permanent sites for spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste storage and disposal and the level of spent fuel and nuclear waste disposal fees charged by the U.S. government or other providers related to such sites; • variations in weather and the occurrence of hurricanes and other storms and disasters, including uncertainties associated with efforts to remediate the effects of hurricanes, ice storms, or other weather events and the recovery of costs associated with restoration, including accessing funded storm reserves, federal and local cost recovery mechanisms, securitization, and insurance; • effects of climate change, including the potential for increases in sea levels or coastal land and wetland loss; • changes in the quality and availability of water supplies and the related regulation of water use and diversion; • Entergy’s ability to manage its capital projects and operation and maintenance costs; • Entergy’s ability to purchase and sell assets at attractive prices and on other attractive terms; • the economic climate, and particularly economic conditions in Entergy’s Utility service area and the Northeast United States and events and circumstances that could influence economic conditions in those areas, including power prices, and the risk that anticipated load growth may not materialize; • the effects of Entergy’s strategies to reduce tax payments; • changes in the financial markets and regulatory requirements for the issuance of securities, particularly as they affect access to capital and Entergy’s ability to refinance existing securities, execute share repurchase programs, and fund investments and acquisitions; • actions of rating agencies, including changes in the ratings of debt and preferred stock, changes in general corporate ratings, and changes in the rating agencies’ ratings criteria; • changes in inflation and interest rates; • the effect of litigation and government investigations or proceedings; • changes in technology, including with respect to new, developing, or alternative sources of generation; • the effects, including increased security costs, of threatened or actual terrorism, cyber-attacks or data security breaches, natural or man-made electromagnetic pulses that affect transmission or generation infrastructure,  accidents, and war or a catastrophic event such as a nuclear accident or a natural gas pipeline explosion; • Entergy’s ability to attract and retain talented management and directors; • changes in accounting standards and corporate governance; • declines in the market prices of marketable securities and resulting funding requirements and the effects on benefits costs for Entergy’s defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans; • future wage and employee benefit costs, including changes in discount rates and returns on benefit plan assets; • changes in decommissioning trust fund values or earnings or in the timing of, requirements for, or cost to decommission Entergy’s nuclear plant sites and the implementation of decommissioning of such sites following shutdown; • the decision to cease merchant power generation at all Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear power plants by as early as 2021, including the implementation of the planned shutdown of Pilgrim, Palisades, Indian Point 2, and Indian Point 3;  • the effectiveness of Entergy’s risk management policies and procedures and the ability and willingness of its counterparties to satisfy their financial and performance commitments; • factors that could lead to impairment of long-lived assets; and • the ability to successfully complete strategic transactions Entergy may undertake, including mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures, regulatory or other limitations imposed as a result of any such strategic transaction, and the success of the business following any such strategic transaction. iv Table of Contents DEFINITIONS Certain abbreviations or acronyms used in the text and notes are defined below: Abbreviation or Acronym Term     ALJ Administrative Law Judge ANO 1 and 2 Units 1 and 2 of Arkansas Nuclear One (nuclear), owned by Entergy Arkansas APSC Arkansas Public Service Commission ASU Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB Board Board of Directors of Entergy Corporation Cajun Cajun Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. capacity factor Actual plant output divided by maximum potential plant output for the period City Council Council of the City of New Orleans, Louisiana D.C. Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit DOE United States Department of Energy Entergy Entergy Corporation and its direct and indirect subsidiaries Entergy Corporation Entergy Corporation, a Delaware corporation Entergy Gulf States Louisiana Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company formally created as part of the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and the successor company to Entergy Gulf States, Inc. for financial reporting purposes.  The term is also used to refer to the Louisiana jurisdictional business of Entergy Gulf States, Inc., as the context requires.  Effective October 1, 2015, the business of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana was combined with Entergy Louisiana. Entergy Louisiana Entergy Louisiana, LLC, a Texas limited liability company formally created as part of the combination of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and the company formerly known as Entergy Louisiana, LLC (Old Entergy Louisiana) into a single public utility company and the successor to Old Entergy Louisiana for financial reporting purposes. Entergy Texas Entergy Texas, Inc., a Texas corporation formally created as part of the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc.  The term is also used to refer to the Texas jurisdictional business of Entergy Gulf States, Inc., as the context requires. Entergy Wholesale Commodities Entergy’s non-utility business segment primarily comprised of the ownership, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear power plants, the ownership of interests in non-nuclear power plants, and the sale of the electric power produced by its operating power plants to wholesale customers EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FitzPatrick James A. FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plant (nuclear), previously owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment, which was sold in March 2017 Form 10-K Annual Report on Form 10-K for the calendar year ended December 31, 2016 filed with the SEC by Entergy Corporation and its Registrant Subsidiaries Grand Gulf Unit No. 1 of Grand Gulf Nuclear Station (nuclear), 90% owned or leased by System Energy GWh Gigawatt-hour(s), which equals one million kilowatt-hours Independence Independence Steam Electric Station (coal), owned 16% by Entergy Arkansas, 25% by Entergy Mississippi, and 7% by Entergy Power, LLC Indian Point 2 Unit 2 of Indian Point Energy Center (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment v Table of Contents DEFINITIONS (Continued) Abbreviation or Acronym Term     Indian Point 3 Unit 3 of Indian Point Energy Center (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment IRS Internal Revenue Service ISO Independent System Operator kW Kilowatt, which equals one thousand watts kWh Kilowatt-hour(s) LPSC Louisiana Public Service Commission MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc., a regional transmission organization MMBtu One million British Thermal Units MPSC Mississippi Public Service Commission MW Megawatt(s), which equals one thousand kilowatts MWh Megawatt-hour(s) Net debt to net capital ratio Gross debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by total capitalization less cash and cash equivalents Net MW in operation Installed capacity owned and operated NRC Nuclear Regulatory Commission NYPA New York Power Authority Palisades Palisades Nuclear Plant (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment Parent & Other The portions of Entergy not included in the Utility or Entergy Wholesale Commodities segments, primarily consisting of the activities of the parent company, Entergy Corporation Pilgrim Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment PPA Purchased power agreement or power purchase agreement PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas Registrant Subsidiaries Entergy Arkansas, Inc., Entergy Louisiana, LLC, Entergy Mississippi, Inc., Entergy New Orleans, Inc., Entergy Texas, Inc., and System Energy Resources, Inc. River Bend River Bend Station (nuclear), owned by Entergy Louisiana SEC Securities and Exchange Commission System Agreement Agreement, effective January 1, 1983, as modified, among the Utility operating companies relating to the sharing of generating capacity and other power resources.  The agreement terminated effective August 2016. System Energy System Energy Resources, Inc. TWh Terawatt-hour(s), which equals one billion kilowatt-hours Unit Power Sales Agreement Agreement, dated as of June 10, 1982, as amended and approved by FERC, among Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and System Energy, relating to the sale of capacity and energy from System Energy’s share of Grand Gulf Utility Entergy’s business segment that generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power, with a small amount of natural gas distribution Utility operating companies Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas vi Table of Contents DEFINITIONS (Concluded) Abbreviation or Acronym Term     Vermont Yankee Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Station (nuclear), owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment, which ceased power production in December 2014 Waterford 3 Unit No. 3 (nuclear) of the Waterford Steam Electric Station, 100% owned or leased by Entergy Louisiana weather-adjusted usage Electric usage excluding the effects of deviations from normal weather White Bluff White Bluff Steam Electric Generating Station, 57% owned by Entergy Arkansas vii Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Entergy operates primarily through two business segments: Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities. • The  Utility  business segment includes the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electric power in portions of Arkansas, Mississippi, Texas, and Louisiana, including the City of New Orleans; and operation of a small natural gas distribution business.   • The  Entergy Wholesale Commodities  business segment includes the ownership, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear power plants located in the northern United States and the sale of the electric power produced by its operating plants to wholesale customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities also provides services to other nuclear power plant owners and owns interests in non-nuclear power plants that sell the electric power produced by those plants to wholesale customers.  See “ Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” below and in the Form 10-K for discussion of the operation and planned shutdown or sale of each of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear power plants. Results of Operations First Quarter   2017  Compared to  First Quarter   2016   Following are income statement variances for Utility, Entergy Wholesale Commodities, Parent & Other, and Entergy comparing the  first quarter   2017  to the  first quarter   2016  showing how much the line item increased or (decreased) in comparison to the prior period:     Utility   Entergy Wholesale Commodities   Parent & Other (a)   Entergy     (In Thousands) 2016 Consolidated Net Income (Loss)   $199,651   $79,557   ($43,966 )   $235,242                   Net revenue (operating revenue less fuel expense, purchased power, and other regulatory charges/credits)   29,119   27,906   (2 )   57,023 Other operation and maintenance   53,442   81,437   752   135,631 Asset write-offs, impairments, and related charges   —   204,430   —   204,430 Taxes other than income taxes   7,602   (1,320 )   293   6,575 Depreciation and amortization   16,450   (3,514 )   56   12,992 Gain on sale of assets   —   16,270   —   16,270 Other income   9,440   30,459   61   39,960 Interest expense   (3,974 )   338   1,554   (2,082 ) Other expenses   6,411   30,668   1   37,080 Income taxes   (9,344 )   (130,651 )   7,813   (132,182 )                   2017 Consolidated Net Income (Loss)   $167,623   ($27,196 )   ($54,376 )   $86,051 (a) Parent & Other includes eliminations, which are primarily intersegment activity. Refer to “ ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES -   SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS ” for further information with respect to operating statistics. First quarter 2017 results of operations includes $212 million ($138 million net-of-tax) of impairment charges due to costs being charged directly to expense as a result of the impaired value of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants’ long-lived assets due to the significantly reduced remaining estimated operating lives associated with  1 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  -  Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” below and in the Form 10-K for a discussion of management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet. Net Revenue Utility Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2017  to the  first quarter   2016 :   Amount   (In Millions) 2016 net revenue $1,375 Retail electric price 37 Opportunity sales 8 Volume/weather (17 ) Other 1 2017 net revenue $1,404      The retail electric price variance is primarily due to: • an increase in base rates and the implementation of formula rate plan rates at Entergy Arkansas, as approved by the APSC.  The new base rates were effective February 24, 2016.  A significant portion of the base rate increase was related to the purchase of Power Block 2 of the Union Power Station in March 2016.  The formula rate plan rates were effective with the first billing cycle of January 2017; • an increase in formula rate plan revenues for Entergy Louisiana, implemented with the first billing cycle of March 2016, to collect the estimated first-year revenue requirement related to the purchase of Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station in March 2016; • an increase in the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider for Entergy New Orleans, as approved by the City Council, effective with the first billing cycle of March 2016, primarily related to the purchase of Power Block 1 of the Union Power Station in March 2016; and • an increase in revenues at Entergy Mississippi, as approved by the MPSC, effective with the first billing cycle of July 2016. See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the rate proceedings.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. The opportunity sales variance results from the estimated net revenue effect recorded in the first quarter 2016 in connection with the FERC orders issued in April 2016 in the opportunity sales proceeding.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding. The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 517 GWh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, partially offset by an increase in industrial usage.  The increase in industrial usage is primarily due to new customers in the primary metals and industrial gases industries and expansion projects primarily in the chemicals industry, partially offset by a decrease in usage by existing customers primarily in the petroleum refining industry. 2 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy Wholesale Commodities Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2017  to the  first quarter   2016 :   Amount   (In Millions) 2016 net revenue $466 FitzPatrick reimbursement agreement 98 Nuclear realized price changes (65 ) Other (5 ) 2017 net revenue $494 As shown in the table above, net revenue for Entergy Wholesale Commodities increased by $28 million in the  first quarter   2017  as compared to the  first quarter   2016  primarily due to an increase resulting from the reimbursement agreement with Exelon pursuant to which Exelon is reimbursing Entergy for specified out-of-pocket costs associated with preparing for the refueling and operation of FitzPatrick that otherwise would have been avoided had Entergy shut down FitzPatrick in January 2017.  Revenues received from Exelon in the first quarter 2017 under the reimbursement agreement are offset in other operation and maintenance expenses and taxes other than income taxes and have no material effect on net income.  See Note 13 to the financial statements herein and Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the reimbursement agreement.  The increase was partially offset by lower realized wholesale energy prices. Following are key performance measures for Entergy Wholesale Commodities for the  first quarter   2017  and  2016 :   2017   2016 Owned capacity (MW) (a)(b) 4,800   4,880 GWh billed 8,363   9,246         Entergy Wholesale Commodities Nuclear Fleet       Capacity factor 80%   90% GWh billed 7,835   8,688 Average energy and capacity revenue per MWh $55.15   $56.16 Refueling outage days:       FitzPatrick 42   — Indian Point 2 —   25 Indian Point 3 19   — (a) The reduction in owned capacity is due to Entergy’s sale of its 50% membership interest in Top Deer Wind Ventures, LLC in November 2016.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Top Deer Wind Ventures, LLC sale. (b) Includes the 838 MW FitzPatrick plant, which was sold to Exelon in March 2017.  See Note 13 to the financial statements herein for discussion of the FitzPatrick sale. 3 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Other Income Statement Items Utility Other operation and maintenance expenses increased from $514 million for the  first quarter   2016  to $568 million for the  first quarter   2017  primarily due to: • the deferral in first quarter 2016 of $8 million of previously-incurred costs related to ANO post-Fukushima compliance and $10 million of previously-incurred costs related to ANO flood barrier compliance, as approved by the APSC in February 2016 as part of the Entergy Arkansas 2015 rate case settlement.  These costs are being amortized over a ten-year period beginning March 2016.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the rate case settlement; • an increase of $10 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a revision to estimated incentive compensation expense in first quarter 2016; • an increase of $8 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to the purchase of Union Power Station in March 2016 and an overall higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016; and • an increase of $7 million in loss provisions. Also, an increase in nuclear generation expenses due to additional training and initiatives to support management’s operational goals at Grand Gulf was offset by a decrease in regulatory compliance costs.  The decrease in regulatory compliance costs is primarily related to additional NRC inspection activities in 2016 as a result of the NRC’s March 2015 decision to move ANO into the “multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column” of the NRC’s reactor oversight process action matrix.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  -  ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the ANO stator incident and subsequent NRC reviews.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Grand Gulf outage. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including the Union Power Station purchased in March 2016.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. Other income increased primarily due to higher realized gains in first quarter 2017 as compared to first quarter 2016 on the decommissioning trust fund investments. Entergy Wholesale Commodities  Other operation and maintenance expenses increased from $214 million for the first quarter 2016 to $295 million for the first quarter 2017 primarily due to FitzPatrick’s nuclear refueling outage expenses and expenditures for capital assets being charged directly to other operation and maintenance expenses as a result of the reimbursement agreement Entergy entered into with Exelon and an increase in severance and retention costs in the first quarter 2017 as compared to the first quarter 2016 due to management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  FitzPatrick’s nuclear refueling outage expenses and expenditures for capital assets being charged directly to other operation and maintenance expenses as a result of the reimbursement agreement Entergy entered into with Exelon are offset by revenue and have no effect on net income.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  -  Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” below and in the Form 10-K for a discussion of management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  See Note 13 to the financial statements herein and Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the reimbursement agreement. The asset write-offs, impairments, and related charges variance is primarily due to $212 million ($138 million net-of-tax) of impairment charges in the first quarter 2017 due to costs being charged directly to expense as a result of  4 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis the impaired value of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants’ long-lived assets due to the significantly reduced remaining estimated operating lives associated with management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” below and in the Form 10-K for a discussion of management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet. The gain on sale of assets resulted from the sale in March 2017 of the 838 MW FitzPatrick plant to Exelon.  Entergy sold the FitzPatrick plant for approximately $110 million, including the $10 million non-refundable signing fee paid in August 2016, in addition to the assumption by Exelon of certain liabilities related to the FitzPatrick plant, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $16 million on the sale.  See Note 13 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of the sale. Other income increased primarily due to higher realized gains in first quarter 2017 as compared to first quarter 2016 on the decommissioning trust fund investments, including the increase in value from year-end realized upon the receipt from NYPA of the decommissioning trust funds for the Indian Point 3 and FitzPatrick plants in January 2017.  See Note 9 to the financial statements herein and Note 16 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the trust transfer agreement with NYPA. Other expenses increased primarily due to increases in decommissioning expenses primarily as a result of a trust transfer agreement Entergy entered into with NYPA in August 2016, which closed in January 2017, to transfer the decommissioning trusts and decommissioning liabilities for the Indian Point 3 and FitzPatrick plants to Entergy and revisions to the estimated decommissioning cost liabilities for the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ Indian Point 2, Indian Point 3, and Palisades plants as a result of revised decommissioning cost studies in the fourth quarter 2016.  See Note 9 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the trust transfer agreement with NYPA and the revised decommissioning cost studies.  The increase was partially offset by a reduction in deferred refueling outage amortization costs related to the impairments of the Indian Point 3, Indian Point 2, and Palisades plants and related assets.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the impairments and related charges. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 8.3% for the  first quarter   2017 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2017  versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to the re-determined tax basis of the FitzPatrick plant as a result of the sale on March 31, 2017 and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction, partially offset by a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset, state income taxes, certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, and the provision for uncertain tax positions.  See Note 10 to the financial statements herein for further discussion of the tax benefit associated with the sale of FitzPatrick and the write-off of the stock-based compensation deferred tax asset. The effective income tax rate was 37.3% for the  first quarter   2016 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2016  versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to state income taxes, certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, and the provision for uncertain tax positions, partially offset by book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews   See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the ANO stator incident, subsequent NRC reviews, and the deferral of replacement power costs.    5 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  Following are updates to that discussion.  Entergy expects to incur employee retention and severance expenses associated with management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet of approximately $110 million in 2017, of which $24 million had been incurred as of March 31, 2017, and approximately $225 million from 2018 through the end of 2021.  In addition, Entergy Wholesale Commodities incurred $212 million of impairment charges in the first quarter 2017 related to nuclear fuel spending, nuclear refueling outage spending, and expenditures for capital assets. These costs are charged directly to expense as a result of the impaired value of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants’ long-lived assets due to the significantly reduced remaining estimated operating lives associated with management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  Entergy expects to continue to charge these costs directly to expense over the remaining operating lives of the plants.  In March 2017 the NRC approved the sale of the FitzPatrick plant, an 838 MW nuclear power plant owned by Entergy in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities segment, to Exelon.  The transaction closed in March 2017 for a purchase price of $110 million, including the $10 million non-refundable signing fee paid in August 2016, in addition to the assumption by Exelon of certain liabilities related to the FitzPatrick plant, resulting in a pre-tax gain on the sale of $16 million.  At the transaction close, Exelon paid an additional $8 million for the proration of certain expenses prepaid by Entergy.  See Note 13 to the financial statements herein for further discussion of the sale of FitzPatrick.  As discussed in Note 10 to the financial statements herein, as a result of the sale of FitzPatrick on March 31, 2017, Entergy re-determined the plant’s tax basis, resulting in a $44 million income tax benefit.   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Authorizations to Operate Its Nuclear Power Plants   See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Entergy Wholesale Commodities Authorizations to Operate Its Nuclear Power Plants ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the NRC operating licensing proceedings for Indian Point 2 and Indian Point 3 and the settlement reached with New York State.  Following is an update to that discussion. In accordance with the settlement with New York State, in March 2017 the New York State Department of State issued a concurrence with Indian Point’s new Coastal Zone Management Act (CZMA) consistency certification and, on Entergy’s motion, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York dismissed Entergy’s appeal related to the initial Indian Point CZMA consistency certification.  Also in March 2017 the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board of the NRC granted the motion of New York State and Riverkeeper to withdraw their pending contentions on the NRC license renewal application and terminated the proceedings.  Subsequent to the issuance of the water quality certification and water discharge permit in January 2017 by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC), in April 2017 the NYSDEC updated its environmental analysis to reflect the early shutdown per the settlement agreement. Liquidity and Capital Resources See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy’s capital structure, capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital, and sources of capital.  Following are updates to that discussion.   6 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Capital Structure Entergy’s capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.    March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 Debt to capital 65.4 %   64.8 % Effect of excluding securitization bonds (1.0 %)   (1.0 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 64.4 %   63.8 % Effect of subtracting cash (1.7 %)   (2.0 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 62.7 %   61.8 % (a) Calculation excludes the Arkansas, Louisiana, New Orleans, and Texas securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas, respectively. Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of notes payable and commercial paper, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt, common shareholders’ equity, and subsidiaries’ preferred stock without sinking fund.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Entergy Corporation has in place a credit facility that has a borrowing capacity of $3.5 billion and expires in August 2021.  Entergy Corporation also has the ability to issue letters of credit against 50% of the total borrowing capacity of the credit facility.  The commitment fee is currently 0.225% of the undrawn commitment amount.  Commitment fees and interest rates on loans under the credit facility can fluctuate depending on the senior unsecured debt ratings of Entergy Corporation.  The weighted average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2017  was  2.29%  on the drawn portion of the facility.  Following is a summary of the borrowings outstanding and capacity available under the facility as of  March 31, 2017 :     Capacity    Borrowings   Letters of Credit   Capacity Available (In Millions) $3,500   $225   $6   $3,269   A covenant in Entergy Corporation’s credit facility requires Entergy to maintain a consolidated debt ratio, as defined, of 65% or less of its total capitalization.  The calculation of this debt ratio under Entergy Corporation’s credit facility is different than the calculation of the debt to capital ratio above.  Entergy is currently in compliance with the covenant and expects to remain in compliance with this covenant.  If Entergy fails to meet this ratio, or if Entergy or one of the Utility operating companies (except Entergy New Orleans) defaults on other indebtedness or is in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, an acceleration of the facility’s maturity date may occur.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the Entergy Corporation credit facility and discussion of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ credit facilities. Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee has a credit facility guaranteed by Entergy Corporation with a borrowing capacity of $100 million which expires in January 2018.  As of March 31, 2017, $58 million in cash borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility.  Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee also has an uncommitted credit facility guaranteed by Entergy Corporation with a borrowing capacity of $85 million which expires in January 2018.  As of  7 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis March 31, 2017, there were no cash borrowings outstanding under the uncommitted credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the Vermont Yankee facilities. Entergy Corporation has a commercial paper program with a Board-approved program limit of up to $1.5 billion.  As of  March 31, 2017 , Entergy Corporation had $1.1 billion of commercial paper outstanding.  The weighted-average interest rate for the three months ended  March 31, 2017  was 1.33%. Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital See the table and discussion in the Form 10-K under “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Liquidity and Capital Resources   - Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital ,” that sets forth the amounts of planned construction and other capital investments by operating segment for 2017 through 2019.  Following are updates to the discussion. Lake Charles Power Station In November 2016, Entergy Louisiana filed an application with the LPSC seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the Lake Charles Power Station, a nominal 994 MW combined-cycle generating unit in Westlake, Louisiana, on land adjacent to the existing Nelson plant in Calcasieu Parish.  The current estimated cost of the Lake Charles Power Station is $872 million, including estimated costs of transmission interconnection and other related costs.  Testimony was filed by LPSC staff and an intervenor.  The LPSC staff testimony concludes that the construction of the project serves the public convenience and necessity.  The intervenor contends that Entergy Louisiana has not established a need for Lake Charles Power Station in the proposed timeframe (2020 commercial operation date) and presents questions regarding the scope and timing of generation deactivations and capacity needs.  The request for proposal independent monitor also filed testimony and a report affirming that the Lake Charles Power Station resource was selected through an objective and fair request for proposal that showed no undue preference to any proposal.  A procedural schedule has been issued, with an evidentiary hearing scheduled for May 2017.  Subject to timely approval by the LPSC and receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2020. New Orleans Power Station   In June 2016, Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the City Council seeking a public interest determination and authorization to construct the New Orleans Power Station, a 226 MW advanced combustion turbine in New Orleans, Louisiana, at the site of the existing Michoud generating facility, which facility was deactivated effective May 31, 2016. The current estimated cost of the New Orleans Power Station is $216 million.  Subject to timely approval by the City Council and receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by late-2019.  In January 2017 several intervenors filed testimony opposing the construction of the New Orleans Power Station on various grounds.  In February 2017, Entergy New Orleans filed a motion to temporarily suspend the procedural schedule to allow for further analysis regarding its proposal, and that motion was granted.  A status conference was held in March 2017 wherein the hearing officer suspended the procedural schedule until Entergy New Orleans files a supplemental and amending application, currently expected to occur in second quarter 2017.  In April 2017, Entergy New Orleans filed a status report with the City Council advising that it was in the process of conducting additional analyses regarding generation needed to meet the future electricity needs of New Orleans and stating that it expects to include in the supplemental and amending application a request for approval of either the original New Orleans Power Station combustion turbine or an alternative proposal for an approximately 126 MW unit, as well as a commitment to pursue up to 100 MW of renewable resources to serve New Orleans.     8 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Montgomery County Power Station In October 2016, Entergy Texas filed an application with the PUCT seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the Montgomery County Power Station, a nominal 993 MW combined-cycle generating unit in Montgomery County, Texas on land adjacent to the existing Lewis Creek plant.  The current estimated cost of the Montgomery County Power Station is $937 million, including estimated costs of transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs.  The independent monitor, who oversaw the request for proposal process, filed testimony and a report affirming that the Montgomery County Power Station was selected through an objective and fair request for proposal that showed no undue preference to any proposal.  Discovery has commenced, and a procedural schedule has been established for this proceeding, including an evidentiary hearing in May 2017.  In March 2017 an intervenor filed direct testimony generally opposing certification of Montgomery County Power Station and proposed certain conditions if the certification is to be granted.  In April 2017, Entergy Texas and the independent monitor filed rebuttal testimony in accordance with the procedural schedule.  A PUCT decision regarding the application is expected by October 2017, pursuant to a Texas statute requiring the PUCT to issue a certificate of convenience and necessity within 366 days of the filing.  Subject to timely approval by the PUCT and receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2021.     Washington Parish Energy Center In April 2017, Entergy Louisiana signed a purchase and sale agreement with a subsidiary of Calpine Corporation for the acquisition of a peaking plant.  Calpine will construct the plant, which will consist of two natural gas-fired combustion turbine units with a total nominal capacity of approximately 360 MW. The plant, named the Washington Parish Energy Center, will be located in Bogalusa, Louisiana and is expected to be completed in 2021.  Subject to relevant regulatory approvals, Entergy Louisiana will purchase the plant once it is complete. Dividends Declarations of dividends on Entergy’s common stock are made at the discretion of the Board.  Among other things, the Board evaluates the level of Entergy’s common stock dividends based upon earnings per share from the Utility operating segment and the Parent and Other portion of the business, financial strength, and future investment opportunities.  At its April 2017 meeting, the Board declared a dividend of $0.87 per share, which is the same quarterly dividend per share that Entergy paid in the fourth quarter 2016. Cash Flow Activity As shown in Entergy’s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   2017   2016   (In Millions) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $1,188   $1,351         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 529   533 Investing activities (812 )   (1,878 ) Financing activities 178   1,086 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (105 )   (259 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $1,083   $1,092 9 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities was relatively unchanged, decreasing by $4 million, for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016 .  Significant operating cash flow activities included: • a decrease due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016.  See Note 2 to the financial statements herein and in the Form 10-K for a discussion of fuel and purchased power cost recovery; • a refund to customers in January 2017 of approximately $71 million as a result of the settlement approved by the LPSC related to the Waterford 3 replacement steam generator project.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the settlement and refund; • lower Entergy Wholesale Commodities net revenue, excluding the effect of revenues resulting from the FitzPatrick reimbursement agreement with Exelon, in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, as discussed above.  See Note 13 to the financial statements herein and Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the reimbursement agreement; • a decrease of $73 million in interest paid in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to an interest payment of $60 million made in March 2016 related to the purchase of a beneficial interest in the Waterford 3 leased assets.   See Note 10 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Louisiana’s purchase of a beneficial interest in the Waterford 3 leased assets; • income tax refunds of $18 million in 2017 compared to income tax payments of $26 million in 2016.  Entergy received income tax refunds in 2017 resulting from the carryback of net operating losses.  Entergy made income tax payments in 2016 related to the effect of the 2006-2007 IRS audit and for jurisdictions that do not have net operating loss carryovers or jurisdictions in which the utilization of net operating loss carryovers are limited.  See Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the income tax audit; • a decrease of $28 million in spending on activities related to the decommissioning of Vermont Yankee, which ceased power production in December 2014; and • proceeds of $23 million received in first quarter 2017 from the DOE resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed.  See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $1,066 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • the purchase of the Union Power Station for approximately $948 million in March 2016.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase; • the deposit in March 2016 of $197 million held in trust as a result of the issuance by the Louisiana Public Facilities Authority of $83.68 million of 3.375% pollution control refunding revenue bonds and $115 million of 3.50% pollution control refunding revenue bonds; and • proceeds of $100 million from the sale in March 2017 of the FitzPatrick plant to Exelon.  See Note 13 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of the sale. The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $158 million in construction expenditures, primarily in the Utility business.  The increase in construction expenditures in the Utility business is primarily due to an increase of $114 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to spending on the St. Charles Power Station project in 2017 and an increase of $27 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of non-storm related work performed in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016. 10 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Financing Activities Net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $908 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to long-term debt activity using approximately $575 million of cash in 2017 compared to providing approximately $966 million of cash in 2016.  Included in the long-term debt activity is $475 million in 2017 and $219 million in 2016 for the repayment of borrowings on the Entergy Corporation long-term credit facility.  The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $588 million in net issuances of commercial paper in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and a net increase of $48 million in 2017 in short-term borrowings by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities. For the details of Entergy’s commercial paper program, the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ short-term borrowings, and long-term debt see Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K. Rate, Cost-recovery, and Other Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Rate, Cost-recovery, and Other Regulation ” in the Form 10-K for discussions of rate regulation, federal regulation, and related regulatory proceedings. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See Note 2 to the financial statements herein for updates to the discussion in the Form 10-K regarding these proceedings. Federal Regulation See Note 2 to the financial statements herein for updates to the discussion in the Form 10-K regarding federal regulatory proceedings. Market and Credit Risk Sensitive Instruments Commodity Price Risk Power Generation As a wholesale generator, Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ core business is selling energy, measured in MWh, to its customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities enters into forward contracts with its customers and also sells energy in the day ahead or spot markets.  In addition to selling the energy produced by its plants, Entergy Wholesale Commodities sells unforced capacity, which allows load-serving entities to meet specified reserve and related requirements placed on them by the ISOs in their respective areas.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ forward physical power contracts consist of contracts to sell energy only, contracts to sell capacity only, and bundled contracts in which it sells both capacity and energy.  While the terminology and payment mechanics vary in these contracts, each of these types of contracts requires Entergy Wholesale Commodities to deliver MWh of energy, make capacity available, or both.  In addition to its forward physical power contracts, Entergy Wholesale Commodities also uses a combination of financial contracts, including swaps, collars, and options, to manage forward commodity price risk.  Certain hedge volumes have price downside and upside relative to market price movement.  The contracted minimum, expected value, and sensitivities are provided in the table below to show potential variations.  The sensitivities may not reflect the total maximum upside potential from higher market prices.  The information contained in the following table represents projections at a point in time and will vary over time based on numerous factors, such as future market prices, contracting activities, and generation.  Following is a summary of Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ current forward capacity and generation contracts as well as total revenue projections based on market prices as of  March 31, 2017  ( 2017  represents the remainder of the year): 11 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy Wholesale Commodities Nuclear Portfolio        2017   2018   2019   2020   2021 Energy                     Percent of planned generation under contract (a):                     Unit-contingent (b)   86%   68%   20%   —%   —% Firm LD (c)   10%   5%   —%   —%   —% Offsetting positions (d)   (10%)   (10%)   —%   —%   —% Total   86%   63%   20%   —%   —% Planned generation (TWh) (e) (f)   19.9   26.7   18.8   11.7   2.9 Average revenue per MWh on contracted volumes:                     Minimum   $40.5   $35.9   $37.8   $—   $— Expected based on market prices as of March 31, 2017   $40.5   $35.9   $37.8   $—   $— Sensitivity: -/+ $10 per MWh market price change   $40.5-$40.6   $34.8-$37.1   $37.8   $—   $—                       Capacity                     Percent of capacity sold forward (g):                     Bundled capacity and energy contracts (h)   22%   10%   —%   —%   —% Capacity contracts (i)   28%   23%   12%   —%   —% Total   50%   33%   12%   —%   —% Planned net MW in operation (average) (f)   3,568   3,365   2,356   1,384   347 Average revenue under contract per kW per month (applies to capacity contracts only)   $5.8   $9.4   $11.1   $—   $—                       Total Nuclear Energy and Capacity Revenues (j)                     Expected sold and market total revenue per MWh   $49.6   $43.9   $44.6   $45.1   $51.3 Sensitivity: -/+ $10 per MWh market price change   $48.7-$50.7   $40.3-$47.6   $36.6-$52.6   $35.1-$55.1   $41.3-$61.3 (a) Percent of planned generation output sold or purchased forward under contracts, forward physical contracts, forward financial contracts, or options that mitigate price uncertainty that may require regulatory approval or approval of transmission rights.  Positions that are not classified as hedges are netted in the planned generation under contract. (b) Transaction under which power is supplied from a specific generation asset; if the asset is not operating, the seller is generally not liable to buyer for any damages.  Certain unit-contingent sales include a guarantee of availability.  Availability guarantees provide for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the seller fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold.  All of Entergy’s outstanding guarantees of availability provide for dollar limits on Entergy’s maximum liability under such guarantees. (c) Transaction that requires receipt or delivery of energy at a specified delivery point (usually at a market hub not associated with a specific asset) or settles financially on notional quantities; if a party fails to deliver or receive energy, defaulting party must compensate the other party as specified in the contract, a portion of which may be capped through the use of risk management products.  This also includes option transactions that may expire without being exercised.  (d) Transactions for the purchase of energy, generally to offset a Firm LD transaction. (e) Amount of output expected to be generated by Entergy Wholesale Commodities resources considering plant operating characteristics, outage schedules, and expected market conditions that affect dispatch. 12 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis (f) Assumes the planned shutdown of Palisades on October 1, 2018, planned shutdown of Pilgrim on May 31, 2019, planned shutdown of Indian Point 2 on April 30, 2020, and planned shutdown of Indian Point 3 on April 30, 2021, and reflects the sale of FitzPatrick in March 2017.  Assumes NRC license renewals for two units, as follows (with current license expirations in parentheses): Indian Point 2 (September 2013 and now operating under its period of extended operations while its application is pending) and Indian Point 3 (December 2015 and now operating under its period of extended operations while its application is pending).  For a discussion regarding the planned shutdown of the Palisades, Pilgrim, Indian Point 2, and Indian Point 3 plants, see “ Entergy Wholesale Commodities Exit from the Merchant Power Business ” in the Form 10-K.  For a discussion regarding the license renewals for Indian Point 2 and Indian Point 3, see “ Entergy Wholesale Commodities Authorizations to Operate Its Nuclear Power Plants ” above and in the Form 10-K.   (g) Percent of planned qualified capacity sold to mitigate price uncertainty under physical or financial transactions. (h) A contract for the sale of installed capacity and related energy, priced per megawatt-hour sold. (i) A contract for the sale of an installed capacity product in a regional market. (j) Includes assumptions on converting a portion of the portfolio to contracted with fixed price cost or discount and excludes non-cash revenue from the amortization of the Palisades below-market purchased power agreement, mark-to-market activity, and service revenues. Entergy estimates that a positive $10 per MWh change in the annual average energy price in the markets in which the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear business sells power, based on  March 31, 2017  market conditions, planned generation volumes, and hedged positions, would have a corresponding effect on pre-tax net income of $22 million for the remainder of 2017.  As of  March 31, 2016 , a positive $10 per MWh change would have had a corresponding effect on pre-tax income of $79 million for the remainder of 2016.  A negative $10 per MWh change in the annual average energy price in the markets based on  March 31, 2017  market conditions, planned generation volumes, and hedged positions, would have a corresponding effect on pre-tax net income of ($19) million for the remainder of 2017.  As of  March 31, 2016 , a negative $10 per MWh change would have had a corresponding effect on pre-tax income of ($69) million for the remainder of 2016. Some of the agreements to sell the power produced by Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ power plants contain provisions that require an Entergy subsidiary to provide credit support to secure its obligations under the agreements.  The Entergy subsidiary is required to provide credit support based upon the difference between the current market prices and contracted power prices in the regions where Entergy Wholesale Commodities sells power.  The primary form of credit support to satisfy these requirements is an Entergy Corporation guaranty.  Cash and letters of credit are also acceptable forms of credit support.  At  March 31, 2017 , based on power prices at that time, Entergy had liquidity exposure of $130 million under the guarantees in place supporting Entergy Wholesale Commodities transactions and $7 million of posted cash collateral.  In the event of a decrease in Entergy Corporation’s credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as of  March 31, 2017 , Entergy would have been required to provide approximately $56 million of additional cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements.  As of  March 31, 2017 , the liquidity exposure associated with Entergy Wholesale Commodities assurance requirements, including return of previously posted collateral from counterparties, would increase by $234 million for a $1 per MMBtu increase in gas prices in both the short-and long-term markets.   As of  March 31, 2017 , substantially all of the credit exposure associated with the planned energy output under contract for Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants through 2021 is with counterparties or their guarantors that have public investment grade credit ratings. Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  The following is an update to that discussion. 13 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Indian Point During the scheduled refueling and maintenance outage at Indian Point 2 in the first quarter 2016, comprehensive inspections were done as part of the aging management program that calls for an in-depth inspection of the reactor vessel.  Inspections of more than 2,000 bolts in the reactor’s removable insert liner identified issues with roughly 11% of the bolts that required further analysis.  Entergy replaced bolts as appropriate, and the unit returned to service in June 2016.  In 2016, Entergy evaluated the scope and duration of Indian Point 3’s scheduled refueling outage planned for 2017, which began in March 2017.  Based on the results of the 2016 evaluation and analysis, Entergy extended Indian Point 3’s planned 2017 outage duration.  Entergy is performing the same in-depth inspection of the reactor vessel at Indian Point 3 during Indian Point 3’s spring 2017 refueling and maintenance outage that it performed for Indian Point 2.  Based on inspection data, Entergy is replacing approximately the same number of bolts at Indian Point 3 that it replaced at Indian Point 2.  Entergy currently expects Indian Point 3 to be back online by the end of May 2017.  Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, unbilled revenue, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies. New Accounting Pronouncements See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  New Accounting Pronouncements ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.  Following are updates to that discussion. As discussed in the Form 10-K, ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)” is effective for Entergy for the first quarter 2018.  Entergy’s evaluation of ASU 2014-09 has not identified any effects that it expects will affect materially its results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.  Entergy continues to monitor the development and finalization of industry-specific application guidance that could have an effect on this assessment. In March 2017 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07, “Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost.”  The ASU requires entities to report the service cost component of defined benefit pension cost and postretirement benefit cost (net benefit cost) in the same line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period.  The other components of net benefit cost are required to be presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations.  In addition, the ASU allows only the service cost component of net benefit cost to be eligible for capitalization.  ASU 2017-07 is effective for Entergy for the first quarter 2018.  Entergy does not expect ASU 2017-07 to affect materially its results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 14 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           2017   2016     (In Thousands, Except Share Data) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $1,991,740   $2,042,160 Natural gas   43,351   45,613 Competitive businesses   553,367   522,079 TOTAL   2,588,458   2,609,852           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   417,566   504,967 Purchased power   357,768   262,323 Nuclear refueling outage expenses   42,564   51,230 Other operation and maintenance   867,546   731,915 Asset write-offs, impairments, and related charges   211,791   7,361 Decommissioning   114,374   68,628 Taxes other than income taxes   156,353   149,778 Depreciation and amortization   347,265   334,273 Other regulatory charges (credits)   (85,302 )   1,159 TOTAL   2,429,925   2,111,634           Gain on sale of assets   16,270   —           OPERATING INCOME     174,803   498,218           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   19,008   18,932 Interest and investment income   56,549   32,753 Miscellaneous - net   5,501   (10,587 ) TOTAL   81,058   41,098           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   171,089   173,811 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (9,042 )   (9,682 ) TOTAL   162,047   164,129           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   93,814   375,187           Income taxes   7,763   139,945           CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME    86,051   235,242           Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries   3,446   5,276           NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENTERGY CORPORATION   $82,605   $229,966           Earnings per average common share:         Basic   $0.46   $1.29 Diluted   $0.46   $1.28 Dividends declared per common share   $0.87   $0.85           Basic average number of common shares outstanding   179,335,063   178,578,536 Diluted average number of common shares outstanding   179,842,053   178,976,380           See Notes to Financial Statements.         15 Table of Contents (page left blank intentionally) 16 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)                 2017   2016     (In Thousands)           Net Income    $86,051   $235,242         Other comprehensive income         Cash flow hedges net unrealized loss (net of tax benefit of $359 and $5,201)   (528 )   (9,506 ) Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax expense of $6,377 and $258)   8,632   7,562 Net unrealized investment gains (net of tax expense of $39,294 and $18,358)   37,827   23,069 Foreign currency translation (net of tax benefit of $153)   —   (284 ) Other comprehensive income   45,931   20,841         Comprehensive Income    131,982   256,083 Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries   3,446   5,276 Comprehensive Income Attributable to Entergy Corporation   $128,536   $250,807           See Notes to Financial Statements.         17 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Consolidated net income    $86,051   $235,242 Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   531,373   500,248 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   16,497   75,415 Asset write-offs, impairments, and related charges   145,026   7,361 Gain on sale of assets   (16,270 )   — Changes in working capital:         Receivables   156,201   76,532 Fuel inventory   6,465   (9,089 ) Accounts payable   (47,682 )   (67,364 ) Taxes accrued   (58,832 )   (15,996 ) Interest accrued   (13,921 )   (27,535 ) Deferred fuel costs   (7,389 )   97,566 Other working capital accounts   (7,324 )   (95,291 ) Changes in provisions for estimated losses   (4,031 )   (3,968 ) Changes in other regulatory assets   47,497   56,047 Changes in other regulatory liabilities   (18,324 )   18,735 Changes in pensions and other postretirement liabilities   (86,430 )   (89,046 ) Other   (199,514 )   (226,036 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   529,393   532,821           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction/capital expenditures   (794,448 )   (636,011 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   19,254   19,107 Nuclear fuel purchases   (137,613 )   (85,819 ) Payment for purchase of plant   —   (947,778 ) Proceeds from sale of assets   100,000   — Insurance proceeds received for property damages   20,909   — Changes in securitization account   (963 )   (1,399 ) Payments to storm reserve escrow account   (480 )   (367 ) Receipts from storm reserve escrow account   8,836   — Increase in other investments   (10,377 )   (196,509 ) Litigation proceeds for reimbursement of spent nuclear fuel storage costs   25,493   — Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   513,750   729,414 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (556,161 )   (758,665 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (811,800 )   (1,878,027 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         18 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of:         Long-term debt   236,198   2,869,808 Treasury stock   2,448   5,787 Retirement of long-term debt   (811,690 )   (1,903,670 ) Changes in credit borrowings and commercial paper - net   908,378   271,730 Other   1,810   (644 ) Dividends paid:         Common stock   (156,073 )   (151,839 ) Preferred stock   (3,446 )   (5,276 ) Net cash flow provided by financing activities   177,625   1,085,896         Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents   (104,782 )   (259,310 )         Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   1,187,844   1,350,961         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $1,083,062   $1,091,651           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $178,134   $251,305 Income taxes   ($18,044 )   $26,382           See Notes to Financial Statements.         19 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $60,868   $129,579 Temporary cash investments   1,022,194   1,058,265 Total cash and cash equivalents   1,083,062   1,187,844 Accounts receivable:         Customer   512,225   654,995 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (12,524 )   (11,924 ) Other   134,223   158,419 Accrued unbilled revenues   339,219   368,677 Total accounts receivable   973,143   1,170,167 Deferred fuel costs   117,971   108,465 Fuel inventory - at average cost   173,135   179,600 Materials and supplies - at average cost   681,267   698,523 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   160,550   146,221 Prepayments and other   208,363   193,448 TOTAL   3,397,491   3,684,268           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Investment in affiliates - at equity   198   198 Decommissioning trust funds   6,669,326   5,723,897 Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   243,683   233,641 Other   451,715   469,664 TOTAL   7,364,922   6,427,400           PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT         Electric   45,385,925   45,191,216 Property under capital lease   619,135   619,527 Natural gas   418,862   413,224 Construction work in progress   1,594,449   1,378,180 Nuclear fuel   998,013   1,037,899 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT   49,016,384   48,640,046 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   20,843,031   20,718,639 PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT - NET   28,173,353   27,921,407           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Regulatory asset for income taxes - net   764,266   761,280 Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $576,351 as of March 31, 2017 and $600,996 as of December 31, 2016)   4,719,430   4,769,913 Deferred fuel costs   239,149   239,100 Goodwill   377,172   377,172 Accumulated deferred income taxes   115,134   117,885 Other   167,289   1,606,009 TOTAL   6,382,440   7,871,359           TOTAL ASSETS   $45,318,206   $45,904,434           See Notes to Financial Statements.         20 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $333,709   $364,900 Notes payable and commercial paper   1,323,390   415,011 Accounts payable   1,149,498   1,285,577 Customer deposits   403,842   403,311 Taxes accrued   122,282   181,114 Interest accrued   173,308   187,229 Deferred fuel costs   104,920   102,753 Obligations under capital leases   2,721   2,423 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   73,317   76,942 Other   192,056   180,836 TOTAL   3,879,043   3,200,096           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   7,561,382   7,495,290 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   224,338   227,147 Obligations under capital leases   23,573   24,582 Other regulatory liabilities   1,554,605   1,572,929 Decommissioning and asset retirement cost liabilities   6,078,576   5,992,476 Accumulated provisions   477,281   481,636 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   2,953,206   3,036,010 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $637,342 as of March 31, 2017 and $661,175 as of December 31, 2016)   13,927,204   14,467,655 Other   378,624   1,121,619 TOTAL   33,178,789   34,419,344           Commitments and Contingencies                   Subsidiaries' preferred stock without sinking fund   203,185   203,185           SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY         Common stock, $.01 par value, authorized 500,000,000 shares; issued 254,752,788 shares in 2017 and in 2016   2,548   2,548 Paid-in capital   5,398,079   5,417,245 Retained earnings   8,122,103   8,195,571 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)    10,960   (34,971 ) Less - treasury stock, at cost (75,319,784 shares in 2017 and 75,623,363 shares in 2016)   5,476,501   5,498,584 TOTAL   8,057,189   8,081,809           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY   $45,318,206   $45,904,434           See Notes to Financial Statements.         21 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)             Common Shareholders’ Equity   Subsidiaries’ Preferred Stock   Common Stock   Treasury Stock   Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Total   (In Thousands)                             Balance at December 31, 2015 $—   $2,548   ($5,552,379 )   $5,403,758   $9,393,913   $8,951   $9,256,791                             Consolidated net income  (a) 5,276   —   —   —   229,966   —   235,242 Other comprehensive income —   —   —   —   —   20,841   20,841 Common stock issuances related to stock plans —   —   24,184   (18,996 )   —   —   5,188 Common stock dividends declared —   —   —   —   (151,839 )   —   (151,839 ) Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries (a) (5,276 )   —   —   —   —   —   (5,276 )                             Balance at March 31, 2016 $—   $2,548   ($5,528,195 )   $5,384,762   $9,472,040   $29,792   $9,360,947                                                         Balance at December 31, 2016 $—   $2,548   ($5,498,584 )   $5,417,245   $8,195,571   ($34,971 )   $8,081,809                             Consolidated net income (a) 3,446   —   —   —   82,605   —   86,051 Other comprehensive income —   —   —   —   —   45,931   45,931 Common stock issuances related to stock plans —   —   22,083   (19,166 )   —   —   2,917 Common stock dividends declared —   —   —   —   (156,073 )   —   (156,073 ) Preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries (a) (3,446 )   —   —   —   —   —   (3,446 )                             Balance at March 31, 2017 $—   $2,548   ($5,476,501 )   $5,398,079   $8,122,103   $10,960   $8,057,189                             See Notes to Financial Statements.                           (a) Consolidated net income and preferred dividend requirements of subsidiaries for 2017 and 2016 include $3.4 million and $5.3 million, respectively, of preferred dividends on subsidiaries’ preferred stock without sinking fund that is not presented within equity. 22 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)                   Three Months Ended   Increase/     Description   2017   2016   (Decrease)   %   (Dollars in Millions)     Utility electric operating revenues:                 Residential   $705   $744   ($39 )   (5 ) Commercial   536   538   (2 )   — Industrial   565   560   5   1 Governmental   53   51   2   4 Total retail   1,859   1,893   (34 )   (2 ) Sales for resale   78   55   23   42 Other   55   94   (39 )   (41 ) Total   $1,992   $2,042   ($50 )   (2 )                 Utility billed electric energy sales (GWh):                 Residential   7,637   8,137   (500 )   (6 ) Commercial   6,439   6,511   (72 )   (1 ) Industrial   11,117   11,055   62   1 Governmental   593   600   (7 )   (1 ) Total retail   25,786   26,303   (517 )   (2 ) Sales for resale   3,022   3,140   (118 )   (4 ) Total   28,808   29,443   (635 )   (2 )                 Entergy Wholesale Commodities:                 Operating revenues   $553   $522   $31   6 Billed electric energy sales (GWh)   8,363   9,246   (883 )   (10 ) 23 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) NOTE 1.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal, regulatory, and tax proceedings before various courts, regulatory commissions, and governmental agencies in the ordinary course of business.  While management is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of such proceedings, management does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on Entergy’s results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, except as otherwise discussed in the Form 10-K or in this report.  Entergy discusses regulatory proceedings in Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K and herein and discusses tax proceedings in Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K and Note 10 to the financial statements herein. Vidalia Purchased Power Agreement See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy Louisiana’s Vidalia purchased power agreement.      ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the ANO stator incident, subsequent NRC reviews, and the deferral of replacement power costs.  Pilgrim NRC Oversight and Planned Shutdown   See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the NRC’s enhanced inspections of Pilgrim and Entergy’s planned shutdown of Pilgrim no later than June 1, 2019.  Spent Nuclear Fuel Litigation See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy’s spent nuclear fuel litigation. Nuclear Insurance See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on nuclear liability and property insurance associated with Entergy’s nuclear power plants.   Conventional Property Insurance See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy’s non-nuclear property insurance program. Employment and Labor-related Proceedings See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information on Entergy’s employment and labor-related proceedings. 24 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Asbestos Litigation   (Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas) See Note 8 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information regarding asbestos litigation. NOTE 2.  RATE AND REGULATORY MATTERS   (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy)    Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for information regarding regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities in the Utility business presented on the balance sheets of Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries.  The following are updates to that discussion.  Fuel and purchased power cost recovery Entergy Arkansas Energy Cost Recovery Rider In March 2017, Entergy Arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from  $0.01164  per kWh to  $0.01547  per kWh.  The APSC staff filed testimony in March 2017 recommending that the redetermined rate should be implemented with the first billing cycle of April 2017 under the normal operation of the tariff.  Accordingly, the redetermined rate went into effect on March 31, 2017 pursuant to the tariff.  Entergy Louisiana As discussed in the Form 10-K, in June 2016 the LPSC staff provided notice of audits of Entergy Louisiana’s fuel adjustment clause filings and purchased gas adjustment clause filings.  Discovery commenced in March 2017.   Entergy Mississippi Mississippi Attorney General Complaint As discussed in the Form 10-K, the Mississippi attorney general filed a complaint in state court in December 2008 against Entergy Corporation, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy Services, and Entergy Power.  The defendants have denied the allegations.  Discovery is currently in progress.   Entergy Texas As discussed in the Form 10-K, in July 2016, Entergy Texas filed an application to reconcile its fuel and purchased power costs for the period April 1, 2013 through March 31, 2016.  In December 2016, Entergy Texas entered into a stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in a  $6 million  disallowance not associated with any particular issue raised and a refund of the over-recovery balance of  $21 million  as of November 30, 2016, to most customers beginning April 2017 through June 2017.  The fuel reconciliation settlement was approved by the PUCT in March 2017. Retail Rate Proceedings See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for detailed information regarding retail rate proceedings involving the Utility operating companies.  The following are updates to that information. 25 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Filings with the APSC 2016 Formula Rate Plan Filing      As discussed in the Form 10-K, Entergy Arkansas is required to make a supplemental filing supporting the recovery of certain nuclear costs.  In April 2017, Entergy Arkansas filed a motion consented to by all parties requesting that it be permitted to submit its supplemental filing in conjunction with its 2017 formula rate plan filing, scheduled to be made in July 2017. Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in September 2016, Entergy Arkansas filed an application seeking a finding from the APSC that Entergy Arkansas’s deployment of advanced metering infrastructure is in the public interest. This matter is pending before the APSC. Filings with the LPSC Retail Rates - Electric 2015 Formula Rate Plan Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in May 2016, Entergy Louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2015 calendar year operations.  The LPSC’s review is pending.  Also, in November 2016, Entergy Louisiana filed with the LPSC a request to extend the MISO cost recovery mechanism rider provision of its formula rate plan.  A procedural schedule was established, including a hearing in July 2017.  In March 2017 the LPSC staff submitted direct testimony generally supportive of a one-year extension of the MISO cost recovery mechanism and the intervenor in the proceeding does not oppose an extension for this period of time.  Waterford 3 Replacement Steam Generator Project See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Waterford 3 replacement steam generator project prudence review proceeding.  The refund to customers of approximately  $71 million  as a result of the settlement approved by the LPSC was made to customers in January 2017. Union Power Station As a term of the LPSC-approved settlement authorizing the purchase of Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station, Entergy Louisiana agreed to make a filing with the LPSC to review its decisions to deactivate Ninemile 3 and Willow Glen 2 and 4 and its decision to retire Little Gypsy 1.  In January 2016, Entergy Louisiana made its compliance filing with the LPSC.  Entergy Louisiana, LPSC staff, and intervenors participated in a technical conference in March 2016 where Entergy Louisiana presented information on its deactivation/retirement decisions for these four units in addition to information on the current deactivation decisions for the ten-year planning horizon.  Parties have requested further proceedings on the prudence of the decision to deactivate Willow Glen 2 and 4.  No party contests the prudence of the decision to deactivate Willow Glen 2 and 4 or suggests reactivation of these units; however, issues have been raised related to Entergy Louisiana’s decision to retire Willow Glen 2 and 4, as opposed to temporarily suspending those units.  This matter is pending before an ALJ, with an evidentiary hearing scheduled to commence in July 2017.  The ALJ recently dismissed claims of an industrial user regarding a proposed process for future deactivation because the LPSC initiated a generic rulemaking to consider whether the LPSC should review deactivation decisions prior to implementation.  26 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Retail Rates - Gas   2016 Rate Stabilization Plan Filing In January 2017, Entergy Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended September 30, 2016.  The filing of the evaluation report for test year 2016 reflected an earned return on common equity of  6.37% .  As part of the original filing, pursuant to the extraordinary cost provision of the rate stabilization plan, Entergy Louisiana sought to recover approximately  $1.5 million  in deferred operation and maintenance expenses incurred to restore service and repair damage resulting from flooding and widespread rainfall in southeast Louisiana that occurred in August 2016.  Entergy Louisiana requested to recover the prudently incurred August 2016 storm restoration costs over ten years, outside of the rate stabilization plan sharing provisions.  As a result, Entergy Louisiana’s filing sought an annual increase in revenue of  $1.4 million .  Following review of the filing, except for the proposed extraordinary cost recovery, the LPSC staff confirmed Entergy Louisiana’s filing was consistent with the principles and requirements of the rate stabilization plan.  The extraordinary cost recovery request associated with the 2016 flood-related deferred operation and maintenance expenses incurred for gas operations was removed from the rate stabilization plan pending LPSC consideration in a separate docket.  In April 2017 the LPSC approved a joint report of proceedings and Entergy Louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report reflecting a  $1.2 million  annual increase in revenue with rates implemented with the first billing cycle of May 2017. Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in November 2016, Entergy Louisiana filed an application seeking a finding from the LPSC that Entergy Louisiana’s deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest. This matter is pending before an ALJ, and an evidentiary hearing is scheduled for September 2017. Filings with the MPSC Formula Rate Plan In March 2017, Entergy Mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2017 test year filing and 2016 look-back filing showing Entergy Mississippi’s earned return for the historical 2016 calendar year and projected earned return for the 2017 calendar year to be within the formula rate plan bandwidth, resulting in no change in rates.  The filing is currently subject to MPSC review.    Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in November 2016, Entergy Mississippi filed an application seeking a finding from the MPSC that Entergy Mississippi’s deployment of advanced metering infrastructure is in the public interest.  In May 2017 the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff and Entergy Mississippi entered into and filed a joint stipulation supporting Entergy Mississippi’s filing, and the MPSC issued an order approving the filing without any material changes, finding that Entergy Mississippi’s deployment of AMI is in the public interest and granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity.  The MPSC order also confirmed that Entergy Mississippi shall continue to include in rate base the remaining book value of existing meters that will be retired as part of the AMI deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates.   Filings with the City Council  Retail Rates As discussed in the Form 10-K, in February 2017, Entergy New Orleans filed a proposed implementation plan for the Energy Smart program from April 2017 through March 2020.  As part of the proposal, Entergy New Orleans requested that the City Council identify its desired level of funding for the program during this time period and approve  27 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements a cost recovery mechanism.  In April 2017 the City Council approved an implementation plan for the Energy Smart program from April 2017 through December 2019.  The City Council directed that the  $11.8 million  balance reported for Energy Smart funds be used to continue funding the program for Entergy New Orleans’s legacy customers and that the Energy Smart Algiers program continue to be funded through the Algiers fuel adjustment clause, until additional customer funding is required for the legacy customers.  The City Council ordered Entergy New Orleans to submit a supplemental and amended implementation plan for program years 8 and 9 of the Energy Smart program (January 2018 through December 2019) in October 2017.  Following that filing, the City Council will determine a specific cost recovery mechanism for the program for both legacy and Algiers customers.  The City Council will not permit Entergy New Orleans to recover lost contribution to fixed costs for program years 7, 8, or 9 of the Energy Smart program.  Internal Restructuring      As discussed in the Form 10-K, in July 2016, Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the City Council seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of Entergy New Orleans to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing Entergy subsidiary holding company.  In May 2017 the City Council adopted a resolution approving the proposed internal restructuring pursuant to an agreement in principle with the City Council advisors and certain intervenors.  Pursuant to the agreement in principle, Entergy New Orleans will credit retail customers  $10 million  in 2017,  $1.4 million  in the first quarter of the year after the transaction closes, and  $117,500  each month in the second year after the transaction closes until such time as new base rates go into effect as a result of the anticipated 2018 base rate case.  Additionally, if the FERC approves the transaction prior to December 31, 2018, Entergy New Orleans will credit retail customers  $5 million  in each of the years 2018, 2019, and 2020. Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in October 2016, Entergy New Orleans filed an application seeking a finding from the City Council that Entergy New Orleans’s deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest.  In April 2017, Entergy New Orleans received intervenor testimony that is generally supportive of AMI deployment.   The City Council’s advisors are scheduled to file testimony in May 2017, and a hearing is currently set for July 2017.        Filings with the PUCT   Other Filings In September 2016, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a request to amend its transmission cost recovery factor (TCRF) rider.  The proposed amended TCRF rider is designed to collect approximately  $29.5 million  annually from Entergy Texas’s retail customers.  This amount includes the approximately  $10.5 million  annually that Entergy Texas is currently authorized to collect through the TCRF rider.  In September 2016 the PUCT suspended the effective date of the tariff change to March 2017.  In December 2016, Entergy Texas and the PUCT reached a settlement agreeing to the amended TCRF annual revenue requirement of  $29.5 million .  The PUCT approved the settlement and issued a final order in March 2017.  Entergy Texas implemented the amended TCRF rider beginning with bills covering usage on and after March 20, 2017. System Agreement Cost Equalization Proceedings See the Form 10-K for a discussion of the litigation involving the System Agreement at the FERC and in federal courts.  Entergy Arkansas Opportunity Sales Proceedings See the Form 10-K for a discussion of the proceeding initiated at the FERC by the LPSC in June 2009.   28 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Complaint Against System Energy In January 2017 the APSC and MPSC filed a complaint with the FERC against System Energy.  The complaint seeks a reduction in the return on equity component of the Unit Power Sales Agreement pursuant to which System Energy sells its Grand Gulf capacity and energy to Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans. Entergy Arkansas also sells some of its Grand Gulf capacity and energy to Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans under separate agreements.  The current return on equity under the Unit Power Sales Agreement is  10.94% .  The complaint alleges that the return on equity is unjust and unreasonable because current capital market and other considerations indicate that it is excessive.  The complaint requests the FERC to institute proceedings to investigate the return on equity and establish a lower return on equity, and also requests that the FERC establish January 23, 2017, as a refund effective date.  The complaint includes return on equity analysis that purports to establish that the range of reasonable return on equity for System Energy is between  8.37%  and  8.67% .  System Energy answered the complaint in February 2017 and disputes that a return on equity of 8.37% to 8.67% is just and reasonable.  The City of New Orleans filed comments in February 2017 supporting the complaint.  System Energy is recording a provision against revenue for the potential outcome of this proceeding.  Action by the FERC is pending. NOTE 3.  EQUITY (Entergy Corporation and Entergy Louisiana) Common Stock Earnings per Share The following table presents Entergy’s basic and diluted earnings per share calculations included on the consolidated income statements:   For the Three Months Ended March 31,   2017   2016   (In Millions, Except Per Share Data) Basic earnings per share Income   Shares   $/share   Income   Shares   $/share Net income attributable to Entergy Corporation $82.6   179.3   $0.46   $230.0   178.6   $1.29 Average dilutive effect of:                       Stock options     0.1   —       0.1   — Other equity plans     0.4   —       0.3   (0.01 ) Diluted earnings per share $82.6   179.8   $0.46   $230.0   179.0   $1.28      The number of stock options not included in the calculation of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive effect was approximately  4.9 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2017  and approximately  6.1 million  for the  three months ended March 31, 2016 . Entergy’s stock options and other equity compensation plans are discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements herein and in Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K. Treasury Stock During the  three months ended March 31, 2017 , Entergy Corporation issued  303,579  shares of its previously repurchased common stock to satisfy stock option exercises, vesting of shares of restricted stock, and other stock-based awards.  Entergy Corporation did not repurchase any of its common stock during the  three months ended March 31, 2017 . 29 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Retained Earnings On April 5, 2017, Entergy Corporation’s Board of Directors declared a common stock dividend of  $0.87  per share, payable on June 1, 2017, to holders of record as of May 11, 2017.                     Comprehensive Income Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is included in the equity section of the balance sheets of Entergy and Entergy Louisiana.  The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for Entergy for the  three months ended March 31, 2017  by component:   Cash flow hedges net unrealized gain (loss)   Pension and other postretirement liabilities   Net unrealized investment gain (loss)   Foreign currency translation   Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (In Thousands) Beginning balance, January 1, 2017 $3,993   ($469,446 )   $429,734   $748   ($34,971 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 32,608   —   39,872   —   72,480 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (33,136 )   8,632   (2,045 )   —   (26,549 ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) for the period (528 )   8,632   37,827   —   45,931 Ending balance, March 31, 2017 $3,465   ($460,814 )   $467,561   $748   $10,960 The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for Entergy for the  three months ended March 31, 2016  by component:   Cash flow hedges net unrealized gain (loss)   Pension and other postretirement liabilities   Net unrealized investment gain (loss)   Foreign currency translation   Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (In Thousands) Beginning balance, January 1, 2016 $105,970   ($466,604 )   $367,557   $2,028   $8,951 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 90,307   —   25,032   (284 )   115,055 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (99,813 )   7,562   (1,963 )   —   (94,214 ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) for the period (9,506 )   7,562   23,069   (284 )   20,841 Ending balance, March 31, 2016 $96,464   ($459,042 )   $390,626   $1,744   $29,792       30 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for Entergy Louisiana for the  three months ended March 31, 2017  and 2016:     Pension and Other Postretirement Liabilities     2017   2016     (In Thousands) Beginning balance, January 1,   ($48,442 )   ($56,412 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   (370 )   (263 ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) for the period   (370 )   (263 ) Ending balance, March 31,   ($48,812 )   ($56,675 )                 Total reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) for Entergy for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows: Amounts reclassified  from AOCI Income Statement Location   2017   2016     (In Thousands) Cash flow hedges net unrealized gain (loss)        Power contracts $51,227   $153,958 Competitive business operating revenues    Interest rate swaps (250 )   (400 ) Miscellaneous - net Total realized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 50,977   153,558 (17,841 )   (53,745 ) Income taxes Total realized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges (net of tax) $33,136   $99,813     Pension and other postretirement liabilities        Amortization of prior-service credit $6,562   $7,355 (a)    Amortization of loss (21,571 )   (15,175 ) (a) Total amortization (15,009 )   (7,820 ) 6,377   258 Income taxes Total amortization (net of tax) ($8,632 )   ($7,562 )     Net unrealized investment gain (loss)     Realized gain (loss) $4,010   $3,850 Interest and investment income (1,965 )   (1,887 ) Income taxes Total realized investment gain (loss) (net of tax) $2,045   $1,963     Total reclassifications for the period (net of tax) $26,549   $94,214 (a) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and other postretirement cost.  See Note 6 to the financial statements herein for additional details.                     31 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Total reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) for Entergy Louisiana for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows:     Amounts reclassified from AOCI   Income Statement Location     2017   2016         (In Thousands)     Pension and other postretirement liabilities                Amortization of prior-service credit   $1,934   $1,947   (a)    Amortization of loss   (1,332 )   (1,569 )   (a) Total amortization   602   378         (232 )   (115 )   Income taxes Total amortization (net of tax)   370   263                   Total reclassifications for the period (net of tax)   $370   $263     (a) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and other postretirement cost.  See Note 6 to the financial statements herein for additional details. NOTE 4.  REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITIES, LINES OF CREDIT, SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS, AND LONG-TERM DEBT   (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Entergy Corporation has in place a credit facility that has a borrowing capacity of  $3.5 billion  and expires in August 2021.  Entergy Corporation also has the ability to issue letters of credit against  50%  of the total borrowing capacity of the credit facility.  The commitment fee is currently  0.225%  of the undrawn commitment amount.  Commitment fees and interest rates on loans under the credit facility can fluctuate depending on the senior unsecured debt ratings of Entergy Corporation.  The weighted average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2017  was  2.29%  on the drawn portion of the facility.  Following is a summary of the borrowings outstanding and capacity available under the facility as of  March 31, 2017 . Capacity    Borrowings   Letters of Credit   Capacity Available (In Millions) $3,500   $225   $6   $3,269 Entergy Corporation’s credit facility requires Entergy to maintain a consolidated debt ratio, as defined, of  65%  or less of its total capitalization.  Entergy is in compliance with this covenant.  If Entergy fails to meet this ratio, or if Entergy Corporation or one of the Utility operating companies (except Entergy New Orleans) defaults on other indebtedness or is in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, an acceleration of the facility maturity date may occur. Entergy Corporation has a commercial paper program with a Board-approved program limit of up to  $1.5 billion .  At  March 31, 2017 , Entergy Corporation had  $1.1 billion  of commercial paper outstanding.  The weighted-average interest rate for the  three months ended March 31, 2017  was  1.33% . 32 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas each had credit facilities available as of  March 31, 2017  as follows: Company   Expiration Date   Amount of Facility   Interest Rate (a)   Amount Drawn as of March 31, 2017 Letters of Credit Outstanding as of March 31, 2017 Entergy Arkansas   April 2017   $20 million (b)   2.23%   $— $— Entergy Arkansas   August 2021   $150 million (c)   2.23%   $— $— Entergy Louisiana   August 2021   $350 million (d)   2.23%   $— $3.4 million Entergy Mississippi   May 2017   $37.5 million (e)   2.48%   $— $— Entergy Mississippi   May 2017   $35 million (e)   2.48%   $— $— Entergy Mississippi   May 2017   $20 million (e)   2.48%   $— $— Entergy Mississippi   May 2017   $10 million (e)   2.48%   $— $— Entergy New Orleans   November 2018   $25 million (f)   2.46%   $— $0.8 million Entergy Texas   August 2021   $150 million (g)   2.48%   $— $4.7 million (a) The interest rate is the rate as of  March 31, 2017  that would most likely apply to outstanding borrowings under the facility. (b) Borrowings under the Entergy Arkansas credit facility may be secured by a security interest in its accounts receivable at Entergy Arkansas’s option.  In April 2017, Entergy Arkansas renewed its credit facility through April 2018. (c) The credit facility allows Entergy Arkansas to issue letters of credit against  50%  of the borrowing capacity of the facility.   (d) The credit facility allows Entergy Louisiana to issue letters of credit against  50%  of the borrowing capacity of the facility.   (e) Borrowings under the Entergy Mississippi credit facilities may be secured by a security interest in its accounts receivable at Entergy Mississippi’s option.  Entergy Mississippi expects to renew its credit facilities prior to expiration. (f) The credit facility allows Entergy New Orleans to issue letters of credit against  $10 million  of the borrowing capacity of the facility.   (g) The credit facility allows Entergy Texas to issue letters of credit against  50%  of the borrowing capacity of the facility.   The commitment fees on the credit facilities range from  0.075%  to  0.275%  of the undrawn commitment amount.  Each of the credit facilities requires the Registrant Subsidiary borrower to maintain a debt ratio, as defined, of 65% or less of its total capitalization.  Each Registrant Subsidiary is in compliance with this covenant. 33 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements In addition, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas each entered into one or more uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  Following is a summary of the uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities as of  March 31, 2017 : Company   Amount of  Uncommitted Facility   Letter of Credit Fee   Letters of Credit Issued as of        March 31, 2017 (a) Entergy Arkansas   $25 million   0.70%   $1.0 million Entergy Louisiana   $125 million    0.70%   $15.8 million Entergy Mississippi   $40 million   0.70%   $7.1 million Entergy New Orleans   $15 million   1.00%   $1.0 million Entergy Texas   $50 million   0.70%   $27.6 million (a)  As of March 31 2017, letters of credit posted with MISO covered financial transmission rights exposure of  $0.2 million  for Entergy Arkansas and  $0.1 million  for Entergy Mississippi.  See Note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of financial transmission rights. The short-term borrowings of the Registrant Subsidiaries are limited to amounts authorized by the FERC.  The current FERC-authorized limits are effective through October 31, 2017.  In addition to borrowings from commercial banks, these companies may also borrow from the Entergy System money pool and from other internal short-term borrowing arrangements.  The money pool and the other internal borrowing arrangements  are inter-company borrowing arrangements designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ dependence on external short-term borrowings.  Borrowings from internal and external short term borrowings combined may not exceed the FERC-authorized limits.  The following are the FERC-authorized limits for short-term borrowings and the outstanding short-term borrowings as of  March 31, 2017  (aggregating both internal and external short-term borrowings) for the Registrant Subsidiaries:   Authorized   Borrowings   (In Millions) Entergy Arkansas $250   $31 Entergy Louisiana  $450    $— Entergy Mississippi $175   $12 Entergy New Orleans $100   $— Entergy Texas $200   $29 System Energy $200   $— Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee Credit Facilities   Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee has a credit facility guaranteed by Entergy Corporation with a borrowing capacity of  $100 million  which expires in January 2018.  Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee does not have the ability to issue letters of credit against the credit facility.  This facility provides working capital to Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee for general business purposes including, without limitation, the decommissioning of Vermont Yankee. The commitment fee is currently  0.20%  of the undrawn commitment amount.   As of  March 31, 2017 ,  $58 million  in cash borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility.  The weighted average interest rate for the three months ended  March 31, 2017  was  2.32%  on the drawn portion of the facility.  Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee also has an uncommitted credit facility guaranteed by Entergy Corporation with a borrowing capacity of  $85 million  which expires in January 2018.  Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee does not have the ability to issue letters of credit against the credit facility.  This facility provides an additional funding source to Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee for general business purposes including, without limitation, the decommissioning of Vermont Yankee.  As of  March 31, 2017 , there were no cash borrowings outstanding under the credit facility.  The  34 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements rate as of  March 31, 2017   that would most likely apply to outstanding borrowings under the facility was  2.48%  on the drawn portion of the facility. Variable Interest Entities  (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy) See Note 17 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the consolidation of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities (VIEs).  To finance the acquisition and ownership of nuclear fuel, the nuclear fuel company VIEs have credit facilities and three of the four VIEs also issue commercial paper as of  March 31, 2017  as follows: Company   Expiration Date    Amount of Facility   Weighted Average Interest Rate on Borrowings (a)   Amount Outstanding as of March 31, 2017       (Dollars in Millions) Entergy Arkansas VIE   May 2019   $80   2.34%   $52.3 (b) Entergy Louisiana River Bend VIE   May 2019   $105   1.98%   $18.8 Entergy Louisiana Waterford VIE   May 2019   $85   2.25%   $72.5 (b) System Energy VIE   May 2019   $120   2.28%   $110.7 (b) (a) Includes letter of credit fees and bank fronting fees on commercial paper issuances by the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities for Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy. The nuclear fuel company variable interest entity for Entergy Louisiana River Bend does not issue commercial paper, but borrows directly on its bank credit facility. (b) Commercial paper, classified as a current liability. The commitment fees on the credit facilities are  0.10%  of the undrawn commitment amount for the Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy VIEs.  Each credit facility requires the respective lessee of nuclear fuel (Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, or Entergy Corporation as guarantor for System Energy) to maintain a consolidated debt ratio, as defined, of  70%  or less of its total capitalization. The nuclear fuel company variable interest entities had notes payable that are included in debt on the respective balance sheets as of  March 31, 2017  as follows: Company   Description   Amount Entergy Arkansas VIE   2.62% Series K due December 2017   $60 million Entergy Arkansas VIE   3.65% Series L due July 2021   $90 million Entergy Arkansas VIE   3.17% Series M due December 2023   $40 million  Entergy Louisiana River Bend VIE   3.25% Series Q due July 2017   $75 million  Entergy Louisiana River Bend VIE   3.38% Series R due August 2020   $70 million Entergy Louisiana Waterford VIE   3.25% Series G due July 2017   $25 million Entergy Louisiana Waterford VIE   3.92% Series H due February 2021   $40 million Entergy Louisiana Waterford VIE   3.22% Series I due December 2023   $20 million System Energy VIE   3.78% Series I due October 2018   $85 million In accordance with regulatory treatment, interest on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ credit facilities, commercial paper, and long-term notes payable is reported in fuel expense. 35 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Debt Issuances and Retirements   (System Energy) In February 2017 the System Energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity paid, at maturity, its  $50 million  of  4.02%  Series H notes. Fair Value The book value and the fair value of long-term debt for Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries as of  March 31, 2017  are as follows:   Book Value of Long-Term Debt   Fair Value of Long-Term Debt (a) (b)   (In Thousands) Entergy $14,260,913   $14,435,145 Entergy Arkansas $2,830,478   $2,676,887 Entergy Louisiana $5,775,355   $5,987,581 Entergy Mississippi $1,121,139   $1,109,658 Entergy New Orleans $449,134   $465,593 Entergy Texas $1,484,583   $1,575,584 System Energy $501,215   $483,464 (a) The values exclude lease obligations of  $34 million  at System Energy and long-term DOE obligations of  $182 million  at Entergy Arkansas, and include debt due within one year. (b) Fair values are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements herein and are based on prices derived from inputs such as benchmark yields and reported trades. The book value and the fair value of long-term debt for Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2016  were as follows:   Book Value of Long-Term Debt   Fair Value of Long-Term Debt (a) (b)   (In Thousands) Entergy $14,832,555   $14,815,535 Entergy Arkansas $2,829,785   $2,623,910 Entergy Louisiana $5,812,791   $5,929,488 Entergy Mississippi $1,120,916   $1,086,203 Entergy New Orleans $448,994   $455,459 Entergy Texas $1,508,407   $1,600,156 System Energy $551,132   $529,520 (a) The values exclude lease obligations of  $57 million  at Entergy Louisiana and  $34 million  at System Energy and long-term DOE obligations of  $182 million  at Entergy Arkansas, and include debt due within one year. (b) Fair values are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements herein and are based on prices derived from inputs such as benchmark yields and reported trades. 36 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 5.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Entergy Corporation) Entergy grants stock and stock-based awards, which are described more fully in Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Awards under Entergy’s plans generally vest over  three  years. Effective January 1, 2017, Entergy adopted ASU 2016-09, which permits the election of an accounting policy change to the method of recognizing forfeitures of stock-based compensation.  Previously, Entergy recorded an estimate of the number of forfeitures expected to occur each period.  Entergy elected to change this policy to account for forfeitures when they occur.  This accounting change was applied retrospectively, but did not result in an adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2017. Stock Options Entergy granted options on  791,900  shares of its common stock under the 2015 Equity Ownership Plan during the first quarter 2017 with a weighted-average fair value of  $6.54  per option.  As of   March 31, 2017 , there were options on  6,263,626  shares of common stock outstanding with a weighted-average exercise price of  $81.50 .  The intrinsic value, which has no effect on net income, of the outstanding stock options is calculated by the positive difference between the weighted average exercise price of the stock options granted and Entergy Corporation’s common stock price as of  March 31, 2017 .  Because Entergy’s stock price at  March 31, 2017  was less than the weighted average exercise price, the aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding as of  March 31, 2017  was zero.  The intrinsic value of all “in the money” stock options was  $19.8 million  as of  March 31, 2017 .                  The following table includes financial information for outstanding stock options for the  three months ended March 31, 2017  and  2016 :   2017   2016   (In Millions) Compensation expense included in Entergy’s net income $1.1   $1.1 Tax benefit recognized in Entergy’s net income $0.4   $0.4 Compensation cost capitalized as part of fixed assets and inventory $0.2   $0.2 Other Equity Awards In January 2017 the Board approved and Entergy granted  379,850  restricted stock awards and  220,450  long-term incentive awards under the 2015 Equity Ownership Plan.  The restricted stock awards were made effective as of January 26, 2017 and were valued at  $70.53  per share, which was the closing price of Entergy’s common stock on that date.  One-third of the restricted stock awards will vest upon each anniversary of the grant date.  In addition, long-term incentive awards were granted in the form of performance units that represent the value of, and are settled with, one share of Entergy Corporation common stock at the end of the three-year performance period, plus dividends accrued during the performance period on the number of performance units earned.  The performance units were granted effective as of January 26, 2017 and were valued at  $71.40  per share.  Entergy considers various factors, primarily market conditions, in determining the value of the performance units.  Shares of restricted stock have the same dividend and voting rights as other common stock, are considered issued and outstanding shares of Entergy upon vesting, and are expensed ratably over the  3 -year vesting period.  Performance units have the same dividend rights as shares of Entergy common stock, are considered issued and outstanding shares of Entergy upon vesting, and are expensed ratably over the  3 -year vesting period.         37 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The following table includes financial information for other outstanding equity awards for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 :   2017   2016   (In Millions) Compensation expense included in Entergy’s net income $8.2   $8.4 Tax benefit recognized in Entergy’s net income $3.1   $3.2 Compensation cost capitalized as part of fixed assets and inventory $2.0   $1.8 NOTE 6.  RETIREMENT AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Components of Qualified Net Pension Cost         Entergy’s qualified pension cost, including amounts capitalized, for the first quarters of 2017 and 2016, included the following components:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period $33,410   $35,811 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 65,206   65,403 Expected return on assets (102,056 )   (97,366 ) Amortization of prior service cost 65   270 Amortization of loss 56,930   48,824 Net pension costs $53,555   $52,942                                                     The Registrant Subsidiaries’ qualified pension cost, including amounts capitalized, for their employees for the first quarters of 2017 and 2016, included the following components: 2017   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $5,090   $6,925   $1,472   $625   $1,364   $1,536 Interest cost on projects benefit obligation   12,944   14,809   3,732   1,791   3,392   3,091 Expected return on assets   (20,427 )   (23,017 )   (6,131 )   (2,800 )   (6,180 )   (4,663 ) Amortization of loss   11,640   12,354   3,053   1,658   2,310   2,964 Net pension cost   $9,247   $11,071   $2,126   $1,274   $886   $2,928 38 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2016   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $5,181   $7,049   $1,562   $656   $1,416   $1,566 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation   13,055   14,870   3,811   1,814   3,557   2,992 Expected return on assets   (19,772 )   (22,096 )   (5,981 )   (2,687 )   (6,062 )   (4,459 ) Amortization of loss   10,936   11,946   2,985   1,615   2,340   2,604 Net pension cost   $9,400   $11,769   $2,377   $1,398   $1,251   $2,703 Non-Qualified Net Pension Cost Entergy recognized  $4.6 million  and  $4.3 million  in pension cost for its non-qualified pension plans in the  first  quarters of  2017  and  2016 , respectively.                     The Registrant Subsidiaries recognized the following pension cost for their employees for their non-qualified pension plans in the first quarters of 2017 and 2016:   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   (In Thousands) First quarter 2017 $105   $48   $64   $18   $127 First quarter 2016 $106   $59   $59   $16   $127 Components of Net Other Postretirement Benefit Cost         Entergy’s other postretirement benefit cost, including amounts capitalized, for the first quarters of 2017 and 2016, included the following components:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period $6,729   $8,073 Interest cost on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) 13,960   14,083 Expected return on assets (9,408 )   (10,455 ) Amortization of prior service credit (10,356 )   (11,373 ) Amortization of loss 5,476   4,554 Net other postretirement benefit cost $6,401   $4,882                                                     39 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The Registrant Subsidiaries’ other postretirement benefit cost, including amounts capitalized, for their employees for the first quarters of 2017 and 2016, included the following components:   2017   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $863   $1,593   $290   $142   $372   $320 Interest cost on APBO   2,255   3,025   690   469   1,124   559 Expected return on assets   (3,959 )   —   (1,200 )   (1,159 )   (2,180 )   (717 ) Amortization of prior service credit   (1,278 )   (1,934 )   (456 )   (186 )   (579 )   (378 ) Amortization of loss   1,115   465   419   105   826   390 Net other postretirement benefit cost   ($1,004 )   $3,149   ($257 )   ($629 )   ($437 )   $174 2016   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy     (In Thousands) Service cost - benefits earned during the period   $978   $1,869   $386   $156   $398   $334 Interest cost on APBO   2,324   3,260   709   448   1,039   529 Expected return on assets   (4,464 )   —   (1,379 )   (1,154 )   (2,394 )   (814 ) Amortization of prior service credit   (1,368 )   (1,947 )   (234 )   (186 )   (681 )   (393 ) Amortization of loss   1,064   731   223   37   537   287 Net other postretirement benefit cost   ($1,466 )   $3,913   ($295 )   ($699 )   ($1,101 )   ($57 )                                     Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Entergy and Entergy Louisiana reclassified the following costs out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (before taxes and including amounts capitalized) for the first quarters of 2017 and 2016: 2017 Qualified Pension Costs Other Postretirement Costs Non-Qualified Pension Costs Total (In Thousands) Entergy Amortization of prior service (cost)/credit ($65 ) $6,717 ($90 ) $6,562 Amortization of loss (18,450 ) (2,202 ) (919 ) (21,571 ) ($18,515 ) $4,515 ($1,009 ) ($15,009 ) Entergy Louisiana Amortization of prior service credit $— $1,934 $— $1,934 Amortization of loss (865 ) (465 ) (2 ) (1,332 ) ($865 ) $1,469 ($2 ) $602 40 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2016   Qualified Pension Costs   Other Postretirement Costs   Non-Qualified Pension Costs   Total     (In Thousands)     Entergy                 Amortization of prior service (cost)/credit   ($270 )   $7,738   ($113 )   $7,355 Amortization of loss   (12,482 )   (2,063 )   (630 )   (15,175 )     ($12,752 )   $5,675   ($743 )   ($7,820 ) Entergy Louisiana                 Amortization of prior service credit   $—   $1,947   $—   $1,947 Amortization of loss   (836 )   (731 )   (2 )   (1,569 )     ($836 )   $1,216   ($2 )   $378 Employer Contributions Based on current assumptions, Entergy expects to contribute  $409.9 million  to its qualified pension plans in 2017.  As of  March 31, 2017 , Entergy had contributed  $84.2 million  to its pension plans.  Based on current assumptions, the Registrant Subsidiaries expect to contribute the following to qualified pension plans for their employees in  2017 :   Entergy Arkansas   Entergy Louisiana   Entergy Mississippi   Entergy New Orleans   Entergy Texas   System Energy   (In Thousands) Expected 2017 pension contributions $79,495   $87,923   $19,146   $9,920   $17,064   $18,180 Pension contributions made through March 2017 $17,265   $17,591   $4,027   $2,273   $3,294   $4,500 Remaining estimated pension contributions to be made in 2017 $62,230   $70,332   $15,119   $7,647   $13,770   $13,680 NOTE 7.  BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Entergy Corporation Entergy’s reportable segments as of  March 31, 2017  are Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities.  Utility includes the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electric power in portions of Arkansas, Mississippi, Texas, and Louisiana, including the City of New Orleans; and operation of a small natural gas distribution business.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities includes the ownership, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear power plants located in the northern United States and the sale of the electric power produced by its operating plants to wholesale customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities also provides services to other nuclear power plant owners and owns interests in non-nuclear power plants that sell the electric power produced by those plants to wholesale customers.  “All Other” includes the parent company, Entergy Corporation, and other business activity.                           41 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Entergy’s segment financial information for the first quarters of  2017  and  2016  is as follows:     Utility   Entergy Wholesale Commodities   All Other   Eliminations   Entergy     (In Thousands) 2017                     Operating revenues   $2,035,112   $553,367   $—   ($21 )   $2,588,458 Income taxes   $98,492   ($78,337 )   ($12,392 )   $—   $7,763 Consolidated net income (loss)   $167,623   ($27,197 )   ($22,477 )   ($31,898 )   $86,051 Total assets as of March 31, 2017   $41,194,179   $6,018,217   $1,242,423   ($3,136,613 )   $45,318,206 2016                     Operating revenues   $2,087,793   $522,079   $—   ($20 )   $2,609,852 Income taxes   $107,836   $52,314   ($20,205 )   $—   $139,945 Consolidated net income (loss)   $199,651   $79,557   ($12,067 )   ($31,899 )   $235,242 Total assets as of December 31, 2016   $41,098,751   $6,696,038   $1,283,816   ($3,174,171 )   $45,904,434 The Entergy Wholesale Commodities business is sometimes referred to as the “competitive businesses.”  Eliminations are primarily intersegment activity.  Almost all of Entergy’s goodwill is related to the Utility segment. As discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K, Entergy management has undertaken a strategy to manage and reduce the risk of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business, which includes taking actions to reduce the size of the merchant fleet. These decisions and transactions resulted in asset impairments; employee retention and severance expenses and other benefits-related costs; and contracted economic development contributions in 2016.  Additional restructuring charges in the first quarter of 2017 were comprised of the following:   Employee retention and severance expenses and other benefits-related costs   Contracted economic development costs   Total   (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, 2017 $70   $21   $91 Restructuring costs accrued 24   —   24 Balance as of March 31, 2017 $94   $21   $115 In addition, Entergy incurred  $212 million  of impairment charges in the first quarter 2017 related to nuclear fuel spending, nuclear refueling outage spending, and expenditures for capital assets.  These costs are charged directly to expense as a result of the impaired value of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants’ long-lived assets due to the significantly reduced remaining estimated operating lives associated with management’s strategy to reduce the size of the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ merchant fleet.  Registrant Subsidiaries Each of the Registrant Subsidiaries has one reportable segment, which is an integrated utility business, except for System Energy, which is an electricity generation business.  Each of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ operations is managed on an integrated basis by that company because of the substantial effect of cost-based rates and regulatory oversight on the business process, cost structures, and operating results. 42 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 8.  RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Market Risk In the normal course of business, Entergy is exposed to a number of market risks.  Market risk is the potential loss that Entergy may incur as a result of changes in the market or fair value of a particular commodity or instrument.  All financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk including commodity price risk, equity price, and interest rate risk.  Entergy uses derivatives primarily to mitigate commodity price risk, particularly power price and fuel price risk. The Utility has limited exposure to the effects of market risk because it operates primarily under cost-based rate regulation.  To the extent approved by their retail regulators, the Utility operating companies use derivative instruments to hedge the exposure to price volatility inherent in their purchased power, fuel, and gas purchased for resale costs that are recovered from customers. As a wholesale generator, Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ core business is selling energy, measured in MWh, to its customers.  Entergy Wholesale Commodities enters into forward contracts with its customers and also sells energy and capacity in the day ahead or spot markets.  In addition to its forward physical power and gas contracts, Entergy Wholesale Commodities also uses a combination of financial contracts, including swaps, collars, and options, to mitigate commodity price risk.  When the market price falls, the combination of instruments is expected to settle in gains that offset lower revenue from generation, which results in a more predictable cash flow. Entergy’s exposure to market risk is determined by a number of factors, including the size, term, composition, and diversification of positions held, as well as market volatility and liquidity.  For instruments such as options, the time period during which the option may be exercised and the relationship between the current market price of the underlying instrument and the option’s contractual strike or exercise price also affects the level of market risk.  A significant factor influencing the overall level of market risk to which Entergy is exposed is its use of hedging techniques to mitigate such risk.  Hedging instruments and volumes are chosen based on ability to mitigate risk associated with future energy and capacity prices; however, other considerations are factored into hedge product and volume decisions including corporate liquidity, corporate credit ratings, counterparty credit risk, hedging costs, firm settlement risk, and product availability in the marketplace.  Entergy manages market risk by actively monitoring compliance with stated risk management policies as well as monitoring the effectiveness of its hedging policies and strategies.  Entergy’s risk management policies limit the amount of total net exposure and rolling net exposure during the stated periods.  These policies, including related risk limits, are regularly assessed to ensure their appropriateness given Entergy’s objectives. Derivatives Some derivative instruments are classified as cash flow hedges due to their financial settlement provisions while others are classified as normal purchase/normal sale transactions due to their physical settlement provisions.  Normal purchase/normal sale risk management tools include power purchase and sales agreements, fuel purchase agreements, capacity contracts, and tolling agreements.  Financially-settled cash flow hedges can include natural gas and electricity swaps and options and interest rate swaps.  Entergy may enter into financially-settled swap and option contracts to manage market risk that may or may not be designated as hedging instruments. Entergy enters into derivatives to manage natural risks inherent in its physical or financial assets or liabilities.  Electricity over-the-counter instruments and futures contracts that financially settle against day-ahead power pool prices are used to manage price exposure for Entergy Wholesale Commodities generation.  The maximum length of time over which Entergy is currently hedging the variability in future cash flows with derivatives for forecasted power transactions at  March 31, 2017  is approximately  2  years.  Planned generation currently under contract from Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear power plants is  86%  for the remainder of  2017 , of which approximately  59%   43 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements is sold under financial derivatives and the remainder under normal purchase/normal sale contracts.  Total planned generation for the remainder of  2017  is  19.9  TWh. Entergy may use standardized master netting agreements to help mitigate the credit risk of derivative instruments.  These master agreements facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty and may include collateral requirements.  Cash, letters of credit, and parental/affiliate guarantees may be obtained as security from counterparties in order to mitigate credit risk. The collateral agreements require a counterparty to post cash or letters of credit in the event an exposure exceeds an established threshold. The threshold represents an unsecured credit limit, which may be supported by a parental/affiliate guaranty, as determined in accordance with Entergy’s credit policy. In addition, collateral agreements allow for termination and liquidation of all positions in the event of a failure or inability to post collateral. Certain of the agreements to sell the power produced by Entergy Wholesale Commodities power plants contain provisions that require an Entergy subsidiary to provide credit support to secure its obligations depending on the mark-to-market values of the contracts.  The primary form of credit support to satisfy these requirements is an Entergy Corporation guarantee.  As of  March 31, 2017 , derivative contracts with  three  counterparties were in a liability position (approximately  $13 million  total).  In addition to the corporate guarantee,  $1 million  in cash collateral was required to be posted by the Entergy subsidiary to its counterparties and  $3 million  in cash collateral was required to be posted by its counterparties to the Entergy subsidiary.  As of  December 31, 2016 , derivative contracts with  three  counterparties were in a liability position (approximately  $8 million  total).  In addition to the corporate guarantee,  $2 million  in cash collateral was required to be posted by the Entergy subsidiary to its counterparties.  If the Entergy Corporation credit rating falls below investment grade, the effect of the corporate guarantee is typically ignored and Entergy would have to post collateral equal to the estimated outstanding liability under the contract at the applicable date. Entergy manages fuel price volatility for its Louisiana jurisdictions (Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans) and Entergy Mississippi through the purchase of short-term natural gas swaps that financially settle against NYMEX futures.  These swaps are marked-to-market through fuel expense with offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities.  All benefits or costs of the program are recorded in fuel costs.  The notional volumes of these swaps are based on a portion of projected annual exposure to gas for electric generation at Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Mississippi and projected winter purchases for gas distribution at Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans.  The total volume of natural gas swaps outstanding as of  March 31, 2017  is  59,830,000  MMBtu for Entergy, including  50,230,000  MMBtu for Entergy Louisiana and  9,600,000  MMBtu for Entergy Mississippi.  Credit support for these natural gas swaps is covered by master agreements that do not require collateralization based on mark-to-market value, but do carry adequate assurance language that may lead to collateralization requests. During the second quarter 2016, Entergy participated in the annual financial transmission rights auction process for the MISO planning year of June 1, 2016 through May 31, 2017.  Financial transmission rights are derivative instruments which represent economic hedges of future congestion charges that will be incurred in serving Entergy’s customer load.  They are not designated as hedging instruments.  Entergy initially records financial transmission rights at their estimated fair value and subsequently adjusts the carrying value to their estimated fair value at the end of each accounting period prior to settlement.  Unrealized gains or losses on financial transmission rights held by Entergy Wholesale Commodities are included in operating revenues.   The Utility operating companies recognize regulatory liabilities or assets for unrealized gains or losses on financial transmission rights.  The total volume of financial transmission rights outstanding as of  March 31, 2017  is  18,365  GWh for Entergy, including  4,197  GWh for Entergy Arkansas,  7,669  GWh for Entergy Louisiana,  3,142  GWh for Entergy Mississippi,  883  GWh for Entergy New Orleans, and  2,434  GWh for Entergy Texas.  Credit support for financial transmission rights held by the Utility operating companies is covered by cash and/or letters of credit issued by each Utility operating company as required by MISO.  Credit support for financial transmission rights held by Entergy Wholesale Commodities is covered by cash.  No cash or letters of credit were required to be posted for financial transmission rights exposure for Entergy Wholesale Commodities as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.  Letters of credit posted with MISO covered the financial transmission rights exposure for Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.  44 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair values of Entergy’s derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheet as of  March 31, 2017  are shown in the table below.  Certain investments, including those not designated as hedging instruments, are subject to master netting agreements and are presented in the balance sheet on a net basis in accordance with accounting guidance for derivatives and hedging.  Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Offset (b)   Net (c) (d)   Business         (In Millions)     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $13   ($13)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $16   ($9)   $7   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities (current portion)   $24   ($14)   $10   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other non-current liabilities (non-current portion)   $13   ($9)   $4   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $20   ($5)   $15   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $2   ($1)   $1   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Natural gas swaps   Prepayments and other   $5   $—   $5   Utility Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $9   ($1)   $8   Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities(current portion)   $8   ($4)   $4   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other non-current liabilities (non-current portion)   $2   ($2)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities 45 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair values of Entergy’s derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheet as of  December 31, 2016  are shown in the table below.  Certain investments, including those not designated as hedging instruments, are subject to master netting agreements and are presented in the balance sheet on a net basis in accordance with accounting guidance for derivatives and hedging. Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Offset (b)   Net (c) (d)   Business         (In Millions)     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $25   ($14)   $11   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $6   ($6)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities (current portion)   $11   ($10)   $1   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other non-current liabilities (non-current portion)   $16   ($7)   $9   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments                     Assets:                     Electricity swaps and options   Prepayments and other (current portion)   $18   ($13)   $5   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other deferred debits and other assets (non-current portion)   $5   ($5)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Natural gas swaps   Prepayments and other   $13   $—   $13   Utility Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $22   ($1)   $21   Utility and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Liabilities:                     Electricity swaps and options   Other current liabilities (current portion)   $18   ($17)   $1   Entergy Wholesale Commodities Electricity swaps and options   Other non-current liabilities (non-current portion)   $4   ($4)   $—   Entergy Wholesale Commodities (a) Represents the gross amounts of recognized assets/liabilities (b) Represents the netting of fair value balances with the same counterparty (c) Represents the net amounts of assets/liabilities presented on the Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries’ Consolidated Balance Sheet (d) Excludes cash collateral in the amount of  $1 million  posted and  $3 million  held as of March 31, 2017 and  $2 million  posted as of December 31, 2016.  46 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The effects of Entergy’s derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the consolidated income statements for the three months ended  March 31, 2017  and  2016  are as follows: Instrument   Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income   Income Statement location   Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income (a)     (In Millions)       (In Millions) 2017             Electricity swaps and options   $50   Competitive businesses operating revenues   $51               2016             Electricity swaps and options   $139   Competitive businesses operating revenues   $154 (a) Before taxes of  $18 million  and  $54 million  for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively               At each reporting period, Entergy measures its hedges for ineffectiveness.  Any ineffectiveness is recognized in earnings during the period.  The ineffective portion of cash flow hedges is recorded in competitive business operating revenues.  The change in fair value of Entergy’s cash flow hedges due to ineffectiveness during the  three months ended March 31, 2017  and  2016  was  ($1) million  and  ($1) million , respectively.  Based on market prices as of  March 31, 2017 , unrealized gains recorded in AOCI on cash flow hedges relating to power sales totaled  $8 million  of net unrealized gains.  Approximately  $5 million  is expected to be reclassified from AOCI to operating revenues in the next twelve months.  The actual amount reclassified from AOCI, however, could vary due to future changes in market prices.     Entergy may effectively liquidate a cash flow hedge instrument by entering into a contract offsetting the original hedge, and then de-designating the original hedge in this situation.  Gains or losses accumulated in other comprehensive income prior to de-designation continue to be deferred in other comprehensive income until they are included in income as the original hedged transaction occurs.  From the point of de-designation, the gains or losses on the original hedge and the offsetting contract are recorded as assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and offset as they flow through to earnings.               47 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The effects of Entergy’s derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on the consolidated income statements for the three months ended  March 31, 2017  and  2016  are as follows: Instrument Amount of gain (loss) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income Income Statement location Amount of gain (loss) recorded in the income statement     (In Millions)       (In Millions) 2017           Natural gas swaps   $—   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale (a) ($7) Financial transmission rights $— Purchased power expense (b) $30 Electricity swaps and options   $9 (c) Competitive business operating revenues   $—               2016             Natural gas swaps   $—   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale (a) ($24) Financial transmission rights   $—   Purchased power expense (b) $21 Electricity swaps and options   $25 (c) Competitive business operating revenues   $— (a) Due to regulatory treatment, the natural gas swaps are marked-to-market through fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale and then such amounts are simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as fuel expenses when the swaps are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. (b) Due to regulatory treatment, the changes in the estimated fair value of financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are recorded through purchased power expense and then such amounts are simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as purchased power expense when the financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. (c) Amount of gain (loss) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income from electricity swaps and options de-designated as hedged items. 48 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair values of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on their balance sheets as of  March 31, 2017  are as follows: Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Registrant         (In Millions)     Assets:             Natural gas swaps   Prepayments and other   $3.8   Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps   Prepayments and other   $0.7   Entergy Mississippi               Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $0.9   Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $4.1   Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $1.3   Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $0.5   Entergy New Orleans Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $1.0   Entergy Texas The fair values of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on their balance sheets as of  December 31, 2016  are as follows: Instrument   Balance Sheet Location   Fair Value (a)   Registrant         (In Millions)     Assets:             Natural gas swaps   Prepayments and other   $10.9   Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps   Prepayments and other   $2.3   Entergy Mississippi Natural gas swaps   Prepayments and other   $0.2   Entergy New Orleans               Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $5.4   Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $8.5   Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $3.2   Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $1.1   Entergy New Orleans Financial transmission rights   Prepayments and other   $3.1   Entergy Texas (a) As of March 31, 2017, letters of credit posted with MISO covered financial transmission rights exposure of  $0.2 million  for Entergy Arkansas and  $0.1 million  for Entergy Mississippi.  As of December 31, 2016, letters of credit posted with MISO covered financial transmission rights exposure of  $0.3 million  for Entergy Arkansas and  $0.1 million  for Entergy Mississippi.                    49 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The effects of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on their income statements for the three months ended  March 31, 2017  and  2016  are as follows: Instrument Income Statement Location Amount of gain (loss) recorded in the income statement Registrant         (In Millions)     2017           Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($6.1) (a) Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($1.1) (a) Entergy Mississippi Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($0.1) (a) Entergy New Orleans               Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $4.6 (b) Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $15.2 (b) Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $3.1 (b) Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $2.4 (b) Entergy New Orleans Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $5.3 (b) Entergy Texas               2016             Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($19.3) (a) Entergy Louisiana Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($4.1) (a) Entergy Mississippi Natural gas swaps   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   ($0.5) (a) Entergy New Orleans               Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $7.8 (b) Entergy Arkansas Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $10.5 (b) Entergy Louisiana Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $0.8 (b) Entergy Mississippi Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $0.5 (b) Entergy New Orleans Financial transmission rights   Purchased power expense   $1.5 (b) Entergy Texas (a) Due to regulatory treatment, the natural gas swaps are marked-to-market through fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale and then such amounts are simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as fuel expenses when the swaps are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. (b) Due to regulatory treatment, the changes in the estimated fair value of financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are recorded through purchased power expense and then such amounts are  50 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements simultaneously reversed and recorded as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability.  The gains or losses recorded as purchased power expense when the financial transmission rights for the Utility operating companies are settled are recovered or refunded through fuel cost recovery mechanisms. Fair Values The estimated fair values of Entergy’s financial instruments and derivatives are determined using historical prices, bid prices, market quotes, and financial modeling.  Considerable judgment is required in developing the estimates of fair value.  Therefore, estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that Entergy could realize in a current market exchange.  Gains or losses realized on financial instruments other than those instruments held by the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business are reflected in future rates and therefore do not affect net income.  Entergy considers the carrying amounts of most financial instruments classified as current assets and liabilities to be a reasonable estimate of their fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. Accounting standards define fair value as an exit price, or the price that would be received to sell an asset or the amount that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between knowledgeable market participants at the date of measurement.  Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries use assumptions or market input data that market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities at fair value.  The inputs can be readily observable, corroborated by market data, or generally unobservable.  Entergy and the Registrant Subsidiaries endeavor to use the best available information to determine fair value. Accounting standards establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy establishes the highest priority for unadjusted market quotes in an active market for the identical asset or liability and the lowest priority for unobservable inputs.   The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are: • Level 1 - Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.  Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.  Level 1 primarily consists of individually owned common stocks, cash equivalents (temporary cash investments, securitization recovery trust account, and escrow accounts), debt instruments, and gas hedge contracts.  Cash equivalents includes all unrestricted highly liquid debt instruments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase.  • Level 2 - Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are, either directly or indirectly, observable for the asset or liability at the measurement date.  Assets are valued based on prices derived by independent third parties that use inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, and issuer spreads.  Prices are reviewed and can be challenged with the independent parties and/or overridden by Entergy if it is believed such would be more reflective of fair value.  Level 2 inputs include the following: – quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; – quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets; – inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; or – inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Level 2 consists primarily of individually-owned debt instruments. • Level 3 - Level 3 inputs are pricing inputs that are generally less observable or unobservable from objective sources.  These inputs are used with internally developed methodologies to produce management’s best  51 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements estimate of fair value for the asset or liability.  Level 3 consists primarily of financial transmission rights and derivative power contracts used as cash flow hedges of power sales at merchant power plants. The values for power contract assets or liabilities are based on both observable inputs including public market prices and interest rates, and unobservable inputs such as implied volatilities, unit contingent discounts, expected basis differences, and credit adjusted counterparty interest rates.  They are classified as Level 3 assets and liabilities.  The valuations of these assets and liabilities are performed by the Business Unit Risk Control group and the Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group.  The primary functions of the Business Unit Risk Control group include: gathering, validating and reporting market data, providing market risk analyses and valuations in support of Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ commercial transactions, developing and administering protocols for the management of market risks, and implementing and maintaining controls around changes to market data in the energy trading and risk management system.  The Business Unit Risk Control group is also responsible for managing the energy trading and risk management system, forecasting revenues, forward positions and analysis.  The Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group performs functions related to market and counterparty settlements, revenue reporting and analysis and financial accounting.  The Business Unit Risk Control group reports to the Vice President and Treasurer while the Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group reports to the Chief Accounting Officer. The amounts reflected as the fair value of electricity swaps are based on the estimated amount that the contracts are in-the-money at the balance sheet date (treated as an asset) or out-of-the-money at the balance sheet date (treated as a liability) and would equal the estimated amount receivable to or payable by Entergy if the contracts were settled at that date.  These derivative contracts include cash flow hedges that swap fixed for floating cash flows for sales of the output from the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business.  The fair values are based on the mark-to-market comparison between the fixed contract prices and the floating prices determined each period from quoted forward power market prices.  The differences between the fixed price in the swap contract and these market-related prices multiplied by the volume specified in the contract and discounted at the counterparties’ credit adjusted risk free rate are recorded as derivative contract assets or liabilities.  For contracts that have unit contingent terms, a further discount is applied based on the historical relationship between contract and market prices for similar contract terms. The amounts reflected as the fair values of electricity options are valued based on a Black Scholes model, and are calculated at the end of each month for accounting purposes.  Inputs to the valuation include end of day forward market prices for the period when the transactions will settle, implied volatilities based on market volatilities provided by a third party data aggregator, and U.S. Treasury rates for a risk-free return rate.  As described further below, prices and implied volatilities are reviewed and can be adjusted if it is determined that there is a better representation of fair value.   On a daily basis, the Business Unit Risk Control group calculates the mark-to-market for electricity swaps and options.  The Business Unit Risk Control group also validates forward market prices by comparing them to other sources of forward market prices or to settlement prices of actual market transactions.  Significant differences are analyzed and potentially adjusted based on these other sources of forward market prices or settlement prices of actual market transactions.  Implied volatilities used to value options are also validated using actual counterparty quotes for Entergy Wholesale Commodities transactions when available and compared with other sources of market implied volatilities.  Moreover, on at least a monthly basis, the Office of Corporate Risk Oversight confirms the mark-to-market calculations and prepares price scenarios and credit downgrade scenario analysis.  The scenario analysis is communicated to senior management within Entergy and within Entergy Wholesale Commodities.  Finally, for all proposed derivative transactions, an analysis is completed to assess the risk of adding the proposed derivative to Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ portfolio.  In particular, the credit and liquidity effects are calculated for this analysis.  This analysis is communicated to senior management within Entergy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities. The values of financial transmission rights are based on unobservable inputs, including estimates of congestion costs in MISO between applicable generation and load pricing nodes based on the 50th percentile of historical prices.  They are classified as Level 3 assets and liabilities.  The valuations of these assets and liabilities are performed by the  52 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Business Unit Risk Control group.  The values are calculated internally and verified against the data published by MISO.  Entergy’s Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group reviews these valuations for reasonableness, with the assistance of others within the organization with knowledge of the various inputs and assumptions used in the valuation. The Business Unit Risk Control groups report to the Vice President and Treasurer.  The Accounting Policy and Entergy Wholesale Commodities Accounting group reports to the Chief Accounting Officer. The following tables set forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, Entergy’s assets and liabilities that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016 .  The assessment of the significance of a particular input to a fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect its placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 2017   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $1,022   $—   $—   $1,022 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   512   —   —   512 Debt securities   966   1,264   —   2,230 Common trusts (b)               3,927 Power contracts   —   —   23   23 Securitization recovery trust account   47   —   —   47 Escrow accounts   415   —   —   415 Gas hedge contracts   5   —   —   5 Financial transmission rights   —   —   8   8     $2,967   $1,264   $31   $8,189 Liabilities:                 Power contracts   $—   $—   $18   $18 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $1,058   $—   $—   $1,058 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   480   —   —   480 Debt securities   985   1,228   —   2,213 Common trusts (b)               3,031 Power contracts   —   —   16   16 Securitization recovery trust account   46   —   —   46 Escrow accounts   433   —   —   433 Gas hedge contracts   13   —   —   13 Financial transmission rights   —   —   21   21     $3,015   $1,228   $37   $7,311 Liabilities:                 Power contracts   $—   $—   $11   $11 (a) The decommissioning trust funds hold equity and fixed income securities. Equity securities are invested to approximate the returns of major market indices.  Fixed income securities are held in various governmental and corporate securities.  See Note 9 to the financial statements for additional information on the investment portfolios. 53 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements (b) Common trust funds are not publicly quoted, and are valued by the fund administrators using net asset value as a practical expedient.  Accordingly, these funds are not assigned a level in the fair value table.  The fund administrator of these investments allows daily trading at the net asset value and trades settle at a later date.                 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the net assets (liabilities) for the fair value of derivatives classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 :   2017   2016   Power Contracts   Financial transmission rights   Power Contracts   Financial transmission rights (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, $5   $21   $189   $23 Total gains (losses) for the period (a)               Included in OCI 50   —   139   — Included as a regulatory liability/asset —   17   —   7 Settlements (50 )   (30 )   (145 )   (21 ) Balance as of March 31, $5   $8   $183   $9 (a)  Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for derivatives held at the end of the reporting period is  $0.4 million  for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and  $6 million  for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The  following  table sets forth a description of the types of transactions classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and significant unobservable inputs to each which cause that classification as of  March 31, 2017 : Transaction Type   Fair Value as of March 31, 2017   Significant Unobservable Inputs   Range from Average %   Effect on Fair Value     (In Millions)             (In Millions) Power contracts - electricity swaps   $5   Unit contingent discount   +/- 4%   $1 The following table sets forth an analysis of each of the types of unobservable inputs impacting the fair value of items classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, and the sensitivity to changes to those inputs: Significant Unobservable Input   Transaction Type   Position   Change to Input   Effect on Fair Value Unit contingent discount   Electricity swaps   Sell   Increase (Decrease)   Decrease (Increase) Implied volatility   Electricity options   Sell   Increase (Decrease)   Increase (Decrease) Implied volatility   Electricity options   Buy   Increase (Decrease)   Increase (Decrease) The following table sets forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, the Registrant Subsidiaries’ assets that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016 .  The assessment of the significance of a particular input to a fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect its placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 54 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Entergy Arkansas 2017   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   $6.1   $—   $—   $6.1 Debt securities   106.7   203.3   —   310.0 Common trusts (b)               551.6 Securitization recovery trust account   7.8   —   —   7.8 Escrow accounts   4.7   —   —   4.7 Financial transmission rights   —   —   0.9   0.9     $125.3   $203.3   $0.9   $881.1 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   $3.6   $—   $—   $3.6 Debt securities   112.5   196.8   —   309.3 Common trusts (b)               521.8 Securitization recovery trust account   4.1   —   —   4.1 Escrow accounts   7.1   —   —   7.1 Financial transmission rights   —   —   5.4   5.4     $127.3   $196.8   $5.4   $851.3 Entergy Louisiana 2017   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $64.7   $—   $—   $64.7 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   7.6   —   —   7.6 Debt securities   132.0   307.5   —   439.5 Common trusts (b)               743.0 Escrow accounts   292.5   —   —   292.5 Securitization recovery trust account   8.4   —   —   8.4 Gas hedge contracts   3.8   —   —   3.8 Financial transmission rights   —   —   4.1   4.1     $509.0   $307.5   $4.1   $1,563.6 55 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $163.9   $—   $—   $163.9 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   13.9   —   —   13.9 Debt securities   132.3   292.5   —   424.8 Common trusts (b)               702.0 Escrow accounts   305.7   —   —   305.7 Securitization recovery trust account   2.8   —   —   2.8 Gas hedge contracts   10.9   —   —   10.9 Financial transmission rights   —   —   8.5   8.5     $629.5   $292.5   $8.5   $1,632.5 Entergy Mississippi 2017   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Escrow accounts   $31.8   $—   $—   $31.8 Gas hedge contracts   0.7   —   —   0.7 Financial transmission rights   —   —   1.3   1.3     $32.5   $—   $1.3   $33.8 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $76.8   $—   $—   $76.8 Escrow accounts   31.8   —   —   31.8 Gas hedge contracts   2.3   —   —   2.3 Financial transmission rights   —   —   3.2   3.2     $110.9   $—   $3.2   $114.1 Entergy New Orleans 2017   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $55.0   $—   $—   $55.0 Securitization recovery trust account   4.6   —   —   4.6 Escrow accounts   86.3   —   —   86.3 Financial transmission rights   —   —   0.5   0.5     $145.9   $—   $0.5   $146.4 56 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $103.0   $—   $—   $103.0 Securitization recovery trust account   1.7   —   —   1.7 Escrow accounts   88.6   —   —   88.6 Gas hedge contracts   0.2   —   —   0.2 Financial transmission rights   —   —   1.1   1.1     $193.5   $—   $1.1   $194.6 Entergy Texas 2017   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets :                 Securitization recovery trust account   $26.3   $—   $—   $26.3 Financial transmission rights   —   —   1.0   1.0     $26.3   $—   $1.0   $27.3 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets :                 Temporary cash investments   $5.0   $—   $—   $5.0 Securitization recovery trust account   37.5   —   —   37.5 Financial transmission rights   —   —   3.1   3.1     $42.5   $—   $3.1   $45.6 System Energy 2017   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $239.6   $—   $—   $239.6 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   8.1   —   —   8.1 Debt securities   245.7   61.3   —   307.0 Common trusts (b)               500.9     $493.4   $61.3   $—   $1,055.6 2016   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total     (In Millions) Assets:                 Temporary cash investments   $245.1   $—   $—   $245.1 Decommissioning trust funds (a):                 Equity securities   0.3   —   —   0.3 Debt securities   248.3   58.3   —   306.6 Common trusts (b)               473.6     $493.7   $58.3   $—   $1,025.6 57 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements (a) The decommissioning trust funds hold equity and fixed income securities. Equity securities are invested to approximate the returns of major market indices.  Fixed income securities are held in various governmental and corporate securities.  See Note 9 to the financial statements for additional information on the investment portfolios. (b) Common trust funds are not publicly quoted, and are valued by the fund administrators using net asset value as a practical expedient.  Accordingly, these funds are not assigned a level in the fair value table.  The fund administrator of these investments allows daily trading at the net asset value and trades settle at a later date.                          The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the net assets (liabilities) for the fair value of derivatives classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the  three months ended March 31, 2017 .   Entergy  Arkansas   Entergy  Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy  New  Orleans   Entergy  Texas   (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, $5.4   $8.5   $3.2   $1.1   $3.1 Gains (losses) included as a regulatory liability/asset 0.1   10.8   1.2   1.8   3.2 Settlements (4.6 )   (15.2 )   (3.1 )   (2.4 )   (5.3 ) Balance as of March 31, $0.9   $4.1   $1.3   $0.5   $1.0 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the net assets (liabilities) for the fair value of derivatives classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the  three months ended March 31, 2016 .   Entergy  Arkansas   Entergy  Louisiana   Entergy  Mississippi   Entergy  New  Orleans   Entergy  Texas   (In Millions) Balance as of January 1, $7.9   $8.5   $2.4   $1.5   $2.2 Gains (losses) included as a regulatory liability/asset 3.6   5.3   (0.7 )   (0.4 )   0.2 Settlements (7.8 )   (10.5 )   (0.8 )   (0.5 )   (1.5 ) Balance as of March 31, $3.7   $3.3   $0.9   $0.6   $0.9 NOTE 9.  DECOMMISSIONING TRUST FUNDS (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy) Entergy holds debt and equity securities, classified as available-for-sale, in nuclear decommissioning trust accounts.  The NRC requires Entergy subsidiaries to maintain trusts to fund the costs of decommissioning ANO 1, ANO 2, River Bend, Waterford 3, Grand Gulf, Pilgrim, Indian Point 1, Indian Point 2, Indian Point 3, Vermont Yankee, and Palisades.  The funds are invested primarily in equity securities, fixed-rate debt securities, and cash and cash equivalents. See Note 16 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the trust transfer agreement with NYPA to transfer the decommissioning trust funds and decommissioning liabilities for the Indian Point 3 and FitzPatrick plants to Entergy.  In January 2017, NYPA transferred to Entergy the Indian Point 3 decommissioning trust fund with a fair value of  $726 million  and the FitzPatrick decommissioning trust fund with a fair value of  $793 million . As discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements herein, in March 2017, Entergy closed on the sale of the FitzPatrick plant to Exelon.  As part of the transaction, Entergy transferred the FitzPatrick decommissioning trust fund  58 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements to Exelon.  The FitzPatrick decommissioning trust fund had a disposition-date fair value of  $805 million  and was classified as held for sale within other deferred debits as of December 31, 2016.  Entergy records decommissioning trust funds on the balance sheet at their fair value.  Because of the ability of the Registrant Subsidiaries to recover decommissioning costs in rates and in accordance with the regulatory treatment for decommissioning trust funds, the Registrant Subsidiaries have recorded an offsetting amount of unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities in other regulatory liabilities/assets.  For the  30%  interest in River Bend formerly owned by Cajun, Entergy Louisiana has recorded an offsetting amount of unrealized gains/(losses) in other deferred credits.  Decommissioning trust funds for Pilgrim, Indian Point 1, Indian Point 2, Indian Point 3, Vermont Yankee, and Palisades do not meet the criteria for regulatory accounting treatment.  Accordingly, unrealized gains recorded on the assets in these trust funds are recognized in the accumulated other comprehensive income component of shareholders’ equity because these assets are classified as available-for-sale.  Unrealized losses (where cost exceeds fair market value) on the assets in these trust funds are also recorded in the accumulated other comprehensive income component of shareholders’ equity unless the unrealized loss is other-than-temporary and therefore recorded in earnings.  Generally, Entergy records realized gains and losses on its debt and equity securities using the specific identification method to determine the cost basis of its securities. The securities held as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2017             Equity Securities   $4,439   $1,823   $5 Debt Securities   2,230   35   22 Total   $6,669   $1,858   $27     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2016             Equity Securities   $3,511   $1,673   $1 Debt Securities   2,213   34   27 Total   $5,724   $1,707   $28 The fair values of the decommissioning trust funds related to the Entergy Wholesale Commodities nuclear plants as of March 31, 2017 are  $458 million  for Indian Point 1,  $582 million  for Indian Point 2,  $743 million  for Indian Point 3,  $426 million  for Palisades,  $994 million  for Pilgrim, and  $592 million  for Vermont Yankee.  The fair values of the decommissioning trust funds for the Registrant Subsidiaries’ nuclear plants are detailed below. Deferred taxes on unrealized gains/(losses) are recorded in other comprehensive income for the decommissioning trusts which do not meet the criteria for regulatory accounting treatment as described above.  Unrealized gains/(losses) above are reported before deferred taxes of  $438 million  and  $399 million  as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016 , respectively.  The amortized cost of debt securities was  $2,217 million  as of  March 31, 2017  and  $2,212 million  as of  December 31, 2016 .  As of  March 31, 2017 , the debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  3.21% , an average duration of approximately  5.79  years, and an average maturity of approximately  9.45  years.  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate or somewhat exceed the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index or the Russell 3000 Index. 59 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2017 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $13   $5   $1,087   $21 More than 12 months —   —   13   1 Total $13   $5   $1,100   $22 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2016 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $23   $1   $1,169   $26 More than 12 months 1   —   20   1 Total $24   $1   $1,189   $27 The fair value of debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are as follows:   2017   2016   (In Millions) less than 1 year $99   $125 1 year - 5 years 783   763 5 years - 10 years 742   719 10 years - 15 years 113   109 15 years - 20 years 69   73 20 years+ 424   424 Total $2,230   $2,213 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , proceeds from the dispositions of securities amounted to  $514 million  and  $729 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , gross gains of  $9 million  and  $10 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $5 million  and  $3 million , respectively, were reclassified out of other comprehensive income or other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings. 60 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements Entergy Arkansas Entergy Arkansas holds debt and equity securities, classified as available-for-sale, in nuclear decommissioning trust accounts.  The securities held as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2017             Equity Securities   $557.7   $307.2   $— Debt Securities   310.0   3.1   3.6 Total   $867.7   $310.3   $3.6               2016             Equity Securities   $525.4   $281.5   $— Debt Securities   309.3   3.4   4.2 Total   $834.7   $284.9   $4.2 The amortized cost of debt securities was  $310.5 million  as of  March 31, 2017  and  $310.1 million  as of  December 31, 2016 .  As of  March 31, 2017 , the debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  2.61% , an average duration of approximately  5.26  years, and an average maturity of approximately  6.10  years.  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index. The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2017 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $1.1   $—   $150.5   $3.6 More than 12 months —   —   —   — Total $1.1   $—   $150.5   $3.6 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2016 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $—   $—   $146.7   $4.2 More than 12 months —   —   —   — Total $—   $—   $146.7   $4.2 61 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair value of debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are as follows:   2017   2016   (In Millions) less than 1 year $17.8   $16.7 1 year - 5 years 109.7   106.2 5 years - 10 years 162.1   161.2 10 years - 15 years 7.0   7.7 15 years - 20 years 1.0   1.0 20 years+ 12.4   16.5 Total $310.0   $309.3 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , proceeds from the dispositions of securities amounted to  $36 million  and  $58.6 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , gross gains of  $0.5 million  and  $0.8 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $0.1 million  and  $0.1 million , respectively were reclassified out of other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings. Entergy Louisiana Entergy Louisiana holds debt and equity securities, classified as available-for-sale, in nuclear decommissioning trust accounts.  The securities held as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2017             Equity Securities   $750.6   $382.7   $— Debt Securities   439.5   8.5   4.3 Total   $1,190.1   $391.2   $4.3               2016             Equity Securities   $715.9   $346.6   $— Debt Securities   424.8   8.0   5.0 Total   $1,140.7   $354.6   $5.0 The amortized cost of debt securities was  $435.2 million  as of  March 31, 2017  and  $421.9 million  as of  December 31, 2016 .  As of  March 31, 2017 , the debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  3.77% , an average duration of approximately  5.72  years, and an average maturity of approximately  11.20  years.  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index. 62 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2017 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $1.6   $—   $189.9   $4.1 More than 12 months —   —   2.7   0.2 Total $1.6   $—   $192.6   $4.3 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2016 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $—   $—   $198.8   $4.8 More than 12 months —   —   4.8   0.2 Total $—   $—   $203.6   $5.0 The fair value of debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are as follows:   2017   2016   (In Millions) less than 1 year $28.1   $31.4 1 year - 5 years 101.2   99.1 5 years - 10 years 126.4   122.8 10 years - 15 years 44.0   41.4 15 years - 20 years 30.3   30.9 20 years+ 109.5   99.2 Total $439.5   $424.8 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , proceeds from the dispositions of securities amounted to  $40.6 million  and  $53.8 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , gross gains of  $0.03 million  and  $0.9 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $0.2 million  and  $0.1 million , respectively, were reclassified out of other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings. 63 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements System Energy System Energy holds debt and equity securities, classified as available-for-sale, in nuclear decommissioning trust accounts.  The securities held as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are summarized as follows:     Fair Value   Total Unrealized Gains   Total Unrealized Losses     (In Millions) 2017             Equity Securities   $509.0   $245.4   $— Debt Securities   307.0   2.4   3.4 Total   $816.0   $247.8   $3.4               2016             Equity Securities   $473.9   $221.9   $0.1 Debt Securities   306.6   2.0   4.5 Total   $780.5   $223.9   $4.6 The amortized cost of debt securities was  $308 million  as of  March 31, 2017  and  $309.1 million  as of  December 31, 2016 .  As of  March 31, 2017 , the debt securities have an average coupon rate of approximately  1.99% , an average duration of approximately  5.04  years, and an average maturity of approximately  6.45  years.  The equity securities are generally held in funds that are designed to approximate the return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.  A relatively small percentage of the equity securities are held in funds intended to replicate the return of the Wilshire 4500 Index. The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  March 31, 2017 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $1.0   $—   $200.5   $3.3 More than 12 months —   —   0.2   0.1 Total $1.0   $—   $200.7   $3.4 The fair value and gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale equity and debt securities, summarized by investment type and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous loss position, are as follows as of  December 31, 2016 :   Equity Securities   Debt Securities   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   (In Millions) Less than 12 months $—   $—   $220.9   $4.4 More than 12 months —   0.1   0.8   0.1 Total $—   $0.1   $221.7   $4.5 64 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements The fair value of debt securities, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  March 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  are as follows:   2017   2016   (In Millions) less than 1 year $1.7   $6.6 1 year - 5 years 188.5   188.2 5 years - 10 years 84.6   78.5 10 years - 15 years 1.4   1.3 15 years - 20 years 7.6   7.8 20 years+ 23.2   24.2 Total $307.0   $306.6 During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , proceeds from the dispositions of securities amounted to  $75.8 million  and  $188.5 million , respectively.  During the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , gross gains of  $0.1 million  and  $1.6 million , respectively, and gross losses of  $0.7 million  and  $0.3 million , respectively, were reclassified out of other regulatory liabilities/assets into earnings. Other-than-temporary impairments and unrealized gains and losses Entergy evaluates investment securities in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities’ nuclear decommissioning trust funds with unrealized losses at the end of each period to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred.  The assessment of whether an investment in a debt security has suffered an other-than-temporary impairment is based on whether Entergy has the intent to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized costs.  Further, if Entergy does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the debt security, an other-than-temporary impairment is considered to have occurred and it is measured by the present value of cash flows expected to be collected less the amortized cost basis (credit loss).  Entergy did not have any material other-than-temporary impairments relating to credit losses on debt securities for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 .  The assessment of whether an investment in an equity security has suffered an other-than-temporary impairment is based on a number of factors including, first, whether Entergy has the ability and intent to hold the investment to recover its value, the duration and severity of any losses, and, then, whether it is expected that the investment will recover its value within a reasonable period of time.  Entergy’s trusts are managed by third parties who operate in accordance with agreements that define investment guidelines and place restrictions on the purchases and sales of investments.  Entergy did not record material charges to other income for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016 , resulting from the recognition of the other-than-temporary impairment of certain equity securities held in its decommissioning trust funds. NOTE 10.  INCOME TAXES (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) See “ Income Tax Audits ” and “ Other Tax Matters ” in Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of income tax audits and other income tax matters involving Entergy.  The following is an update to that discussion. As discussed in the Form 10-K, in the second quarter 2016, Entergy made a tax election to treat its subsidiary that owned the FitzPatrick nuclear power plant as a corporation for federal income tax purposes.  The effect of the election was that the plant and associated assets were deemed to be contributed to a new corporation for federal income tax purposes, which created permanent and temporary differences, as discussed in the Form 10-K.  One permanent difference, which increased tax expense in 2016 under the applicable accounting standards, was the reduction to the plant’s tax basis to the extent that it exceeded its fair market value.  Entergy sold the FitzPatrick plant on March 31,  65 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements 2017.  The removal of the contingencies regarding the sale of the plant and the receipt of NRC approval for the sale allowed Entergy to re-determine the plant’s tax basis, using the closing price as indicative of a higher fair market value for the plant.  The re-determined basis resulted in a  $44 million  income tax benefit in the first quarter 2017. In the first quarter 2017, Entergy implemented ASU No. 2016-09, “Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.”  Entergy will now prospectively recognize all income tax effects related to share-based payments through the income statement.  In the first quarter 2017, stock option expirations, along with other stock compensation activity, resulted in the write-off of  $11.5 million  of deferred tax assets.  Entergy’s stock-based compensation plans are discussed in Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K. NOTE 11.  PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) Construction Expenditures in Accounts Payable Construction expenditures included in accounts payable at  March 31, 2017  are  $209 million  for Entergy,  $33.4 million  for Entergy Arkansas,  $74.4 million  for Entergy Louisiana,  $3.3 million  for Entergy Mississippi,  $0.6 million  for Entergy New Orleans,  $13.8 million  for Entergy Texas, and  $26.9 million  for System Energy.  Construction expenditures included in accounts payable at  December 31, 2016  are  $253 million  for Entergy,  $40.9 million  for Entergy Arkansas,  $114.8 million  for Entergy Louisiana,  $11.5 million  for Entergy Mississippi,  $2.3 million  for Entergy New Orleans,  $9.3 million  for Entergy Texas, and  $6.2 million  for System Energy. NOTE 12.  VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) See Note 17 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of variable interest entities.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for details of the nuclear fuel companies’ credit facilities and commercial paper borrowings and long-term debt.      Entergy Louisiana was considered to hold a variable interest in the lessor from which it leased an undivided interest representing approximately  9.3%  of the Waterford 3 nuclear plant.  After Entergy Louisiana acquired a beneficial interest in the leased assets in March 2016, however, the lessor was no longer considered a variable interest entity. Entergy Louisiana made payments on its lease, including interest, of  $9.2 million  through March 2016.  See Note 10 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Louisiana’s purchase of the Waterford 3 leased assets. System Energy is considered to hold a variable interest in the lessor from which it leases an undivided interest representing approximately  11.5%  of the Grand Gulf nuclear plant.  System Energy is the lessee under this arrangement, which is described in more detail in Note 10 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  System Energy made payments on its lease, including interest, of  $8.6 million  in the three months ended  March 31, 2017  and  $8.6 million  in the three months ended  March 31, 2016 . NOTE 13.  DISPOSITIONS (Entergy Corporation) In March 2017 the NRC approved the sale of the FitzPatrick plant, an  838  MW nuclear power plant owned by Entergy in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities segment, to Exelon.  The transaction closed in March 2017 for a purchase price of  $110 million , including the  $10 million  non-refundable signing fee paid in August 2016, in addition to the assumption by Exelon of certain liabilities related to the FitzPatrick plant, resulting in a pre-tax gain on the sale  66 Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements of  $16 million .  At the transaction close, Exelon paid an additional  $8 million  for the proration of certain expenses prepaid by Entergy.  As discussed in Note 10 to the financial statements herein, as a result of the sale of FitzPatrick on March 31, 2017, Entergy re-determined the plant’s tax basis, resulting in a  $44 million  income tax benefit. The assets and liabilities associated with the sale of FitzPatrick to Exelon were classified as held for sale on Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries’ Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016.  The disposition-date fair value of the decommissioning trust fund was  $805 million , classified within other deferred debits, and the disposition-date fair value of the asset retirement obligation was  $727 million , classified within other non-current liabilities.  The transaction also included property, plant, and equipment with a net book value of  zero , materials and supplies, and prepaid assets. As discussed in Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K, Entergy entered into a reimbursement agreement with Exelon pursuant to which Exelon reimburses Entergy for specified out-of-pocket costs associated with the operation of FitzPatrick.  In the first quarter 2017, Entergy billed Exelon for reimbursement of  $98 million  of other operation and maintenance expenses,  $7 million  in lost operating revenues, and  $3 million  in taxes other than income taxes, partially offset by a  $10 million  defueling credit to Exelon.  ________________ In the opinion of the management of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy, the accompanying unaudited financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting primarily of normal recurring accruals and reclassification of previously reported amounts to conform to current classifications) necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented.  Entergy’s business is subject to seasonal fluctuations, however, with peak periods occurring typically during the first and third quarters.  The results for the interim periods presented should not be used as a basis for estimating results of operations for a full year. 67 Table of Contents Part I, Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk See “ Market and Credit Risk Sensitive Instruments ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis. Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of  March 31, 2017 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy (individually “Registrant” and collectively the “Registrants”) management, including their respective Principal Executive Officers (PEO) and Principal Financial Officers (PFO).  The evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures.  Based on the evaluations, each PEO and PFO has concluded that, as to the Registrant or Registrants for which they serve as PEO or PFO, the Registrant’s or Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each Registrant in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms; and that the Registrant’s or Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrant’s or Registrants’ management, including their respective PEOs and PFOs, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting Under the supervision and with the participation of each Registrants’ management, including its respective PEO and PFO, each Registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended  March 31, 2017  and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 68 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income      Net income decreased $5 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by higher net revenue. Net Revenue Net  revenue consists  of  operating revenues  net  of: 1)  fuel,  fuel-related expenses,  and  gas  purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits).  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2017  to the  first quarter   2016 :    Amount   (In Millions) 2016 net revenue $321.7 Retail electric price 20.2 Opportunity sales 7.5 Volume/weather (18.0 ) Other (1.1 ) 2017 net revenue $330.3      The retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in base rates and the implementation of formula rate plan rates, as approved by the APSC.  The new base rates were effective February 24, 2016.  A significant portion of the base rate increase was related to the purchase of Power Block 2 of the Union Power Station in March 2016.  The formula rate plan rates were effective with the first billing cycle of January 2017.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the rate cases.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. The opportunity sales variance results from the estimated net revenue effect recorded in the first quarter 2016 in connection with the FERC orders issued in April 2016 in the opportunity sales proceeding.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding. The volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of the unbilled sales period including less favorable weather and decreased usage. Other Income Statement Variances Nuclear refueling outage expenses increased primarily due to the amortization of higher costs associated with the most recent outages as compared to the previous outages.  Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to: • the deferral in first quarter 2016 of $7.7 million of previously-incurred costs related to ANO post-Fukushima compliance and $9.9 million of previously-incurred costs related to ANO flood barrier compliance, as approved by the APSC as part of the 2015 rate case settlement.  These costs are being amortized over a ten-year period  69 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis beginning March 2016.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the rate case settlement; • an increase of $2.7 million in distribution expenses primarily due to timing differences in the vegetation maintenance costs incurred in 2017; • an increase of $2.6 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to an overall higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016; and • an increase of $2.4 million in compensation and benefits costs   primarily due to a revision to estimated incentive compensation expense in first quarter 2016 . The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $13.2 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a decrease in regulatory compliance costs as compared to the prior year.  The decrease in regulatory compliance costs is primarily related to additional NRC inspection activities in 2016 as a result of the NRC’s March 2015 decision to move ANO into the “multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column” of the NRC’s reactor oversight process action matrix.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  -  ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the ANO stator incident and subsequent NRC reviews. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including Power Block 2 of the Union Power Station purchased in March 2016.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. Other income increased primarily due to higher realized gains in 2017 as compared to 2016 on the decommissioning trust fund investments. Interest expense decreased primarily due to $5.1 million in estimated interest expense recorded in the first quarter 2016 in connection with the FERC orders issued in April 2016 in the opportunity sales proceeding.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 44.4% for the first quarter 2017.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2017  versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset, state income taxes, and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, partially offset by book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. The effective income tax rate was 39.8% for the first quarter 2016.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2016 versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to state income taxes and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, partially offset by book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   ANO Damage, Outage, and NRC Reviews ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the ANO stator incident, subsequent NRC reviews, and the deferral of replacement power costs.    70 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $20,509   $9,135         Cash flow provided by (used in):     Operating activities 154,541   139,613 Investing activities (207,097 )   (395,106 ) Financing activities 32,522   280,137 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (20,034 )   24,644         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $475   $33,779 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $14.9 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • an increase due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; • income tax payments of $7.2 million in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement; • a decrease of $3.7 million in interest paid; and • a decrease of $2.2 million in pension contributions in 2017.  See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –  Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K and Note 6 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding. The increase was partially offset by an increase of $3.5 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages in 2017. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $188 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to the purchase of Power Block 2 of the Union Power Station in March 2016 for approximately $237 million and a decrease of $15.6 million in transmission construction expenditures due to a lower scope of work performed in 2017.  The decrease was partially offset by the fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the Utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle and an increase of $18.6 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed on various nuclear projects in 2017.  See Note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase.  71 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Financing Activities Net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $247.6 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • the issuance of $325 million of 3.5% Series first mortgage bonds in January 2016, a portion of the proceeds of which were used to pay, prior to maturity, $175 million of 5.66% Series first mortgage bonds.  Entergy Arkansas used the remainder of the proceeds, together with other funds, for the purchase of Power Block 2 of Union Power Station and for general corporate purposes; and • a $200 million capital contribution received from Entergy Corporation in March 2016 primarily in anticipation of Entergy Arkansas’s purchase of Power Block 2 of the Union Power Station. The decrease was partially offset by net borrowings of $52.3 million on the Entergy Arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2017 compared to net repayments of $11.7 million in 2016 and money pool activity.  Decreases in Entergy Arkansas’s payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Arkansas’s payable to the money pool decreased by $20.2 million in 2017 compared to decreasing by $52.7 million in 2016.  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings.         See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. Capital Structure Entergy Arkansas’s capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.    March 31,  2017   December 31, 2016 Debt to capital 55.6 %   55.3 % Effect of excluding the securitization bonds (0.4 %)   (0.4 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 55.2 %   54.9 % Effect of subtracting cash — %   (0.2 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 55.2 %   54.7 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Arkansas. Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Arkansas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Arkansas’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Arkansas, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy Arkansas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Arkansas’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Arkansas’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.    72 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Arkansas’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K.   Entergy Arkansas’s receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows: March 31,  2017   December 31, 2016   March 31,  2016   December 31, 2015 (In Thousands) ($31,008)   ($51,232)   $1,842   ($52,742) See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. Entergy Arkansas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in August 2021.  Entergy Arkansas also has a $20 million credit facility which was scheduled to expire in April 2017, but was renewed by Entergy Arkansas through April 2018.  The $150 million credit facility allows Entergy Arkansas to issue letters of credit against 50% of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As of March 31, 2017, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facilities.  In addition, Entergy Arkansas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of March 31, 2017, a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy Arkansas’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. The Entergy Arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $80 million scheduled to expire in May 2019.  As of March 31, 2017, $52.3 million in letters of credit were outstanding under the credit facility to support commercial paper issued by the Entergy Arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.      State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery.  The following are updates to that discussion. 2016 Formula Rate Plan Filing      As discussed in the Form 10-K, Entergy Arkansas is required to make a supplemental filing supporting the recovery of certain nuclear costs.  In April 2017, Entergy Arkansas filed a motion consented to by all parties requesting that it be permitted to submit its supplemental filing in conjunction with its 2017 formula rate plan filing, scheduled to be made in July 2017. Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in September 2016, Entergy Arkansas filed an application seeking a finding from the APSC that Entergy Arkansas’s deployment of advanced metering infrastructure is in the public interest. This matter is pending before the APSC. 73 Table of Contents Entergy Arkansas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Energy Cost Recovery Rider In March 2017, Entergy Arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01164 per kWh to $0.01547 per kWh.  The APSC staff filed testimony in March 2017 recommending that the redetermined rate should be implemented with the first billing cycle of April 2017 under the normal operation of the tariff.  Accordingly, the redetermined rate went into effect on March 31, 2017 pursuant to the tariff. Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy Arkansas’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, unbilled revenue, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies. New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 74 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $474,351   $465,373           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   99,409   80,937 Purchased power   55,133   61,804 Nuclear refueling outage expenses   19,619   15,069 Other operation and maintenance   165,857   152,906 Decommissioning   13,895   13,103 Taxes other than income taxes   24,051   23,086 Depreciation and amortization   67,066   63,173 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net   (10,526 )   917 TOTAL   434,504   410,995           OPERATING INCOME   39,847   54,378           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   4,350   4,932 Interest and investment income   6,932   3,594 Miscellaneous - net   (107 )   (775 ) TOTAL   11,175   7,751           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   27,252   32,782 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (1,962 )   (2,715 ) TOTAL   25,290   30,067           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   25,732   32,062           Income taxes   11,428   12,768           NET INCOME   14,304   19,294           Preferred dividend requirements   357   1,718           EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK   $13,947   $17,576           See Notes to Financial Statements.         75 Table of Contents (page left blank intentionally) 76 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $14,304   $19,294 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   105,721   102,975 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   16,361   20,645 Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   53,355   (4,405 ) Fuel inventory   (5,747 )   (5,825 ) Accounts payable   (73,635 )   55,077 Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   7,175   1,210 Interest accrued   8,562   5,228 Deferred fuel costs   (9,137 )   (37,198 ) Other working capital accounts   15,485   15,203 Provisions for estimated losses   1,997   355 Other regulatory assets   1,815   892 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (19,553 )   (24,288 ) Other assets and liabilities   37,838   (9,550 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   154,541   139,613           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (165,496 )   (171,090 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   4,557   5,080 Payment for purchase of plant   —   (236,947 ) Nuclear fuel purchases   (88,537 )   (22,692 ) Proceeds from sale of nuclear fuel   51,029   40,336 Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   36,013   58,604 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (40,961 )   (63,039 ) Changes in money pool receivable - net   —   (1,842 ) Changes in securitization account   (3,702 )   (3,413 ) Other   —   (103 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (207,097 )   (395,106 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   —   321,289 Retirement of long-term debt   —   (175,002 ) Capital contribution from parent   —   200,000 Changes in short-term borrowings - net   52,300   (11,690 ) Change in money pool payable - net   (20,224 )   (52,742 ) Dividends paid:         Preferred stock   (357 )   (1,718 ) Other   803   — Net cash flow provided by financing activities   32,522   280,137           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   (20,034 )   24,644 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   20,509   9,135 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $475   $33,779           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $17,311   $20,998 Income taxes   $—   $7,242           See Notes to Financial Statements.         77 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $139   $20,174 Temporary cash investments   336   335 Total cash and cash equivalents   475   20,509 Securitization recovery trust account   7,842   4,140 Accounts receivable:         Customer   91,838   102,229 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (1,197 )   (1,211 ) Associated companies   32,096   35,286 Other   38,312   58,153 Accrued unbilled revenues   80,246   100,193 Total accounts receivable   241,295   294,650 Deferred fuel costs   105,778   96,690 Fuel inventory - at average cost   38,507   32,760 Materials and supplies - at average cost   176,958   182,600 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   70,579   81,313 Prepayments and other   9,387   14,293 TOTAL   650,821   726,955           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Decommissioning trust funds   867,746   834,735 Other   5,538   7,912 TOTAL   873,284   842,647           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   10,459,549   10,488,060 Property under capital lease   679   716 Construction work in progress   391,018   304,073 Nuclear fuel   266,045   307,352 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   11,117,291   11,100,201 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   4,610,294   4,635,885 UTILITY PLANT - NET   6,506,997   6,464,316           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Regulatory asset for income taxes - net   63,986   62,646 Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $37,988 as of March 31, 2017 and $41,164 as of December 31, 2016)   1,424,874   1,428,029 Deferred fuel costs   66,947   66,898 Other   20,149   14,626 TOTAL   1,575,956   1,572,199           TOTAL ASSETS   $9,607,058   $9,606,117           See Notes to Financial Statements.         78 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $114,700   $114,700 Short-term borrowings   52,300   — Accounts payable:         Associated companies   161,666   239,711 Other   155,810   185,153 Customer deposits   97,817   97,512 Taxes accrued   14,369   7,194 Interest accrued   25,142   16,580 Other   28,114   36,557 TOTAL   649,918   697,407           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   2,200,404   2,186,623 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   35,005   35,305 Other regulatory liabilities   329,342   305,907 Decommissioning   938,247   924,353 Accumulated provisions   20,679   18,682 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   404,654   424,234 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $48,216 as of March 31, 2017 and $48,139 as of December 31, 2016)   2,715,778   2,715,085 Other   14,417   13,854 TOTAL   6,658,526   6,624,043           Commitments and Contingencies                   Preferred stock without sinking fund   31,350   31,350           COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, $0.01 par value, authorized 325,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 46,980,196 shares in 2017 and 2016   470   470 Paid-in capital   790,243   790,243 Retained earnings   1,476,551   1,462,604 TOTAL   2,267,264   2,253,317           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $9,607,058   $9,606,117           See Notes to Financial Statements.         79 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)               Common Equity         Common Stock   Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Total     (In Thousands)                   Balance at December 31, 2015   $470   $588,493   $1,302,695   $1,891,658                   Net income   —   —   19,294   19,294 Capital contribution from parent   —   200,000   —   200,000 Preferred stock dividends   —   —   (1,718 )   (1,718 )                   Balance at March 31, 2016   $470   $788,493   $1,320,271   $2,109,234                                     Balance at December 31, 2016   $470   $790,243   $1,462,604   $2,253,317                   Net income   —   —   14,304   14,304 Preferred stock dividends   —   —   (357 )   (357 )                   Balance at March 31, 2017   $470   $790,243   $1,476,551   $2,267,264                   See Notes to Financial Statements.                 80 Table of Contents ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)                       Increase/     Description   2017   2016   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:             Residential   $183   $192   ($9 )   (5 ) Commercial   106   110   (4 )   (4 ) Industrial   96   100   (4 )   (4 ) Governmental   4   4   —   — Total retail   389   406   (17 )   (4 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   32   (32 )   64   200 Non-associated companies   45   38   7   18 Other   8   53   (45 )   (85 ) Total   $474   $465   $9   2                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   1,927   2,024   (97 )   (5 ) Commercial   1,315   1,340   (25 )   (2 ) Industrial   1,681   1,576   105   7 Governmental   56   56   —   — Total retail   4,979   4,996   (17 )   — Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   446   425   21   5 Non-associated companies   1,962   2,556   (594 )   (23 ) Total   7,387   7,977   (590 )   (7 ) 81 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income decreased $17.2 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses and higher depreciation and amortization expenses, partially offset by higher other income. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits.  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the first quarter 2017 to the first quarter 2016:   Amount   (In Millions) 2016 net revenue $563.9 Net wholesale revenue (9.8 ) Volume/weather (4.3 ) Transmission equalization (3.1 ) Retail electric price 18.7 Other (4.3 ) 2017 net revenue $561.1 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower capacity revenues resulting from the termination of the purchased power agreements between Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Texas in August 2016.      The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 296 GWh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales and a decrease in industrial usage.  The decrease in industrial usage is primarily due to extended seasonal outages for an existing large refinery customer, partially offset by expansion projects in the chemicals industry.  The transmission equalization variance is primarily due to changes in transmission investments, including Entergy Louisiana’s exit from the System Agreement in August 2016. The retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan revenues, implemented with the first billing cycle of March 2016, to collect the estimated first-year revenue requirement related to the purchase of Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station in March 2016.  See Note 2 to the financial statements herein  and in the Form 10-K for further discussion of formula rate plan revenues.              Other Income Statement Variances Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to: • an increase of $5.9 million in loss provisions; • an increase of $4.7 million in compensation and benefits costs   primarily due to a revision to estimated incentive compensation expense in first quarter 2016 ; and 82 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis • an increase of $4.7 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to the purchase of Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station in March 2016. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station purchased in March 2016.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. Other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2017, which included the St. Charles Power Station project, and higher realized gains in 2017 on the River Bend and Waterford 3 decommissioning trust fund investments. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 31.3% for the first quarter 2017.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2017 versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to book and tax differences related to the non-taxable income distributions earned on preferred membership interests and book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction, partially offset by state income taxes and a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset.  The effective income tax rate was 30.8% for the first quarter 2016.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2016 versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to book and tax differences related to the non-taxable income distributions earned on preferred membership interests, partially offset by state income taxes.  Louisiana Tax Legislation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Louisiana Tax Legislation ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the Louisiana tax legislation. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $213,850   $35,102         Cash flow provided by (used in):           Operating activities 339,704   148,481     Investing activities (472,011 )   (872,761 )     Financing activities (14,250 )   801,126 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (146,557 )   76,846         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $67,293   $111,948 83 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $191.2 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • income tax refunds of $116.9 million in 2017 compared to income tax payments of $22.7 million in 2016. Entergy Louisiana received income tax refunds in 2017 and made income tax payments in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  The income tax refunds in 2017 resulted from the utilization of Entergy Louisiana’s net operating losses.  The income tax payments in 2016 related to the 2016 payments for state taxes resulting from the effect of the final settlement of the 2006-2007 IRS audit.  See Note 3 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the audit;  • an interest payment of $60 million made in March 2016 related to the purchase of a beneficial interest in the Waterford 3 leased assets; and • the timing of collections from customers and payments to vendors. The increase was partially offset by: • a refund to customers in January 2017 of approximately $71 million as a result of the settlement approved by the LPSC related to the Waterford 3 replacement steam generator project.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the settlement and refund; • a decrease due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2017; and • an increase of $10.6 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages in 2017. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $400.8 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • the purchase of Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $474 million in March 2016.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase; and • the deposit in March 2016 of $197 million held in trust as a result of the issuance by the Louisiana Public Facilities Authority of $83.68 million of 3.375% pollution control refunding revenue bonds and $115 million of 3.50% pollution control refunding revenue bonds. The decrease was partially offset by: • fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the Utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; • an increase of $102 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to higher spending on the St. Charles Power Station project in 2017; • an increase of $28.1 million in transmission construction expenditures due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016; and • an increase of $16.8 million due in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on various nuclear projects in 2017. 84 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Financing Activities Entergy Louisiana’s financing activities used $14.3 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to providing $801.1 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to the following activity: • the net retirement of $57.5 million of long-term debt in 2017 compared to the net issuance of $783.2 million in 2016; • common equity distributions of $42.1 million in first quarter 2017.  There were no distributions in first quarter 2016 in anticipation of the purchase of Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station; and  • an increase in net borrowings of $70.4 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities’ credit facilities in 2017. See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt. Capital Structure Entergy Louisiana’s capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.      March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 Debt to capital 53.3 %   53.4 % Effect of excluding securitization bonds (0.5 %)   (0.5 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 52.8 %   52.9 % Effect of subtracting cash (0.3 %)   (0.9 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 52.5 %   52.0 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Louisiana. Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Louisiana uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Louisiana’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Louisiana, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy Louisiana also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Louisiana’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Louisiana’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Louisiana’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K.   Entergy Louisiana’s receivables from the money pool were as follows: March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   March 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 (In Thousands) $30,550   $22,503   $13,713   $6,154 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. 85 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy Louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $350 million scheduled to expire in August 2021.  The credit facility allows Entergy Louisiana to issue letters of credit against 50% of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As of  March 31, 2017 , there were no cash borrowings and $3.4 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility.  In addition, Entergy Louisiana is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of  March 31, 2017 , a $15.8 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy Louisiana’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities.   The Entergy Louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entities have two separate credit facilities, one in the amount of $105 million and one in the amount of $85 million, both scheduled to expire in May 2019.  As of  March 31, 2017 , $18.8 million in loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the Entergy Louisiana River Bend nuclear fuel company variable interest entity and $72.5 million in letters of credit were outstanding under the credit facility to support a like amount of commercial paper issued by the Entergy Louisiana Waterford 3 nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facilities. Lake Charles Power Station In November 2016, Entergy Louisiana filed an application with the LPSC seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the Lake Charles Power Station, a nominal 994 MW combined-cycle generating unit in Westlake, Louisiana, on land adjacent to the existing Nelson plant in Calcasieu Parish.  The current estimated cost of the Lake Charles Power Station is $872 million, including estimated costs of transmission interconnection and other related costs.  Testimony was filed by LPSC staff and an intervenor.  The LPSC staff testimony concludes that the construction of the project serves the public convenience and necessity.  The intervenor contends that Entergy Louisiana has not established a need for Lake Charles Power Station in the proposed timeframe (2020 commercial operation date) and presents questions regarding the scope and timing of generation deactivations and capacity needs.  The request for proposal independent monitor also filed testimony and a report affirming that the Lake Charles Power Station resource was selected through an objective and fair request for proposal that showed no undue preference to any proposal.  A procedural schedule has been issued, with an evidentiary hearing scheduled for May 2017.  Subject to timely approval by the LPSC and receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2020.    Washington Parish Energy Center In April 2017, Entergy Louisiana signed a purchase and sale agreement with a subsidiary of Calpine Corporation for the acquisition of a peaking plant.  Calpine will construct the plant, which will consist of two natural gas-fired combustion turbine units with a total nominal capacity of approximately 360 MW. The plant, named the Washington Parish Energy Center, will be located in Bogalusa, Louisiana and is expected to be completed in 2021.  Subject to relevant regulatory approvals, Entergy Louisiana will purchase the plant once it is complete. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel Cost Recovery ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation and fuel cost recovery.  The following are updates to that discussion. Retail Rates - Electric 2015 Formula Rate Plan Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in May 2016, Entergy Louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2015 calendar year operations.  The LPSC’s review is pending.  Also, in November 2016, Entergy Louisiana  86 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis filed with the LPSC a request to extend the MISO cost recovery mechanism rider provision of its formula rate plan.  A procedural schedule was established, including a hearing in July 2017.  In March 2017 the LPSC staff submitted direct testimony generally supportive of a one-year extension of the MISO cost recovery mechanism and the intervenor in the proceeding does not oppose an extension for this period of time.  Waterford 3 Replacement Steam Generator Project See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Waterford 3 replacement steam generator project prudence review proceeding.  The refund to customers of approximately $71 million as a result of the settlement approved by the LPSC was made to customers in January 2017. Union Power Station As a term of the LPSC-approved settlement authorizing the purchase of Power Blocks 3 and 4 of the Union Power Station, Entergy Louisiana agreed to make a filing with the LPSC to review its decisions to deactivate Ninemile 3 and Willow Glen 2 and 4 and its decision to retire Little Gypsy 1.  In January 2016, Entergy Louisiana made its compliance filing with the LPSC.  Entergy Louisiana, LPSC staff, and intervenors participated in a technical conference in March 2016 where Entergy Louisiana presented information on its deactivation/retirement decisions for these four units in addition to information on the current deactivation decisions for the ten-year planning horizon.  Parties have requested further proceedings on the prudence of the decision to deactivate Willow Glen 2 and 4.  No party contests the prudence of the decision to deactivate Willow Glen 2 and 4 or suggests reactivation of these units; however, issues have been raised related to Entergy Louisiana’s decision to retire Willow Glen 2 and 4, as opposed to temporarily suspending those units.  This matter is pending before an ALJ, with an evidentiary hearing scheduled to commence in July 2017.  The ALJ recently dismissed claims of an industrial user regarding a proposed process for future deactivation because the LPSC initiated a generic rulemaking to consider whether the LPSC should review deactivation decisions prior to implementation.  Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in November 2016, Entergy Louisiana filed an application seeking a finding from the LPSC that Entergy Louisiana’s deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest. This matter is pending before an ALJ, and an evidentiary hearing is scheduled for September 2017. Retail Rates - Gas  2016 Rate Stabilization Plan Filing In January 2017, Entergy Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended September 30, 2016.  The filing of the evaluation report for test year 2016 reflected an earned return on common equity of 6.37%.  As part of the original filing, pursuant to the extraordinary cost provision of the rate stabilization plan, Entergy Louisiana sought to recover approximately $1.5 million in deferred operation and maintenance expenses incurred to restore service and repair damage resulting from flooding and widespread rainfall in southeast Louisiana that occurred in August 2016.  Entergy Louisiana requested to recover the prudently incurred August 2016 storm restoration costs over ten years, outside of the rate stabilization plan sharing provisions.  As a result, Entergy Louisiana’s filing sought an annual increase in revenue of $1.4 million.  Following review of the filing, except for the proposed extraordinary cost recovery, the LPSC staff confirmed Entergy Louisiana’s filing was consistent with the principles and requirements of the rate stabilization plan.  The extraordinary cost recovery request associated with the 2016 flood-related deferred operation and maintenance expenses incurred for gas operations was removed from the rate stabilization plan pending LPSC consideration in a separate docket.  In April 2017 the LPSC approved a joint report of proceedings and Entergy Louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report reflecting a $1.2 million annual increase in revenue with rates implemented with the first billing cycle of May 2017. 87 Table of Contents Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Fuel and purchased power cost recovery       As discussed in the Form 10-K, in June 2016 the LPSC staff provided notice of audits of Entergy Louisiana’s fuel adjustment clause filings and purchased gas adjustment clause filings.  Discovery commenced in March 2017. Industrial and Commercial Customers See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Industrial and Commercial Customers ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of industrial and commercial customers. Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy Louisiana’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, unbilled revenue, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 88 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           Three Months Ended     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $864,076   $936,431 Natural gas   16,707   18,714 TOTAL   880,783   955,145           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   154,044   202,083 Purchased power   239,827   191,398 Nuclear refueling outage expenses   12,185   12,780 Other operation and maintenance   223,230   206,064 Decommissioning   12,123   11,508 Taxes other than income taxes   45,283   42,362 Depreciation and amortization   115,630   109,591 Other regulatory credits - net   (74,187 )   (2,259 ) TOTAL   728,135   773,527           OPERATING INCOME   152,648   181,618           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   9,990   7,238 Interest and investment income   39,830   37,416 Miscellaneous - net   (3,024 )   (3,745 ) TOTAL   46,796   40,909           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   67,315   65,076 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (5,174 )   (3,897 ) TOTAL   62,141   61,179           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   137,303   161,348           Income taxes   42,925   49,742           NET INCOME   $94,378   $111,606           See Notes to Financial Statements.         89 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)       Three Months Ended   2017   2016   (In Thousands)         Net Income $94,378   $111,606 Other comprehensive loss       Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax benefit of $232 and $115) (370 )   (263 ) Other comprehensive loss (370 )   (263 ) Comprehensive Income $94,008   $111,343         See Notes to Financial Statements.       90 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $94,378   $111,606 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   151,472   146,870 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   163,299   172,887 Changes in working capital:         Receivables   75,196   (25,879 ) Fuel inventory   3,066   (2,538 ) Accounts payable   (7,846 )   (110,500 ) Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   22,563   (104,444 ) Interest accrued   5,983   (2,185 ) Deferred fuel costs   (19,487 )   45,511 Other working capital accounts   (20,810 )   1,387 Changes in provisions for estimated losses   (4,059 )   (2,695 ) Changes in other regulatory assets   28,922   30,033 Changes in other regulatory liabilities   (59,969 )   (998 ) Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities   (17,054 )   (19,115 ) Other   (75,950 )   (91,459 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   339,704   148,481           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (360,693 )   (206,572 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   9,990   7,238 Payment for purchase of plant   —   (473,888 ) Nuclear fuel purchases   (139,620 )   (26,684 ) Proceeds from the sale of nuclear fuel   28,884   47,565 Receipts from storm reserve escrow account   8,836   — Payments to storm reserve escrow account   (332 )   — Changes to securitization account   (5,527 )   (5,506 ) Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   40,586   53,793 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (51,393 )   (64,337 ) Changes in money pool receivable - net   (8,047 )   (7,559 ) Funds held on deposit   —   (196,568 ) Insurance proceeds   5,305   — Other   —   (243 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (472,011 )   (872,761 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   —   809,369 Retirement of long-term debt   (57,499 )   (26,189 ) Changes in credit borrowings - net   87,504   17,094 Distributions paid:         Common equity   (42,125 )   — Other   (2,130 )   852 Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   (14,250 )   801,126           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   (146,557 )   76,846 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   213,850   35,102 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $67,293   $111,948           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $59,261   $125,589 Income taxes   ($116,937 )   $22,676           See Notes to Financial Statements.         91 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $2,639   $49,972 Temporary cash investments   64,654   163,878 Total cash and cash equivalents   67,293   213,850 Accounts receivable:         Customer   173,598   213,517 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (6,889 )   (6,277 ) Associated companies   136,949   155,794 Other   48,471   54,186 Accrued unbilled revenues   152,848   159,176 Total accounts receivable   504,977   576,396 Fuel inventory   47,672   50,738 Materials and supplies - at average cost   286,906   294,421 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   58,207   22,535 Prepaid taxes   87,541   110,104 Prepayments and other   35,109   41,687 TOTAL   1,087,705   1,309,731           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Investment in affiliate preferred membership interests   1,390,587   1,390,587 Decommissioning trust funds   1,190,105   1,140,707 Storm reserve escrow account   282,981   291,485 Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   227,684   217,494 Other   24,261   28,844 TOTAL   3,115,618   3,069,117           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   18,937,417   18,827,532 Natural gas   175,438   172,816 Construction work in progress   799,802   670,201 Nuclear fuel   361,069   249,807 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   20,273,726   19,920,356 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   8,475,891   8,420,596 UTILITY PLANT - NET   11,797,835   11,499,760           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Regulatory asset for income taxes - net   472,806   470,480 Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $88,126 as of March 31, 2017 and $92,951 as of December 31, 2016)   1,136,810   1,168,058 Deferred fuel costs   168,122   168,122 Other   20,982   16,003 TOTAL   1,798,720   1,822,663           TOTAL ASSETS   $17,799,878   $17,701,271           See Notes to Financial Statements.         92 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $161,506   $200,198 Short-term borrowings   72,497   3,794 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   71,512   82,106 Other   308,209   358,741 Customer deposits   149,063   148,601 Interest accrued   81,581   75,598 Deferred fuel costs   28,724   48,211 Other   70,178   80,013 TOTAL   943,270   997,262           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   2,849,713   2,691,118 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   125,523   126,741 Other regulatory liabilities   821,005   880,974 Decommissioning   1,096,846   1,082,685 Accumulated provisions   306,713   310,772 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   763,093   780,278 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $99,282 as of March 31, 2017 and $99,217 as of December 31, 2016)   5,613,849   5,612,593 Other   146,178   137,039 TOTAL   11,722,920   11,622,200           Commitments and Contingencies                   EQUITY         Member's equity   5,182,500   5,130,251 Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (48,812 )   (48,442 ) TOTAL   5,133,688   5,081,809           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $17,799,878   $17,701,271           See Notes to Financial Statements.         93 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Member’s Equity   Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Loss   Total   (In Thousands)                 Balance at December 31, 2015 $4,793,724   ($56,412 )   $4,737,312             Net income 111,606   —   111,606 Other comprehensive income —   (263 )   (263 ) Other (7 )   —   (7 )             Balance at March 31, 2016 $4,905,323   ($56,675 )   $4,848,648                         Balance at December 31, 2016 $5,130,251   ($48,442 )   $5,081,809             Net income 94,378   —   94,378 Other comprehensive loss —   (370 )   (370 ) Distributions declared on common equity (42,125 )   —   (42,125 ) Other (4 )   —   (4 )             Balance at March 31, 2017 $5,182,500   ($48,812 )   $5,133,688             See Notes to Financial Statements.           94 Table of Contents ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)                       Increase/     Description   2017   2016   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $221   $254   ($33 )   (13 ) Commercial   195   209   (14 )   (7 ) Industrial   325   326   (1 )   — Governmental   15   16   (1 )   (6 ) Total retail   756   805   (49 )   (6 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   62   89   (27 )   (30 ) Non-associated companies   14   6   8   133 Other   32   36   (4 )   — Total   $864   $936   ($72 )   (8 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   2,852   3,054   (202 )   (7 ) Commercial   2,540   2,566   (26 )   (1 ) Industrial   6,961   7,023   (62 )   (1 ) Governmental   193   199   (6 )   (3 ) Total retail   12,546   12,842   (296 )   (2 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   994   1,569   (575 )   (37 ) Non-associated companies   295   288   7   2 Total   13,835   14,699   (864 )   (6 )                   95 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income remained relatively unchanged for the first quarter 2017 compared to the first quarter 2016 . Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits.  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2017  to the  first quarter   2016 :   Amount   (In Millions) 2016 net revenue $149.6 Retail electric price 6.3 Volume/weather (2.3 ) Other 0.5 2017 net revenue $154.1      The retail electric price variance is primarily due to a $19.4 million net annual increase in revenues, as approved by the MPSC, effective with the first billing cycle of July 2016.  See Note 2 to the financial statements herein and in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the formula rate plan. The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 75 GWh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of less favorable weather on residential sales, partially offset by an increase in industrial usage.    The increase in industrial usage is primarily due to an increase in usage by the mid to small industrial sector, expansion projects in the pulp and paper industry, and new customers in the wood products industry.      Other Income Statement Variances Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to: • an increase of $1.4 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to a revision to estimated incentive compensation expense in first quarter 2016;  • an increase of $0.8 million in distribution expenses primarily due to higher vegetation maintenance; and • an increase of $0.6 million in energy efficiency costs. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was  41.0%  for the  first quarter   2017 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2017  versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset and state income taxes, partially offset by book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. 96 Table of Contents Entergy Mississippi, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis The effective income tax rate was  39.3%  for the  first quarter   2016 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2016  versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to state income taxes and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $76,834   $145,605         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities (9,132 )   30,276 Investing activities (79,691 )   (61,178 ) Financing activities 12,036   (757 ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (76,787 )   (31,659 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $47   $113,946 Operating Activities Entergy Mississippi’s operating activities used $9.1 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to providing $30.3 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 and the timing of collections from customers.  The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $8.9 million in income tax refunds in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016.  Entergy Mississippi received state income tax refunds of $15.1 million in 2017 and $6.2 million in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  The income tax refunds in 2017 resulted from the carryback of net operating losses. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities increased $18.5 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • an increase of $13.5 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016; • an increase of $6.6 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of non-storm related work performed in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016; and • an increase of $5.2 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. Financing Activities Entergy Mississippi’s financing activities provided $12 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to using $0.8 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to money pool activity. 97 Table of Contents Entergy Mississippi, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Increases in Entergy Mississippi’s payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Mississippi’s payable to the money pool increased by $12.3 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017 .  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Capital Structure Entergy Mississippi’s capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.    March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 Debt to capital 49.8 %   50.2 % Effect of subtracting cash — %   (1.8 %) Net debt to net capital 49.8 %   48.4 % Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Mississippi uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Mississippi’s financial condition.  Entergy Mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Mississippi’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Mississippi’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Mississippi’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K. Entergy Mississippi’s receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows: March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   March 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 (In Thousands) ($12,324)   $10,595   $15,549   $25,930 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool.      Entergy Mississippi has four separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $102.5 million scheduled to expire in May 2017.  Entergy Mississippi expects to renew its credit facilities prior to expiration.  No borrowings were outstanding under the credit facilities as of  March 31, 2017 .  In addition, Entergy Mississippi is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of  March 31, 2017 , a $7.1 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy Mississippi’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the formula rate plan and fuel and purchased power cost recovery.  The following are updates to that discussion. 98 Table of Contents Entergy Mississippi, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Formula Rate Plan In March 2017, Entergy Mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2017 test year filing and 2016 look-back filing showing Entergy Mississippi’s earned return for the historical 2016 calendar year and projected earned return for the 2017 calendar year to be within the formula rate plan bandwidth, resulting in no change in rates.  The filing is currently subject to MPSC review.    Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in November 2016, Entergy Mississippi filed an application seeking a finding from the MPSC that Entergy Mississippi’s deployment of advanced metering infrastructure is in the public interest.  In May 2017 the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff and Entergy Mississippi entered into and filed a joint stipulation supporting Entergy Mississippi’s filing, and the MPSC issued an order approving the filing without any material changes, finding that Entergy Mississippi’s deployment of AMI is in the public interest and granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity.  The MPSC order also confirmed that Entergy Mississippi shall continue to include in rate base the remaining book value of existing meters that will be retired as part of the AMI deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates.      Mississippi Attorney General Complaint As discussed in the Form 10-K, the Mississippi attorney general filed a complaint in state court in December 2008 against Entergy Corporation, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy Services, and Entergy Power.  The defendants have denied the allegations.  Discovery is currently in progress.        Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy Mississippi’s accounting for utility regulatory accounting, unbilled revenue, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 99 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $258,443   $263,046           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   39,140   61,380 Purchased power   71,070   55,383 Other operation and maintenance   55,173   51,273 Taxes other than income taxes   23,972   23,497 Depreciation and amortization   35,317   33,298 Other regulatory credits - net   (5,837 )   (3,358 ) TOTAL   218,835   221,473           OPERATING INCOME   39,608   41,573           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,843   1,286 Interest and investment income   26   121 Miscellaneous - net   (425 )   (705 ) TOTAL   1,444   702           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   12,672   14,742 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (720 )   (667 ) TOTAL   11,952   14,075           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   29,100   28,200           Income taxes   11,942   11,082           NET INCOME    17,158   17,118           Preferred dividend requirements and other   238   707           EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK   $16,920   $16,411           See Notes to Financial Statements.         100 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $17,158   $17,118 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities:         Depreciation and amortization   35,317   33,298 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   13,505   (7,095 ) Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   17,890   (5,118 ) Fuel inventory   2,672   (3,244 ) Accounts payable   (19,639 )   (3,329 ) Taxes accrued   (38,825 )   (24,009 ) Interest accrued   (2,953 )   (2,033 ) Deferred fuel costs   (5,236 )   40,350 Other working capital accounts   (578 )   (979 ) Provisions for estimated losses   (1,772 )   (2,016 ) Other regulatory assets   (10,918 )   751 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (4,613 )   (6,015 ) Other assets and liabilities   (11,140 )   (7,403 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities   (9,132 )   30,276           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (92,087 )   (72,764 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,843   1,286 Changes in money pool receivable - net   10,595   10,381 Other   (42 )   (81 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (79,691 )   (61,178 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Change in money pool payable - net   12,324   — Dividends paid:         Preferred stock   (238 )   (707 ) Other   (50 )   (50 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   12,036   (757 )           Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents   (76,787 )   (31,659 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   76,834   145,605 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $47   $113,946           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $15,036   $16,137 Income taxes   ($15,087 )   ($6,175 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         101 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $40   $16 Temporary cash investments   7   76,818 Total cash and cash equivalents   47   76,834 Accounts receivable:         Customer   52,724   51,218 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (554 )   (549 ) Associated companies   27,529   45,973 Other   6,112   12,006 Accrued unbilled revenues   45,679   51,327 Total accounts receivable   131,490   159,975 Deferred fuel costs   12,193   6,957 Fuel inventory - at average cost   48,200   50,872 Materials and supplies - at average cost   41,833   41,146 Prepayments and other   7,799   8,873 TOTAL   241,562   344,657           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   4,604   4,608 Escrow accounts   31,826   31,783 TOTAL   36,430   36,391           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   4,333,218   4,321,214 Property under capital lease   1,234   1,590 Construction work in progress   154,285   118,182 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   4,488,737   4,440,986 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   1,601,042   1,602,711 UTILITY PLANT - NET   2,887,695   2,838,275           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Regulatory asset for income taxes - net   38,694   38,284 Other regulatory assets   352,721   342,213 Other   5,732   2,320 TOTAL   397,147   382,817           TOTAL ASSETS   $3,562,834   $3,602,140           See Notes to Financial Statements.         102 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accounts payable:         Associated companies   $53,350   $43,647 Other   54,982   80,227 Customer deposits   84,619   84,112 Taxes accrued   25,215   64,040 Interest accrued   18,700   21,653 Other   8,351   9,554 TOTAL   245,217   303,233           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   873,335   861,331 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   8,627   8,667 Asset retirement cost liabilities   8,844   8,722 Accumulated provisions   52,668   54,440 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   104,941   109,551 Long-term debt   1,121,139   1,120,916 Other   15,971   20,108 TOTAL   2,185,525   2,183,735           Commitments and Contingencies                   Preferred stock without sinking fund   20,381   20,381           COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, no par value, authorized 12,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 8,666,357 shares in 2017 and 2016   199,326   199,326 Capital stock expense and other   167   167 Retained earnings   912,218   895,298 TOTAL   1,111,711   1,094,791           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $3,562,834   $3,602,140           See Notes to Financial Statements.         103 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Common Stock   Capital Stock  Expense and Other   Retained Earnings   Total   (In Thousands)                 Balance at December 31, 2015 $199,326   ($690 )   $813,414   $1,012,050                 Net income —   —   17,118   17,118 Preferred stock dividends —   —   (707 )   (707 )                 Balance at March 31, 2016 $199,326   ($690 )   $829,825   $1,028,461                                 Balance at December 31, 2016 $199,326   $167   $895,298   $1,094,791                 Net income —   —   17,158   17,158 Preferred stock dividends —   —   (238 )   (238 )                 Balance at March 31, 2017 $199,326   $167   $912,218   $1,111,711                 See Notes to Financial Statements.               104 Table of Contents ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)                       Increase/     Description   2017   2016   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $111   $116   ($5 )   (4 ) Commercial   92   92   —   — Industrial   36   34   2   6 Governmental   9   10   (1 )   (10 ) Total retail   248   252   (4 )   (2 ) Sales for resale:                 Non-associated companies   5   5   —   — Other   5   6   (1 )   (17 ) Total   $258   $263   ($5 )   (2 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   1,190   1,285   (95 )   (7 ) Commercial   1,062   1,079   (17 )   (2 ) Industrial   586   549   37   7 Governmental   98   98   —   — Total retail   2,936   3,011   (75 )   (2 ) Sales for resale:                 Non-associated companies   181   132   49   37 Total   3,117   3,143   (26 )   (1 ) 105 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income remained relatively unchanged, decreasing by $0.2 million, for the first quarter 2017 compared to the first quarter 2016 because higher net revenue was offset by higher taxes other than income taxes and higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges.  Following is an analysis of the changes in net revenue comparing the  first  quarter 2017 to the  first  quarter 2016:   Amount   (In Millions) 2016 net revenue $68.0 Retail electric price 5.1 Net gas revenue (1.9 ) Volume/weather (3.1 ) Other 2.1 2017 net revenue $70.2 The retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider, as approved by the City Council, effective with the first billing cycle of March 2016, primarily related to the purchase of Power Block 1 of the Union Power Station in March 2016.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider. The net gas revenue variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather, primarily on residential sales. The volume/weather variance is primarily due to a decrease of 35 GWh, or 3%, in billed electricity usage, primarily in the residential sector. Other Income Statement Variances  Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in local franchise taxes resulting from higher electric retail revenues in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 and an increase in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher assessments, offset by higher capitalized taxes. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including the purchase of Power Block 1 of the Union Power Station in March 2016, partially offset by the deactivation of Michoud Units 2 and 3 effective May 2016. 106 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 36.4% for the first quarter 2017.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2017 versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to state income taxes, certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, and a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset, partially offset by flow-through tax accounting.      The effective income tax rate was 37.2% for the first quarter 2016.  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2016 versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to state income taxes and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, partially offset by flow-through tax accounting. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $103,068   $88,876         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 5,619   4,453 Investing activities (40,751 )   (242,386 ) Financing activities (11,868 )   155,025 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (47,000 )   (82,908 )         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $56,068   $5,968 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $1.2 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to income tax payments of $2.5 million in 2016 primarily due to payments made for state tax liabilities. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $201.6 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to the purchase of Power Block 1 of the Union Power Station for approximately $237 million in March 2016, partially offset by money pool activity and an increase of $7 million in storm spending in 2017.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. Increases in Entergy New Orleans’s receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy New Orleans’s receivable from the money pool increased $12.1 million in 2017 compared to decreasing $15.1 million in 2016.  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. 107 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Financing Activities Entergy New Orleans’s financing activities used $11.9 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to providing $155 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • the issuance of $110 million of 5.50% Series first mortgage bonds in March 2016;  • a $47.8 million capital contribution received from Entergy Corporation in March 2016 in anticipation of Entergy New Orleans’s purchase of Power Block 1 of the Union Power Station; and  • $12.2 million in common stock dividends paid in first quarter 2017.  There were no common stock dividends paid in first quarter 2016 in anticipation of the purchase of Power Block 1 of the Union Power Station in March 2016. See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt.  See Note 14 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for discussion of the Union Power Station purchase. Capital Structure  Entergy New Orleans’s capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.    March 31,  2017   December 31, 2016 Debt to capital 50.2 %   50.1 % Effect of excluding securitization bonds  (5.2 %)   (5.2 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds  (a) 45.0 %   44.9 % Effect of subtracting cash (4.1 %)   (8.0 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds  (a) 40.9 %   36.9 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy New Orleans. Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings, long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion, and the long-term payable to Entergy Louisiana.  Capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy New Orleans uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy New Orleans’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy New Orleans, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy New Orleans also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy New Orleans’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy New Orleans’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources   ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy New Orleans’s uses and sources of capital. Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K.   108 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Entergy New Orleans’s receivables from the money pool were as follows: March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   March 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 (In Thousands) $26,315   $14,215   $735   $15,794 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. Entergy New Orleans has a credit facility in the amount of $25 million scheduled to expire in November 2018.  The credit facility allows Entergy New Orleans to issue letters of credit against $10 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As of  March 31, 2017 , there were no cash borrowings and a $0.8 million letter of credit was outstanding under the facility.  In addition, Entergy New Orleans is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of  March 31, 2017 , a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy New Orleans’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. New Orleans Power Station In June 2016, Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the City Council seeking a public interest determination and authorization to construct the New Orleans Power Station, a 226 MW advanced combustion turbine in New Orleans, Louisiana, at the site of the existing Michoud generating facility, which facility was deactivated effective May 31, 2016. The current estimated cost of the New Orleans Power Station is $216 million.  Subject to timely approval by the City Council and receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by late-2019.  In January 2017 several intervenors filed testimony opposing the construction of the New Orleans Power Station on various grounds.  In February 2017, Entergy New Orleans filed a motion to temporarily suspend the procedural schedule to allow for further analysis regarding its proposal, and that motion was granted.  A status conference was held in March 2017 wherein the hearing officer suspended the procedural schedule until Entergy New Orleans files a supplemental and amending application, currently expected to occur in second quarter 2017.  In April 2017, Entergy New Orleans filed a status report with the City Council advising that it was in the process of conducting additional analyses regarding generation needed to meet the future electricity needs of New Orleans and stating that it expects to include in the supplemental and amending application a request for approval of either the original New Orleans Power Station combustion turbine or an alternative proposal for an approximately 126 MW unit, as well as a commitment to pursue up to 100 MW of renewable resources to serve New Orleans.          State and Local Rate Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   State and Local Rate Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation.  The following are updates to that discussion. Retail Rates  As discussed in the Form 10-K, in February 2017, Entergy New Orleans filed a proposed implementation plan for the Energy Smart program from April 2017 through March 2020.  As part of the proposal, Entergy New Orleans requested that the City Council identify its desired level of funding for the program during this time period and approve a cost recovery mechanism.  In April 2017 the City Council approved an implementation plan for the Energy Smart program from April 2017 through December 2019.  The City Council directed that the $11.8 million balance reported for Energy Smart funds be used to continue funding the program for Entergy New Orleans’s legacy customers and that the Energy Smart Algiers program continue to be funded through the Algiers fuel adjustment clause, until additional customer funding is required for the legacy customers.  The City Council ordered Entergy New Orleans to submit a supplemental and amended implementation plan for program years 8 and 9 of the Energy Smart program (January 2018 through December 2019) in October 2017.  Following that filing, the City Council will determine a specific cost  109 Table of Contents Entergy New Orleans, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis recovery mechanism for the program for both legacy and Algiers customers.  The City Council will not permit Entergy New Orleans to recover lost contribution to fixed costs for program years 7, 8, or 9 of the Energy Smart program. Internal Restructuring      As discussed in the Form 10-K, in July 2016, Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the City Council seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of Entergy New Orleans to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing Entergy subsidiary holding company.  In May 2017 the City Council adopted a resolution approving the proposed internal restructuring pursuant to an agreement in principle with the City Council advisors and certain intervenors.  Pursuant to the agreement in principle, Entergy New Orleans will credit retail customers $10 million in 2017, $1.4 million in the first quarter of the year after the transaction closes, and $117,500 each month in the second year after the transaction closes until such time as new base rates go into effect as a result of the anticipated 2018 base rate case.  Additionally, if the FERC approves the transaction prior to December 31, 2018, Entergy New Orleans will credit retail customers $5 million in each of the years 2018, 2019, and 2020. Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) Filing As discussed in the Form 10-K, in October 2016, Entergy New Orleans filed an application seeking a finding from the City Council that Entergy New Orleans’s deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest.  In April 2017, Entergy New Orleans received intervenor testimony that is generally supportive of AMI deployment.   The City Council’s advisors are scheduled to file testimony in May 2017, and a hearing is currently set for July 2017.   Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  Nuclear Matters See“ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for further discussion.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in Entergy New Orleans’s accounting for utility regulatory accounting, unbilled revenue, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 110 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $142,345   $122,441 Natural gas   26,644   26,899 TOTAL   168,989   149,340           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   30,075   10,921 Purchased power   68,359   68,525 Other operation and maintenance   22,512   22,842 Taxes other than income taxes   12,846   11,512 Depreciation and amortization   13,050   11,764 Other regulatory charges - net   385   1,896 TOTAL   147,227   127,460           OPERATING INCOME   21,762   21,880           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   450   313 Interest and investment income   135   69 Miscellaneous - net   98   (245 ) TOTAL   683   137           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   5,343   4,373 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (158 )   (126 ) TOTAL   5,185   4,247           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   17,260   17,770           Income taxes   6,282   6,603           NET INCOME   10,978   11,167           Preferred dividend requirements and other   241   241           EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCK   $10,737   $10,926           See Notes to Financial Statements.         111 Table of Contents (page left blank intentionally) 112 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $10,978   $11,167 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation and amortization   13,050   11,764 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   7,102   (9,742 ) Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   (2,659 )   (5,346 ) Fuel inventory   1,798   1,518 Accounts payable   (11,920 )   (101 ) Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   (1,992 )   14,187 Interest accrued   34   (579 ) Deferred fuel costs   6,096   (5,288 ) Other working capital accounts   (13,106 )   (11,382 ) Provisions for estimated losses   (655 )   (532 ) Other regulatory assets   300   6,270 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (3,915 )   (4,102 ) Other assets and liabilities   508   (3,381 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   5,619   4,453           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (26,079 )   (17,931 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   450   313 Payment for purchase of plant   —   (236,944 ) Investment in affiliates   —   (38 ) Changes in money pool receivable - net   (12,100 )   15,059 Receipts from storm reserve escrow account   —   3 Payments to storm reserve escrow account   (110 )   (102 ) Changes in securitization account   (2,912 )   (2,746 ) Net cash flow used in investing activities   (40,751 )   (242,386 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   (10 )   106,786 Capital contribution from parent   —   47,750 Dividends paid:         Common stock   (12,200 )   — Preferred stock   (241 )   (241 ) Other   583   730 Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   (11,868 )   155,025           Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents   (47,000 )   (82,908 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   103,068   88,876 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $56,068   $5,968           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $5,043   $4,654 Income taxes   $—   $2,500           See Notes to Financial Statements.         113 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents         Cash   $1,026   $28 Temporary cash investments   55,042   103,040 Total cash and cash equivalents   56,068   103,068 Securitization recovery trust account   4,650   1,738 Accounts receivable:         Customer   45,409   43,536 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (3,090 )   (3,059 ) Associated companies   28,835   16,811 Other   10,688   5,926 Accrued unbilled revenues   14,385   18,254 Total accounts receivable   96,227   81,468 Deferred fuel costs   —   4,818 Fuel inventory - at average cost   43   1,841 Materials and supplies - at average cost   9,588   8,416 Prepaid taxes   6,371   4,379 Prepayments and other   18,610   6,587 TOTAL   191,557   212,315           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Non-utility property at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   1,016   1,016 Storm reserve escrow account   81,547   81,437 Other   4,787   7,160 TOTAL   87,350   89,613           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   1,251,117   1,258,934 Natural gas   243,424   240,408 Construction work in progress   34,337   24,975 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   1,528,878   1,524,317 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   600,391   604,825 UTILITY PLANT - NET   928,487   919,492           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Deferred fuel costs   4,080   4,080 Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $80,152 as of March 31, 2017 and $82,272 as of December 31, 2016)   267,806   268,106 Other   1,597   963 TOTAL   273,483   273,149           TOTAL ASSETS   $1,480,877   $1,494,569           See Notes to Financial Statements.         114 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Payable due to Entergy Louisiana   $2,104   $2,104 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   40,414   39,260 Other   21,095   35,920 Customer deposits   28,714   28,667 Interest accrued   5,477   5,443 Deferred fuel costs   1,278   — Other   9,084   11,415 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES   108,166   122,809           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   342,757   334,953 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   590   622 Regulatory liability for income taxes - net   7,491   9,074 Asset retirement cost liabilities   2,924   2,875 Accumulated provisions   87,858   88,513 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   32,835   36,750 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $84,836 as of March 31, 2017 and $84,776 as of December 31, 2016)   428,607   428,467 Long-term payable due to Entergy Louisiana   18,423   18,423 Gas system rebuild insurance proceeds   —   447 Other   5,963   4,910 TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES   927,448   925,034           Commitments and Contingencies                   Preferred stock without sinking fund   19,780   19,780           COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, $4 par value, authorized 10,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 8,435,900 shares in 2017 and 2016   33,744   33,744 Paid-in capital   171,544   171,544 Retained earnings   220,195   221,658 TOTAL   425,483   426,946           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $1,480,877   $1,494,569           See Notes to Financial Statements.         115 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Common Stock   Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Total   (In Thousands)                 Balance at December 31, 2015 $33,744   $123,794   $192,494   $350,032                 Net income —   —   11,167   11,167 Capital contribution from parent —   47,750   —   47,750 Preferred stock dividends —   —   (241 )   (241 )                 Balance at March 31, 2016 $33,744   $171,544   $203,420   $408,708                                 Balance at December 31, 2016 $33,744   $171,544   $221,658   $426,946                 Net income —   —   10,978   10,978 Common stock dividends —   —   (12,200 )   (12,200 ) Preferred stock dividends —   —   (241 )   (241 )                 Balance at March 31, 2017 $33,744   $171,544   $220,195   $425,483                 See Notes to Financial Statements.                  116 Table of Contents ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)                       Increase/     Description   2017   2016   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $53   $47   $6   13 Commercial   54   44   10   23 Industrial   8   7   1   14 Governmental   18   15   3   20 Total retail   133   113   20   18 Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   —   7   (7 )   (100 ) Non-associated companies   9   —   9   — Other   —   2   (2 )   (100 ) Total   $142   $122   $20   16                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   456   499   (43 )   (9 ) Commercial   515   510   5   1 Industrial   98   101   (3 )   (3 ) Governmental   184   178   6   3 Total retail   1,253   1,288   (35 )   (3 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   —   242   (242 )   (100 ) Non-associated companies   507   14   493   3,521 Total   1,760   1,544   216   14                                     117 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations Net Income Net income decreased $3.7 million primarily due to higher depreciation and amortization expense and higher taxes other than income taxes, partially offset by higher net revenue. Net Revenue Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges.  Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing the  first quarter   2017  to the  first quarter   2016 :   Amount   (In Millions) 2016 net revenue $138.2 Volume/weather 10.3 Purchased power capacity 7.6 Retail electric price 3.9 Net wholesale revenue (18.6 ) Other (1.1 ) 2017 net revenue $140.3      The volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase in usage during the unbilled sales period, partially offset by a decrease of 97 GWh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, primarily in the residential and commercial sectors.           The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to decreased expenses due to the termination of the purchased power agreements between Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Texas in August 2016. The retail electric price variance is primarily due to the implementation of the transmission cost recovery factor rider, as approved by the PUCT and implemented in September 2016.  See Note 2 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for further discussion of the transmission cost recovery factor rider filing. The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower capacity revenues resulting from the termination of the purchased power agreements between Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Texas in August 2016.      Other Income Statement Variances Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service. Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher assessments, partially offset by higher capitalized taxes, and an increase in local franchise taxes resulting from an increase in gross receipts taxes and city franchise tax. Other income decreased primarily due to a decrease in the allowance for equity funds used during construction resulting from decreased transmission spending in 2017. 118 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Income Taxes The effective income tax rate was 43.2% for the  first quarter   2017 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2017  versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to a write-off of a stock-based compensation deferred tax asset and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, partially offset by book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. The effective income tax rate was 37.9% for the  first quarter   2016 .  The difference in the effective income tax rate for the  first quarter   2016  versus the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to state income taxes and certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items, partially offset by book and tax differences related to the allowance for equity funds used during construction. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $6,181   $2,182         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 59,580   75,735 Investing activities (69,587 )   (88,057 ) Financing activities 3,914   76,473 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (6,093 )   64,151         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $88   $66,333 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $16.2 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.  The decrease was partially offset by a decrease in interest paid in 2017 and an increase of $2.7 million in income tax refunds in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016.  Entergy Texas received income tax refunds of $3.4 million in 2017 and $0.8 million in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $18.5 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to a decrease of $28.7 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 and money pool activity.  The decrease was partially offset by cash collateral of $14 million posted in March 2017 to support Entergy Texas’s obligations to MISO and an increase of $6.6 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016.  Decreases in Entergy Texas’s receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Texas’s receivable from the money pool decreased by $0.7 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to increasing by $8.9 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016 .  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. 119 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Financing Activities Net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $72.6 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to the issuance of $125 million of 2.55% Series first mortgage bonds in March 2016, partially offset by money pool activity.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt. Increases in Entergy Texas’s payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Texas’s payable to the money pool increased by $28.9 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to decreasing by $22.1 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016 .  Capital Structure Entergy Texas’s capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.    March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 Debt to capital 57.9 %   58.5 % Effect of excluding the securitization bonds (7.9 %)   (8.3 %) Debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 50.0 %   50.2 % Effect of subtracting cash — %   (0.1 %) Net debt to net capital, excluding securitization bonds (a) 50.0 %   50.1 % (a) Calculation excludes the securitization bonds, which are non-recourse to Entergy Texas. Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  Entergy Texas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Texas’s financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Texas, as more fully described in Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K.  Entergy Texas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Texas’s financial condition because net debt indicates Entergy Texas’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of Entergy Texas’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to information provided in the Form 10-K.   Entergy Texas’s receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows: March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   March 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 (In Thousands) ($28,941)   $681   $8,938   ($22,068) See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. Entergy Texas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in August 2021.  The credit facility allows Entergy Texas to issue letters of credit against 50% of the borrowing capacity of the facility.  As  120 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis of  March 31, 2017 , there were no cash borrowings and $4.7 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility.  In addition, Entergy Texas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO.  As of  March 31, 2017 , a $27.6 million letter of credit was outstanding under Entergy Texas’s uncommitted letter of credit facility.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the credit facilities. Montgomery County Power Station In October 2016, Entergy Texas filed an application with the PUCT seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the Montgomery County Power Station, a nominal 993 MW combined-cycle generating unit in Montgomery County, Texas on land adjacent to the existing Lewis Creek plant.  The current estimated cost of the Montgomery County Power Station is $937 million, including estimated costs of transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs.  The independent monitor, who oversaw the request for proposal process, filed testimony and a report affirming that the Montgomery County Power Station was selected through an objective and fair request for proposal that showed no undue preference to any proposal.  Discovery has commenced, and a procedural schedule has been established for this proceeding, including an evidentiary hearing in May 2017.  In March 2017 an intervenor filed direct testimony generally opposing certification of Montgomery County Power Station and proposed certain conditions if the certification is to be granted.  In April 2017, Entergy Texas and the independent monitor filed rebuttal testimony in accordance with the procedural schedule.  A PUCT decision regarding the application is expected by October 2017, pursuant to a Texas statute requiring the PUCT to issue a certificate of convenience and necessity within 366 days of the filing.  Subject to timely approval by the PUCT and receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2021.     State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   State and Local Rate Regulation and Fuel-Cost Recovery ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery.  The following are updates to that discussion. In September 2016, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a request to amend its transmission cost recovery factor (TCRF) rider.  The proposed amended TCRF rider is designed to collect approximately $29.5 million annually from Entergy Texas’s retail customers.  This amount includes the approximately $10.5 million annually that Entergy Texas is currently authorized to collect through the TCRF rider.  In September 2016 the PUCT suspended the effective date of the tariff change to March 2017.  In December 2016, Entergy Texas and the PUCT reached a settlement agreeing to the amended TCRF annual revenue requirement of $29.5 million.  The PUCT approved the settlement and issued a final order in March 2017.  Entergy Texas implemented the amended TCRF rider beginning with bills covering usage on and after March 20, 2017. Fuel and purchased power cost recovery As discussed in the Form 10-K, in July 2016, Entergy Texas filed an application to reconcile its fuel and purchased power costs for the period April 1, 2013 through March 31, 2016.  In December 2016, Entergy Texas entered into a stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in a $6 million disallowance not associated with any particular issue raised and a refund of the over-recovery balance of $21 million as of November 30, 2016, to most customers beginning April 2017 through June 2017.  The fuel reconciliation settlement was approved by the PUCT in March 2017. Federal Regulation See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Federal Regulation ”   in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation.  121 Table of Contents Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Industrial and Commercial Customers See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Industrial and Commercial Customers ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of industrial and commercial customers. Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for further discussion.  Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of utility regulatory accounting, unbilled revenue, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies.  New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 122 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $363,927   $378,304           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   58,013   92,404 Purchased power   150,384   130,412 Other operation and maintenance   53,906   53,035 Taxes other than income taxes   19,444   18,310 Depreciation and amortization   28,111   25,619 Other regulatory charges - net   15,227   17,255 TOTAL   325,085   337,035           OPERATING INCOME   38,842   41,269           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,281   2,432 Interest and investment income   201   200 Miscellaneous - net   (182 )   (416 ) TOTAL   1,300   2,216           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   21,808   21,601 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (761 )   (1,581 ) TOTAL   21,047   20,020           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   19,095   23,465           Income taxes   8,241   8,903           NET INCOME   $10,854   $14,562           See Notes to Financial Statements.         123 Table of Contents (page left blank intentionally) 124 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $10,854   $14,562 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation and amortization   28,111   25,619 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   (25,678 )   (26,970 ) Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   (683 )   2,118 Fuel inventory   4,581   2,860 Accounts payable   (1,150 )   (17,346 ) Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   16,110   18,871 Interest accrued   (6,816 )   (9,978 ) Deferred fuel costs   20,375   54,192 Other working capital accounts   1,422   1,957 Provisions for estimated losses   663   662 Other regulatory assets   23,762   24,310 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (5,814 )   (6,505 ) Other assets and liabilities   (6,157 )   (8,617 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   59,580   75,735           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (68,765 )   (91,843 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,320   2,460 Increase in other investments   (14,000 )   — Changes in money pool receivable - net   681   (8,938 ) Changes in securitization account   11,177   10,264 Net cash flow used in investing activities   (69,587 )   (88,057 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt   —   123,786 Retirement of long-term debt   (24,188 )   (23,458 ) Change in money pool payable - net   28,941   (22,068 ) Other   (839 )   (1,787 ) Net cash flow provided by financing activities   3,914   76,473           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   (6,093 )   64,151 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   6,181   2,182 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $88   $66,333           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $27,986   $30,969 Income taxes   ($3,446 )   ($756 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         125 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $59   $1,216 Temporary cash investments   29   4,965 Total cash and cash equivalents   88   6,181 Securitization recovery trust account   26,274   37,451 Accounts receivable:         Customer   64,907   71,803 Allowance for doubtful accounts   (794 )   (828 ) Associated companies   38,832   39,447 Other   15,901   14,756 Accrued unbilled revenues   46,061   39,727 Total accounts receivable   164,907   164,905 Fuel inventory - at average cost   32,596   37,177 Materials and supplies - at average cost   37,456   36,631 Prepayments and other   26,857   18,599 TOTAL   288,178   300,944           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Investments in affiliates - at equity   595   600 Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)   376   376 Other   18,909   18,801 TOTAL   19,880   19,777           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   4,334,548   4,274,069 Construction work in progress   96,598   111,227 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   4,431,146   4,385,296 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   1,528,921   1,526,057 UTILITY PLANT - NET   2,902,225   2,859,239           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Regulatory asset for income taxes - net   105,339   105,816 Other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $370,084 as of March 31, 2017 and $384,609 as of December 31, 2016)   716,871   740,156 Other   9,269   7,149 TOTAL   831,479   853,121           TOTAL ASSETS   $4,041,762   $4,033,081           See Notes to Financial Statements.         126 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accounts payable:         Associated companies   $76,272   $47,867 Other   81,186   77,342 Customer deposits   43,630   44,419 Taxes accrued   31,461   15,351 Interest accrued   19,161   25,977 Deferred fuel costs   74,918   54,543 Other   6,671   9,388 TOTAL   333,299   274,887           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   999,737   1,027,647 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   12,696   12,934 Other regulatory liabilities   6,004   8,502 Asset retirement cost liabilities   6,559   6,470 Accumulated provisions   8,247   7,584 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   61,507   67,313 Long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $405,008 as of March 31, 2017 and $429,043 as of December 31, 2016)   1,484,583   1,508,407 Other   49,282   50,343 TOTAL   2,628,615   2,689,200           Commitments and Contingencies                   COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, no par value, authorized 200,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 46,525,000 shares in 2017 and 2016   49,452   49,452 Paid-in capital   481,994   481,994 Retained earnings   548,402   537,548 TOTAL   1,079,848   1,068,994           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $4,041,762   $4,033,081           See Notes to Financial Statements.         127 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Common Stock   Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Total   (In Thousands)                 Balance at December 31, 2015 $49,452   $481,994   $430,010   $961,456                 Net income —   —   14,562   14,562                 Balance at March 31, 2016 $49,452   $481,994   $444,572   $976,018                                 Balance at December 31, 2016 $49,452   $481,994   $537,548   $1,068,994                 Net income —   —   10,854   10,854                 Balance at March 31, 2017 $49,452   $481,994   $548,402   $1,079,848                 See Notes to Financial Statements.               128 Table of Contents ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED OPERATING RESULTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)                       Increase/     Description   2017   2016   (Decrease)   %     (Dollars In Millions)     Electric Operating Revenues:                 Residential   $137   $135   $2   1 Commercial   90   84   6   7 Industrial   100   94   6   6 Governmental   6   6   —   — Total retail   333   319   14   4 Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   13   53   (40 )   (75 ) Non-associated companies   5   6   (1 )   (17 ) Other   13   —   13   — Total   $364   $378   ($14 )   (4 )                   Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):                 Residential   1,213   1,275   (62 )   (5 ) Commercial   1,006   1,017   (11 )   (1 ) Industrial   1,790   1,807   (17 )   (1 ) Governmental   63   70   (7 )   (10 ) Total retail   4,072   4,169   (97 )   (2 ) Sales for resale:                 Associated companies   338   1,422   (1,084 )   (76 ) Non-associated companies   77   149   (72 )   (48 ) Total   4,487   5,740   (1,253 )   (22 ) 129 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations System Energy’s principal asset currently consists of an ownership interest and a leasehold interest in Grand Gulf.  The capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the Unit Power Sales Agreement to its only four customers, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans.  System Energy’s operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% interest in Grand Gulf pursuant to the Unit Power Sales Agreement.  Payments under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are System Energy’s only source of operating revenues. Net income decreased $5.6 million primarily due to a higher effective income tax rate in 2017 and provisions against revenue being recorded in 2017 in connection with the complaint against System Energy’s return on equity.  See Note 2 to the financial statements herein and “ Federal Regulation  -  Complaint Against System Energy ” below for further discussion of the complaint against System Energy. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Cash flows for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   2017   2016   (In Thousands) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $245,863   $230,661         Cash flow provided by (used in):       Operating activities 65,776   73,156 Investing activities (65,068 )   (159,100 ) Financing activities (6,163 )   110,985 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (5,455 )   25,041         Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $240,408   $255,702 Operating Activities  Net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $7.4 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to timing of payments to vendors and income tax refunds of $6.6 million in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  The decrease was partially offset by a decrease in spending of $19.8 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016. 130 Table of Contents System Energy Resources, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $94 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to: • fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the Utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and • a decrease of $21.3 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily as a result of a higher scope of work performed in 2016 on Grand Gulf outage projects and lower spending in 2017 on compliance with NRC post-Fukushima requirements. The decrease was partially offset by money pool activity. Increases in System Energy’s receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow and System Energy’s receivable from the money pool increased by $80.7 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to decreasing by $4.7 million for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016 .  The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the Utility subsidiaries’ need for external short-term borrowings. Financing Activities System Energy’s financing activities used $6.2 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2017  compared to providing $111 million of cash for the  three months ended   March 31, 2016  primarily due to a decrease in net borrowings of $67.2 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity’s credit facility in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and the payment in February 2017, at maturity, of $50 million of the System Energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity’s 4.02% Series H notes. See Note 4 to the financial statements herein and Note 5 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for more details on long-term debt. Capital Structure System Energy’s capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.   March 31,  2017   December 31, 2016 Debt to capital 44.6 %   45.5 % Effect of subtracting cash (11.7 %)   (12.0 %) Net debt to net capital 32.9 %   33.5 % Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.  Debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.  Capital consists of debt and common equity.  Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents.  System Energy uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating System Energy’s financial condition.  System Energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating System Energy’s financial condition because net debt indicates System Energy’s outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand. 131 Table of Contents System Energy Resources, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Uses and Sources of Capital See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -  Liquidity and Capital Resources ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of System Energy’s uses and sources of capital.  Following are updates to the information provided in the Form 10-K. System Energy’s receivables from the money pool were as follows: March 31, 2017   December 31, 2016   March 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 (In Thousands) $114,553   $33,809   $35,198   $39,926 See Note 4 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for a description of the money pool. The System Energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of  $120 million  scheduled to expire in  May 2019 .  As of  March 31, 2017 , $110.7 million in letters of credit were outstanding under the credit facility to support a like amount of commercial paper issued by the System Energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.  See Note 4 to the financial statements herein for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facility. Federal Regulation See the “ Rate, Cost-recovery, and Other Regulation  -  Federal Regulation ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis in the Form 10-K and Note 2 to the financial statements herein and in the Form 10-K for a discussion of federal regulation. Complaint Against System Energy In January 2017 the APSC and MPSC filed a complaint with the FERC against System Energy.  The complaint seeks a reduction in the return on equity component of the Unit Power Sales Agreement pursuant to which System Energy sells its Grand Gulf capacity and energy to Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans. Entergy Arkansas also sells some of its Grand Gulf capacity and energy to Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans under separate agreements.  The current return on equity under the Unit Power Sales Agreement is 10.94%.  The complaint alleges that the return on equity is unjust and unreasonable because current capital market and other considerations indicate that it is excessive.  The complaint requests the FERC to institute proceedings to investigate the return on equity and establish a lower return on equity, and also requests that the FERC establish January 23, 2017, as a refund effective date.  The complaint includes return on equity analysis that purports to establish that the range of reasonable return on equity for System Energy is between 8.37% and 8.67%.  System Energy answered the complaint in February 2017 and disputes that a return on equity of 8.37% to 8.67% is just and reasonable.  The City of New Orleans filed comments in February 2017 supporting the complaint.  System Energy is recording a provision against revenue for the potential outcome of this proceeding.  Action by the FERC is pending. Nuclear Matters See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Nuclear Matters ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of nuclear matters.  132 Table of Contents System Energy Resources, Inc. Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis Environmental Risks See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS –   Environmental Risks ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of environmental risks. Critical Accounting Estimates See “ MANAGEMENT’S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -   Critical Accounting Estimates ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of the estimates and judgments necessary in System Energy’s accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs, utility regulatory accounting, impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments, taxation and uncertain tax positions, qualified pension and other postretirement benefits, and other contingencies. New Accounting Pronouncements See “ New Accounting Pronouncements ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 133 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. INCOME STATEMENTS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING REVENUES         Electric   $154,787   $137,693           OPERATING EXPENSES         Operation and Maintenance:         Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale   15,334   13,428 Nuclear refueling outage expenses   4,773   4,584 Other operation and maintenance   48,401   32,160 Decommissioning   13,232   12,387 Taxes other than income taxes   6,424   6,252 Depreciation and amortization   35,441   34,707 Other regulatory credits - net   (10,362 )   (13,291 ) TOTAL   113,243   90,227           OPERATING INCOME   41,544   47,466           OTHER INCOME         Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,094   2,729 Interest and investment income   4,674   3,274 Miscellaneous - net   (128 )   (92 ) TOTAL   5,640   5,911           INTEREST EXPENSE         Interest expense   9,119   9,552 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction   (267 )   (696 ) TOTAL   8,852   8,856           INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES   38,332   44,521           Income taxes   17,985   18,563           NET INCOME   $20,347   $25,958           See Notes to Financial Statements.         134 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net income   $20,347   $25,958 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:         Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning, including nuclear fuel amortization   61,562   58,717 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued   18,293   49,894 Changes in assets and liabilities:         Receivables   13,953   9,121 Accounts payable   (3,008 )   16,257 Prepaid taxes and taxes accrued   (15,032 )   (38,617 ) Interest accrued   295   837 Other working capital accounts   (1,111 )   (30,111 ) Other regulatory assets   (1,571 )   (8,319 ) Pension and other postretirement liabilities   (4,187 )   (4,576 ) Other assets and liabilities   (23,765 )   (6,005 ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities   65,776   73,156           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction expenditures   (14,096 )   (34,747 ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction   1,094   2,729 Nuclear fuel purchases   (21,765 )   (122,320 ) Proceeds from the sale of nuclear fuel   60,188   — Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales   75,787   188,506 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds   (85,532 )   (197,996 ) Changes in money pool receivable - net   (80,744 )   4,728 Net cash flow used in investing activities   (65,068 )   (159,100 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Retirement of long-term debt   (50,001 )   (1 ) Changes in credit borrowings - net   43,851   111,012 Other   (13 )   (26 ) Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities   (6,163 )   110,985           Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   (5,455 )   25,041 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   245,863   230,661 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   $240,408   $255,702           SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:         Cash paid (received) during the period for:         Interest - net of amount capitalized   $8,593   $8,593 Income taxes   $—   ($6,598 )           See Notes to Financial Statements.         135 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and cash equivalents:         Cash   $797   $786 Temporary cash investments   239,611   245,077 Total cash and cash equivalents   240,408   245,863 Accounts receivable:         Associated companies   170,154   104,390 Other   4,664   3,637 Total accounts receivable   174,818   108,027 Materials and supplies - at average cost   84,032   82,469 Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs   20,100   24,729 Prepaid taxes   30,914   15,882 Prepayments and other   8,408   4,229 TOTAL   558,680   481,199           OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS         Decommissioning trust funds   815,975   780,496 TOTAL   815,975   780,496           UTILITY PLANT         Electric   4,341,221   4,331,668 Property under capital lease   585,084   585,084 Construction work in progress   44,636   43,888 Nuclear fuel   220,030   259,635 TOTAL UTILITY PLANT   5,190,971   5,220,275 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization   3,094,345   3,063,249 UTILITY PLANT - NET   2,096,626   2,157,026           DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS         Regulatory assets:         Regulatory asset for income taxes - net   90,931   93,127 Other regulatory assets   414,979   411,212 Other   4,591   4,652 TOTAL   510,501   508,991           TOTAL ASSETS   $3,981,782   $3,927,712           See Notes to Financial Statements.         136 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (Unaudited)     2017   2016     (In Thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Currently maturing long-term debt   $3   $50,003 Short-term borrowings   110,744   66,893 Accounts payable:         Associated companies   4,124   5,843 Other   43,094   50,558 Interest accrued   14,344   14,049 Other   2,959   2,957 TOTAL   175,268   190,303           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued   1,127,742   1,112,865 Accumulated deferred investment tax credits   40,714   41,663 Other regulatory liabilities   394,263   370,862 Decommissioning   867,434   854,202 Pension and other postretirement liabilities   113,663   117,850 Long-term debt   501,212   501,129 Other   2,316   15 TOTAL   3,047,344   2,998,586           Commitments and Contingencies                   COMMON EQUITY         Common stock, no par value, authorized 1,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 789,350 shares in 2017 and 2016   679,350   679,350 Retained earnings   79,820   59,473 TOTAL   759,170   738,823           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $3,981,782   $3,927,712           See Notes to Financial Statements.         137 Table of Contents SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON EQUITY For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (Unaudited)           Common Equity       Common Stock   Retained Earnings   Total   (In Thousands)             Balance at December 31, 2015 $719,350   $61,729   $781,079             Net income —   25,958   25,958             Balance at March 31, 2016 $719,350   $87,687   $807,037                         Balance at December 31, 2016 $679,350   $59,473   $738,823             Net income —   20,347   20,347             Balance at March 31, 2017 $679,350   $79,820   $759,170             See Notes to Financial Statements.           138 Table of Contents ENTERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1.  Legal Proceedings See “ PART I, Item 1,   Litigation ” in the Form 10-K for a discussion of legal, administrative, and other regulatory proceedings affecting Entergy.  Also see Note 1 and Note 2 to the financial statements herein and “ Item 5, Other Information,   Environmental Regulation ” below for updates regarding environmental proceedings and regulation. Item 1A.  Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors discussed in “ PART I, Item 1A,   Risk Factors”  in the Form 10-K. Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Period   Total Number of Shares Purchased   Average Price Paid per Share   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan   Maximum $ Amount of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under a Plan (b)                   1/01/2017-1/31/2017   —   $—   —   $350,052,918 2/01/2017-2/28/2017   —   $—   —   $350,052,918 3/01/2017-3/31/2017   —   $—   —   $350,052,918 Total   —   $—   —     In accordance with Entergy’s stock-based compensation plans, Entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of Entergy’s common stock.  According to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market.  Entergy’s management has been authorized by the Board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans.  In addition to this authority, the Board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions.  In October 2010 the Board granted authority for a $500 million share repurchase program.  The amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities.  In addition, in the first quarter 2017, Entergy withheld 1,054 shares of its common stock at $70.58 per share, 122,148 shares of its common stock at $70.61 per share, and 31,243 shares of its common stock at $71.89 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted and payout of performance units as part of its long-term incentive program. (a) See Note 12 to the financial statements in the Form 10-K for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans. (b) Maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million plan and does not include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans. 139 Table of Contents Item 5.  Other Information Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry Following are updates to the  Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry  section of Part I, Item 1 of the Form 10-K. Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 Nuclear Plant Decommissioning See the discussion in Part I, Item 1 in the Form 10-K for information regarding decommissioning funding for the nuclear plants.  Following are updates to that discussion.   In March 2017 filings with the NRC were made for certain Entergy subsidiaries’ nuclear plants reporting on decommissioning funding.  Those reports showed that decommissioning funding for each of those nuclear plants met the NRC’s financial assurance requirements.   In March 2017, Entergy closed on the sale of the FitzPatrick plant to Exelon, and as part of the transaction, the FitzPatrick decommissioning trust fund, along with the decommissioning obligation for that plant, was transferred to Exelon.  The FitzPatrick spent fuel disposal contract was assigned to Exelon as part of the transaction. Environmental Regulation Following are updates to the  Environmental Regulation  section of Part I, Item 1 of the Form 10-K. Clean Air Act and Subsequent Amendments Regional Haze In June 2005 the EPA issued its final Clean Air Visibility Rule (CAVR) regulations that potentially could result in a requirement to install SO 2  and NO x  pollution control technology as Best Available Retrofit Control Technology (BART) to continue operating certain of Entergy’s fossil generation units.  The rule leaves certain CAVR determinations to the states. In Arkansas, the Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) prepared a State Implementation Plan (SIP) for Arkansas facilities to implement its obligations under the CAVR.   In April 2012 the EPA finalized a decision addressing the Arkansas Regional Haze SIP, in which it disapproved a large portion of the Arkansas Regional Haze SIP, including the emission limits for NO x  and SO 2  at White Bluff.    By Court order, the EPA had to issue a final federal implementation plan (FIP) for Arkansas Regional Haze by no later than August 31, 2016.  In April 2015 the EPA published a proposed FIP for Arkansas, taking comment on requiring installation of scrubbers and low NO x  burners to continue operating both units at the White Bluff plant and both units at the Independence plant and NO x  controls to continue operating the Lake Catherine plant.  Entergy filed comments by the deadline in August 2015.  Among other comments, including opposition to the EPA’s proposed controls on the Independence units, Entergy proposed to meet more stringent SO 2  and NO x  limits at both White Bluff and Independence within three years of the effective date of the final FIP and to cease the use of coal at the White Bluff units in 2027 and 2028. In September 2016 the EPA published the final Arkansas Regional Haze FIP.  In most respects, the EPA finalized its original proposal but shortened the time for compliance for installation of the NO x  controls.  The FIP requires an emission limitation consistent with SO 2  scrubbers at both White Bluff and Independence by October 2021 and NO x  controls by April 2018.  The EPA declined to adopt Entergy’s proposals related to ceasing coal use as an alternative to SO 2  scrubbers for White Bluff SO 2  BART. For some or all of the FIP, Entergy anticipates that Arkansas will submit a SIP to replace the FIP.  In November 2016, Entergy and other interested parties such as the State of Arkansas filed  140 Table of Contents petitions for administrative reconsideration and stay at the EPA as well as petitions for judicial review to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.  In February 2016, Entergy, the State of Arkansas, and other parties requested the Court to judicially stay the FIP.  In March 2017 the EPA granted in part the petitions for reconsideration and stated its intent to stay the FIP compliance deadlines by at least 90 days.  Subsequently, the Eighth Circuit granted the government’s motion to hold the appeal litigation in abeyance for 90 days.    In Louisiana, Entergy is working with the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ) and the EPA to revise the Louisiana SIP for regional haze, which was disapproved in part in 2012.  A proposed federal implementation plan is likely to be issued by the end of June 2017 with finalization in December 2017.  At this time, it is premature to predict what controls, if any, might be required for compliance.  Entergy continues to monitor the submission and to file comments in the process as appropriate. New and Existing Source Performance Standards for Greenhouse Gas Emissions As a part of a climate plan announced in June 2013, the EPA was directed to (i) reissue proposed carbon pollution standards for new power plants by September 20, 2013, with finalization of the rules to occur in a timely manner; (ii) issue proposed carbon pollution standards, regulations, or guidelines, as appropriate, for modified, reconstructed, and existing power plants no later than June 1, 2014; (iii) finalize those rules by no later than June 1, 2015; and (iv) include in the guidelines addressing existing power plants a requirement that states submit to the EPA the implementation plans required under Section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act and its implementing regulations by no later than June 30, 2016.  In January 2014 the EPA issued the proposed New Source Performance Standards rule for new sources.    In June 2014 the EPA issued proposed standards for existing power plants.  Entergy has been actively engaged in the rulemaking process, having submitted comments to the EPA in December 2014.  The EPA issued the final rules for both new and existing sources in August 2015, and they were published in the Federal Register in October 2015.  The existing source rule, also called the Clean Power Plan, requires states to develop compliance plans with the EPA’s emission standards.  In February 2016 the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay halting the effectiveness of the rule until the rule is reviewed by the D.C. Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court, if review is granted.  In March 2017 the current administration issued an executive order entitled “Promoting Energy Independence and Economic Growth” instructing the EPA to review, suspend, revise, or rescind the Clean Power Plan if appropriate.  The EPA subsequently asked the D.C. Circuit to hold the challenges to the Clean Power Plan and the greenhouse gas new source performance standards in abeyance and signed a notice of withdrawal of the proposed federal plan, model trading rules and the Clean Energy Incentive Program.  EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt also sent a letter to the affected governors explaining that states are not currently required to meet Clean Power Plan deadlines, some of which have passed. Clean Water Act The 1972 amendments to the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (known as the Clean Water Act) provide the statutory basis for the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit program and the basic structure for regulating the discharge of pollutants from point sources to waters of the United States.  The Clean Water Act requires virtually all discharges of pollutants to waters of the United States to be permitted.  Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act regulates cooling water intake structures, section 401 of the Clean Water Act requires a water quality certification from the state in support of certain federal actions and approvals, and section 404 regulates the dredge and fill of waters of the United States, including jurisdictional wetlands. 316(b) Cooling Water Intake Structures The EPA finalized regulations in July 2004 governing the intake of water at large existing power plants employing cooling water intake structures.  The rule sought to reduce perceived impacts on aquatic resources by requiring covered facilities to implement technology or other measures to meet EPA-targeted reductions in water use and corresponding perceived aquatic impacts.  Entergy, other industry members and industry groups, environmental groups, and a coalition of northeastern and mid-Atlantic states challenged various aspects of the rule.  After litigation, in May 2014 the EPA issued a new final 316(b) rule, followed by publication in the Federal Register in August 2014, with the final rule effective in October 2014.  Entergy is developing a compliance plan for each affected facility in accordance with the requirements of the final rule. 141 Table of Contents Entergy filed a petition for review of the final rule as a co-petitioner with the Utility Water Act Group.  The case will be heard in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.  Briefing is complete and Entergy expects oral argument to be scheduled in mid-2017. Federal Jurisdiction of Waters of the United States In September 2013 the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced the intention to propose a rule to clarify federal Clean Water Act jurisdiction over waters of the United States.  The announcement was made in conjunction with the EPA’s release of a draft scientific report on the “connectivity” of waters that the agency said would inform the rulemaking.  This report was finalized in January 2015.  The Final Rule was published in the Federal Register in June 2015.  The rule could significantly increase the number and types of waters included in the EPA’s and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ jurisdiction, which in turn could pose additional permitting and pollutant management burdens on Entergy’s operations.  Entergy is actively engaged with the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to identify issues that require clarification in expected technical and policy guidance documents.  The final rule has been challenged in federal court by several parties, including most states.  In August 2015 the District Court for North Dakota issued a preliminary injunction staying the new rule in 13 states. In October 2015 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit issued a nationwide stay of the rule.  Entergy will continue to monitor this rulemaking and ensure compliance with existing permitting processes.  In response to the stay, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps resumed nationwide use of the agencies’ regulations as they existed prior to August 27, 2015.  In February 2017 the current administration issued an executive order instructing the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to review the Waters of the United States rule and to revise or rescind, as appropriate. Earnings Ratios  (Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy) The Registrant Subsidiaries have calculated ratios of earnings to fixed charges and ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred dividends/distributions pursuant to Item 503 of Regulation S-K of the SEC as follows:     Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges     Twelve Months Ended   Three Months Ended     December 31,   March 31,     2012   2013   2014   2015   2016   2017 Entergy Arkansas   3.79   3.62   3.08   2.04   3.32   1.92 Entergy Louisiana   2.61   3.30   3.44   3.36   3.57   3.01 Entergy Mississippi   2.79   3.19   3.23   3.59   3.96   3.23 Entergy New Orleans   2.91   1.85   3.55   4.90   4.61   4.09 Entergy Texas   1.76   1.94   2.39   2.22   2.92   1.86 System Energy   5.12   5.66   4.04   4.53   5.39   5.11     Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends/Distributions     Twelve Months Ended   Three Months Ended     December 31,   March 31,     2012   2013   2014   2015   2016   2017 Entergy Arkansas   3.36   3.25   2.76   1.85   3.09   1.88 Entergy Louisiana   2.47   3.14   3.28   3.24   3.57   3.01 Entergy Mississippi   2.59   2.97   3.00   3.34   3.71   3.14 Entergy New Orleans   2.63   1.70   3.26   4.50   4.30   3.83 The Registrant Subsidiaries accrue interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense and do not include it in fixed charges. 142 Table of Contents Item 6.  Exhibits    *12(a) - Entergy Arkansas’s Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends, as defined.         *12(b) - Entergy Louisiana’s Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Distributions, as defined.         *12(c) - Entergy Mississippi’s Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends, as defined.         *12(d) - Entergy New Orleans’s Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends, as defined.         *12(e) - Entergy Texas’s Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges, as defined.         *12(f) - System Energy’s Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges, as defined.         *31(a) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *31(b) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *31(c) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *31(d) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *31(e) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *31(f) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *31(g) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *31(h) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *31(i) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *31(j) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *31(k) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Texas.         *31(l) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Entergy Texas.         *31(m) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for System Energy.         *31(n) - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for System Energy.         *32(a) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *32(b) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Corporation.         *32(c) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *32(d) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Arkansas.         *32(e) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *32(f) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Louisiana.         *32(g) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *32(h) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Mississippi.         *32(i) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *32(j) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy New Orleans.         *32(k) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Texas.         *32(l) - Section 1350 Certification for Entergy Texas.       143 Table of Contents   *32(m) - Section 1350 Certification for System Energy.         *32(n) - Section 1350 Certification for System Energy.         *101 INS - XBRL Instance Document.         *101 SCH - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.         *101 PRE - XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.         *101 LAB - XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document.         *101 CAL - XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.         *101 DEF - XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. ___________________________ Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, Entergy Corporation agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request any instrument with respect to long-term debt that is not registered or listed herein as an Exhibit because the total amount of securities authorized under such agreement does not exceed ten percent of the total assets of Entergy Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. * Filed herewith. 144 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company or its subsidiaries. ENTERGY CORPORATION ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC. ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC. ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.     /s/ Alyson M. Mount Alyson M. Mount Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (For each Registrant and for each as  Principal Accounting Officer) Date:     May 5, 2017   145 	 
 
 
 
