
 10-K
 1
 xom10k2015.htm
 FORM 10-K
 

 

 
 





  

 

 


   


 
   

 2015  

 

   

 


 

   

 


 UNITED STATES  

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON,
 D.C. 20549  

 

   

 


 FORM 10-K  

  ☑      ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2015  

 or  

  ☐      TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the transition period from
              
to
              
 

 Commission File Number 1-2256  

 EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NEW JERSEY 
   
  
   13-5409005 
   
  
 
   
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
   incorporation or organization) 
   
  
   (I.R.S. Employer 
   Identification Number) 
   
  
 


 


 5959 LAS COLINAS BOULEVARD, IRVING, TEXAS 75039-2298  

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  

 (972) 444-1000  

 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  

 

   

 


 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act:  

   

 

 
  
   
      
    
  
      
    
  
 
   
    Title of Each Class 
    
  
    Name of Each Exchange 
    on Which Registered 
    
  
 
   
   Common Stock, without par value (4,152,756,609 shares
  outstanding at January 31, 2016) 
   
  
     New York Stock 
  Exchange 
   
  
 


 


 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes     ☑      No    ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes    ☐     No    ☑     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  
  ☑      No    ☐     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes     ☑      No    ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    ☑     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a
smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,”
“accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

   

 Large accelerated
filer    ☑           
   Accelerated filer    ☐     

 Non-accelerated filer    ☐             Smaller
reporting company    ☐     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes    ☐      No    ☑     

 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2015, the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the
closing price on that date of $83.20 on the New York Stock Exchange composite
tape, was in excess of $346 billion.  

 Documents Incorporated by Reference:  Proxy
Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (Part III)  

   

 

   

 


 

   

 










 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION  

 FORM
10-K  

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015  

 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   

 

 
  
   
      
    
  
      
    
  
 
   
   PART I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1. 
   
  
   Business 
   
  
              1   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
              2   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
              4   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
              5   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
            26   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
            26   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Executive Officers of the Registrant [pursuant to
  Instruction 3 to Regulation S-K, Item 401(b)] 
   
  
            27   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   
   PART II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 5. 
   
  
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
  Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
  
            30   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
            30   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  
            30   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
  Market Risk 
   
  
            30   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on
  Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9B. 
   
  
   Other Information 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   
   PART III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
  Governance 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 11. 
   
  
   Executive Compensation 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
  Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
  Director Independence 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   PART IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial Section 
   
  
            34    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
         115    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index to Exhibits 
   
  
         117    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exhibit 12 — Computation of Ratio of Earnings to
  Fixed Charges 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exhibits 31 and 32 — Certifications 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


    









 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 PART I 

 ITEM 1.       BUSINESS  

 Exxon Mobil Corporation was incorporated in the State of
New Jersey in 1882. Divisions and affiliated companies of ExxonMobil operate or
market products in the United States and most other countries of the world.
Their principal business is energy, involving exploration for, and production
of, crude oil and natural gas, manufacture of petroleum products and
transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products.
ExxonMobil is a major manufacturer and marketer of commodity petrochemicals, including
olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics and a wide variety of
specialty products. Affiliates of ExxonMobil conduct extensive research
programs in support of these businesses.  

 Exxon Mobil Corporation has several divisions and hundreds
of affiliates, many with names that include  ExxonMobil ,  Exxon ,  Esso,
Mobil  or  XTO . For convenience and simplicity, in this report the
terms  ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil  and  XTO , as well as terms
like  Corporation ,  Company ,  our ,  we   and  its ,
are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or groups
of affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context in question.  

 Throughout ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing
measures are taken to prevent and minimize the impact of our operations on air,
water and ground. These include a significant investment in refining
infrastructure and technology to manufacture clean fuels, as well as projects
to monitor and reduce nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and greenhouse gas
emissions, and expenditures for asset retirement obligations. Using definitions
and guidelines established by the American Petroleum Institute, ExxonMobil’s
2015 worldwide environmental expenditures for all such preventative and
remediation steps, including ExxonMobil’s share of equity company expenditures,
were $5.6 billion, of which $3.8 billion were included in expenses
with the remainder in capital expenditures. The total cost for such activities
is expected to decrease to approximately $5 billion in 2016 and 2017,
mainly reflecting lower project activity in Canada. Capital expenditures are
expected to account for approximately 30 percent of the total.  

 The energy and petrochemical industries are highly
competitive. There is competition within the industries and also with other
industries in supplying the energy, fuel and chemical needs of both industrial
and individual consumers. The Corporation competes with other firms in the sale
or purchase of needed goods and services in many national and international
markets and employs all methods of competition which are lawful and appropriate
for such purposes.  

 Operating data and industry segment information for the
Corporation are contained in the Financial Section of this report under the
following: “Quarterly Information”, “Note 18: Disclosures about Segments
and Related Information” and “Operating Summary”. Information on oil and gas
reserves is contained in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental
Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of
the Financial Section of this report. 

 ExxonMobil has a long‑standing commitment to the
development of proprietary technology. We have a wide array of research
programs designed to meet the needs identified in each of our business segments.
Information on Company‑sponsored research and development spending is
contained in “Note 3: Miscellaneous Financial Information” of the
Financial Section of this report. ExxonMobil held approximately 11 thousand
active patents worldwide at the end of 2015. For technology licensed to third
parties, revenues totaled approximately $158 million in 2015. Although
technology is an important contributor to the overall operations and results of
our Company, the profitability of each business segment is not dependent on any
individual patent, trade secret, trademark, license, franchise or concession. 

 The number of regular employees was 73.5 thousand, 75.3 thousand,
and 75.0 thousand at years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Regular employees are defined as active executive, management, professional,
technical and wage employees who work full time or part time for the
Corporation and are covered by the Corporation’s benefit plans and programs.
Regular employees do not include employees of the company‑operated retail
sites (CORS). The number of CORS employees was 2.1 thousand, 8.4 thousand,
and 9.8 thousand at years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The
decrease in CORS employees reflects the multi‑year transition of the company‑operated
retail network in portions of Europe to a more capital‑efficient Branded
Wholesaler model.   

 Information concerning the source and availability of raw
materials used in the Corporation’s business, the extent of seasonality in the
business, the possibility of renegotiation of profits or termination of
contracts at the election of governments and risks attendant to foreign operations
may be found in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 2. Properties” in this
report.  

 ExxonMobil maintains a website at exxonmobil.com. Our
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are made
available through our website as soon as reasonably practical after we
electronically file or furnish the reports to the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Also available on the Corporation’s website are the Company’s
Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, as
well as the charters of the audit, compensation and nominating committees of
the Board of Directors. Information on our website is not incorporated into
this report. 


 


 1   


 
 

 


   


 
 ITEM 1A.       RISK FACTORS 

 ExxonMobil’s financial and operating
results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and
petrochemical businesses. Many of these risk factors are not within the
Company’s control and could adversely affect our business, our financial and
operating results, or our financial condition. These risk factors include:  

 Supply and Demand  

 The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses are
fundamentally commodity businesses. This means ExxonMobil’s operations and
earnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas, and
petrochemical prices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas,
petrochemical, and product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional,
and global events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant
commodity. Any material decline in oil or natural gas prices could have a
material adverse effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in
the Upstream segment, financial condition and proved reserves. On the other
hand, a material increase in oil or natural gas prices could have a material
adverse effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in the
Downstream and Chemical segments. 

 Economic conditions.  The demand for energy and petrochemicals correlates closely with
general economic growth rates. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of
low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on
our results. Other factors that affect general economic conditions in the world
or in a major region, such as changes in population growth rates, periods of
civil unrest, government austerity programs, or currency exchange rate
fluctuations, can also impact the demand for energy and petrochemicals.
Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due to
credit or legal constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring of
fiscal, monetary, or political systems such as the European Union, and other
events or conditions that impair the functioning of financial markets and
institutions also pose risks to ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety of
our financial assets and to the ability of our partners and customers to
fulfill their commitments to ExxonMobil.  

 Other demand-related factors.  Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas,
and petrochemicals, and therefore impact our results, include technological
improvements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns, which affect the
demand for energy associated with heating and cooling; increased
competitiveness of alternative energy sources that have so far generally not
been competitive with oil and gas without the benefit of government subsidies
or mandates; and changes in technology or consumer preferences that alter fuel
choices, such as toward alternative fueled or electric vehicles.  

 Other supply-related factors.  Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on a
number of factors affecting supply. For example, increased supply from the
development of new oil and gas supply sources and technologies to enhance
recovery from existing sources tend to reduce commodity prices to the extent
such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand.
Similarly, increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing
capacity tend to reduce margins on the affected products. World oil, gas, and
petrochemical supply levels can also be affected by factors that reduce
available supplies, such as adherence by member countries to OPEC production
quotas and the occurrence of wars, hostile actions, natural disasters,
disruptions in competitors’ operations, or unexpected unavailability of
distribution channels that may disrupt supplies. Technological change can also
alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil and
gas and to manufacture petrochemicals.  

 Other market factors.  ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed to
potential negative impacts due to changes in interest rates, inflation,
currency exchange rates, and other local or regional market conditions. We
generally do not use financial instruments to hedge market exposures.  

 Government and Political Factors  

 ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected by
political or regulatory developments affecting our operations.  

 Access limitations.  A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, or
may place resources off-limits from development altogether. Restrictions on
foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of high
commodity prices, when national governments may have less need of outside
sources of private capital. Many countries also restrict the import or export
of certain products based on point of origin.  

 Restrictions on doing business.  ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposed
by the U.S. or by other jurisdictions where we do business that may prohibit
ExxonMobil or certain of its affiliates from doing business in certain
countries, or restricting the kind of business that may be conducted. Such
restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who may not be
subject to comparable restrictions.  

 Lack of legal certainty.  Some countries in which we do business lack
well-developed legal systems, or have not yet adopted clear regulatory
frameworks for oil and gas development. Lack of legal certainty exposes our
operations to increased risk of adverse or unpredictable actions by government
officials, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts. In
some cases these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitrate
disputes in an international forum, but the adequacy of this remedy may still
depend on the local legal system to enforce an award.  





 


 2   


 
 

 


   


 
 Regulatory and litigation risks.  Even in countries with well-developed legal
systems where ExxonMobil does business, we remain exposed to changes in law
(including changes that result from international treaties and accords) that
could adversely affect our results, such as:  

    

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   increases in taxes or government royalty rates
  (including retroactive claims); 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   price controls; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   changes in environmental regulations or other laws
  that increase our cost of compliance or reduce or delay available business
  opportunities (including changes in laws related to offshore drilling
  operations, water use, or hydraulic fracturing); 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   adoption of regulations mandating the use of
  alternative fuels or uncompetitive fuel components; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   adoption of government payment transparency
  regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive
  commercial information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure
  laws of other countries; and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   government actions to cancel contracts,
  re-denominate the official currency, renounce or default on obligations,
  renegotiate terms unilaterally, or expropriate assets. 
   
  
 



 Legal remedies available to compensate us for
expropriation or other takings may be inadequate.  

 We also may be adversely affected by the outcome of
litigation, especially in countries such as the United States in which very
large and unpredictable punitive damage awards may occur, or by government
enforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance with applicable laws or
regulations.  

 Security concerns.  Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may be
disrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, and other local
security concerns. Such concerns may require us to incur greater costs for
security or to shut down operations for a period of time.  

 Climate change and greenhouse gas restrictions.  Due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number
of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory
frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These include adoption of cap
and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency
standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. These requirements
could make our products more expensive, lengthen project implementation times,
and reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well as shift hydrocarbon demand toward
relatively lower-carbon sources such as natural gas. Current and pending
greenhouse gas regulations may also increase our compliance costs, such as for
monitoring or sequestering emissions.  

 Government sponsorship of alternative energy.  Many governments are providing tax advantages and
other subsidies to support alternative energy sources or are mandating the use
of specific fuels or technologies. Governments are also promoting research into
new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of alternative
energy sources. We are conducting our own research efforts into alternative
energy, such as through sponsorship of the Global Climate and Energy Project at
Stanford University and research into liquid products from algae and biomass
that can be further converted to transportation fuels. Our future results may
depend in part on the success of our research efforts and on our ability to
adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energy
products of the future in a cost-competitive manner. See “Management
Effectiveness” below.  

 Management Effectiveness  

 In addition to external economic and political
factors, our future business results also depend on our ability to manage
successfully those factors that are at least in part within our control. The
extent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative to
competition. For projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the
management effectiveness of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control.  

 Exploration and development program.  Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas
production depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts.
Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to identify the
most promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise to
bring discovered resources on line as scheduled and within budget.  

 Project management.  The success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream, Downstream, and Chemical
businesses depends on complex, long-term, capital intensive projects. These
projects in turn require a high degree of project management expertise to
maximize efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major
projects include our ability to: negotiate successfully with joint venturers,
partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize
reservoir performance; develop markets for project outputs, whether through
long-term contracts or the development of effective spot markets; manage
changes in operating conditions and costs, including costs of third party
equipment or services such as drilling rigs and shipping; prevent, to the
extent possible, and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties
that could delay project startup or cause unscheduled project downtime; and
influence the performance of project operators where ExxonMobil does not
perform that role.  





 


 3   


 
 

 


   


 
 The term “project” as used in this report can refer to
a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same
meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.  

 Operational efficiency.  An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitive
performance, especially given the commodity-based nature of many of our
businesses, is our ability to operate efficiently, including our ability to
manage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. This
requires continuous management focus, including technology improvements, cost
control, productivity enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio,
and the recruitment, development, and retention of high caliber employees.  

 Research and development.  To maintain our competitive position, especially in
light of the technological nature of our businesses and the need for continuous
efficiency improvement, ExxonMobil’s research and development organizations
must be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policy
environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas
emissions.  

 Safety, business controls, and environmental risk
management.  Our results depend on
management’s ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and
petrochemical operations, to control effectively our business activities, and
to minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous management systems
and continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or other
adverse environmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through a
combined program of effective operations integrity management, ongoing
upgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive inspection and
surveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologies
and adopting new operating practices to reduce air emissions, not only in
response to government requirements but also to address community priorities.
We also maintain a disciplined framework of internal controls and apply a
controls management system for monitoring compliance with this framework.
Substantial liabilities and other adverse impacts could result if our
management systems and controls do not function as intended. The ability to
insure against such risks is limited by the capacity of the applicable
insurance markets, which may not be sufficient.  

 Business risks also include the risk of cybersecurity
breaches. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove not
to be sufficient, ExxonMobil could be adversely affected such as by having its
business systems compromised, its proprietary information altered, lost or
stolen, or its business operations disrupted.  

 Preparedness. 
Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters,
human error, and similar events. For example, hurricanes may damage our
offshore production facilities or coastal refining and petrochemical plants in
vulnerable areas. Our facilities are designed, constructed, and operated to
withstand a variety of extreme climatic and other conditions, with safety
factors built in to cover a number of engineering uncertainties, including
those associated with wave, wind, and current intensity, marine ice flow
patterns, permafrost stability, storm surge magnitude, temperature extremes,
extreme rain fall events, and earthquakes. Our consideration of changing
weather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in design covers the
engineering uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentially
introduce. Our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts of these events depends
in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering as well as
our rigorous disaster preparedness and response and business continuity
planning.  

 Projections, estimates, and descriptions of
ExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7
and 7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future results,
including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures,
costs, and business plans could differ materially due to, among other things,
the factors discussed above and elsewhere in this report.  

   

 ITEM 1B.          UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

 None.  


 


 4   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 2.       Properties 

 Information with regard to oil and gas
producing activities follows:  

   

 1. Disclosure of Reserves  

 A. Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves at
Year-End 2015  

 The table below summarizes the oil-equivalent proved
reserves in each geographic area and by product type for consolidated
subsidiaries and equity companies. Gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis
at six million cubic feet per one thousand barrels. The Corporation has
reported proved reserves on the basis of the average of the
first-day-of-the-month price for each month during the last 12-month period. When
crude oil and natural gas prices are in the range seen in early 2016 for an
extended period of time, under the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC)
definition of proved reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas could
temporarily not qualify as proved reserves. Under the terms of certain
contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, lower prices can also
increase proved reserves attributable to ExxonMobil. Otherwise, no major
discovery or other favorable or adverse event has occurred since December 31,
2015, that would cause a significant change in the estimated proved reserves as
of that date.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude 
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic 
   
  
   Natural 
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Liquids 
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
   Basis 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (billion cubic ft) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Developed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,155  
   
  
   272  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   13,353  
   
  
   3,652  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America  (1)  
   
  
   92  
   
  
   9  
   
  
   4,108  
   
  
   581  
   
  
   552  
   
  
   4,882  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   158  
   
  
   34  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,593  
   
  
   458  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   738  
   
  
   162  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   750  
   
  
   1,025  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1,586  
   
  
   121  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,917  
   
  
   2,526  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   73  
   
  
   34  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,962  
   
  
   434  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated 
   
  
   3,802  
   
  
   632  
   
  
   4,108  
   
  
   581  
   
  
   23,127  
   
  
   12,977  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   221  
   
  
   7  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   156  
   
  
   254  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   25  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,146  
   
  
   1,049  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   802  
   
  
   349  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,233  
   
  
   3,690  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Company 
   
  
   1,048  
   
  
   356  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   21,535  
   
  
   4,993  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Developed 
   
  
   4,850  
   
  
   988  
   
  
   4,108  
   
  
   581  
   
  
   44,662  
   
  
   17,970  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,223  
   
  
   396  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,027  
   
  
   2,624  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America  (1)  
   
  
   168  
   
  
   6  
   
  
   452  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   575  
   
  
   722  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   26  
   
  
   8  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   363  
   
  
   95  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   225  
   
  
   5  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   43  
   
  
   237  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1,239  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   412  
   
  
   1,308  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   52  
   
  
   31  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   5,079  
   
  
   929  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated 
   
  
   2,933  
   
  
   446  
   
  
   452  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12,499  
   
  
   5,915  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   33  
   
  
   6  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   64  
   
  
   50  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,757  
   
  
   293  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   275  
   
  
   52  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,228  
   
  
   531  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Company 
   
  
   308  
   
  
   58  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,049  
   
  
   874  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Undeveloped 
   
  
   3,241  
   
  
   504  
   
  
   452  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,548  
   
  
   6,789  
   
  
 
   
   Total Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
   8,091  
   
  
   1,492  
   
  
   4,560  
   
  
   581  
   
  
   60,210  
   
  
   24,759  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   South America includes proved
developed reserves of 0.1 million barrels of crude oil and natural gas liquids
and 23 billion cubic feet of natural gas.  


 


 5   


 
 

 


   


 
 In the preceding reserves information, consolidated subsidiary and
equity company reserves are reported separately. However, the Corporation
operates its business with the same view of equity company reserves as it has
for reserves from consolidated subsidiaries.  

 The Corporation anticipates several projects will come
online over the next few years providing additional production capacity.
However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing of
individual project start-ups; operational outages; reservoir performance;
performance of enhanced oil recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact
of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on
production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of capital
investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and
other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

 The estimation of proved reserves, which is based on the
requirement of reasonable certainty, is an ongoing process based on rigorous
technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments and detailed analysis
of well and reservoir information such as flow rates and reservoir pressure
declines. Furthermore, the Corporation only records proved reserves for
projects which have received significant funding commitments by management made
toward the development of the reserves. Although the Corporation is reasonably
certain that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount recovered
can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development
projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals and significant changes
in projections of long-term oil and natural gas price levels. In addition,
proved reserves could be affected by an extended period of low prices which
could reduce the level of the Corporation’s capital spending and also impact
our partners’ capacity to fund their share of joint projects. 

 When crude oil and natural gas prices are in the range seen
in late 2015 and early 2016 for an extended period of time, under the SEC
definition of proved reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas, such
as oil sands operations in Canada and natural gas operations in North America
could temporarily not qualify as proved reserves. Amounts that could be
required to be de-booked as proved reserves on an SEC basis are subject to
being re-booked as proved reserves at some point in the future when price
levels recover, costs decline, or operating efficiencies occur. Under the terms
of certain contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, lower prices
can also increase proved reserves attributable to ExxonMobil. We do not expect
any temporary changes in reported proved reserves under SEC definitions to
affect the operation of the underlying projects or to alter our outlook for
future production volumes.  

 B. Technologies Used in
Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2015  

 Additions to ExxonMobil’s proved reserves in 2015 were
based on estimates generated through the integration of available and appropriate
geological, engineering and production data, utilizing well-established
technologies that have been demonstrated in the field to yield repeatable and
consistent results.  

 Data used in these integrated assessments included
information obtained directly from the subsurface via wellbores, such as well
logs, reservoir core samples, fluid samples, static and dynamic pressure information,
production test data, and surveillance and performance information. The data
utilized also included subsurface information obtained through indirect
measurements including high-quality 3-D and 4-D seismic data, calibrated with
available well control information. The tools used to interpret the data
included proprietary seismic processing software, proprietary reservoir
modeling and simulation software, and commercially available data analysis
packages.  

 In some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs
were available, reservoir parameters from these analogs were used to increase
the quality of and confidence in the reserves estimates.  

 C. Qualifications of
Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves  

 ExxonMobil has a dedicated Global Reserves group that
provides technical oversight and is separate from the operating organization.
Primary responsibilities of this group include oversight of the reserves
estimation process for compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
rules and regulations, review of annual changes in reserves estimates, and the
reporting of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves. This group also maintains the
official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s proved reserves of crude
and natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil and natural gas. In addition,
the group provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation
and reporting process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The Manager of the
Global Reserves group has more than 30 years of experience in reservoir engineering
and reserves assessment and has a degree in Engineering. He is an active member
of the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE) and previously served on the SPE
Oil and Gas Reserves Committee. The group is staffed with individuals that have
an average of more than 20 years of technical experience in the petroleum
industry, including expertise in the classification and categorization of
reserves under the SEC guidelines. This group includes individuals who hold
advanced degrees in either Engineering or Geology. Several members of the group
hold professional registrations in their field of expertise, and a member
currently serves on the SPE Oil and Gas Reserves Committee.  


 


 6   


 
 

 


   


 
 The Global Reserves group maintains a
central database containing the official company reserves estimates.
Appropriate controls, including limitations on database access and update
capabilities, are in place to ensure data integrity within this central
database. An annual review of the system’s controls is performed by internal
audit. Key components of the reserves estimation process include technical
evaluations and analysis of well and field performance and a rigorous peer
review. No changes may be made to the reserves estimates in the central
database, including additions of any new initial reserves estimates or
subsequent revisions, unless these changes have been thoroughly reviewed and
evaluated by duly authorized personnel within the operating organization. In
addition, changes to reserves estimates that exceed certain thresholds require
further review and approval of the appropriate level of management within the
operating organization before the changes may be made in the central database.
Endorsement by the Global Reserves group for all proved reserves changes is a
mandatory component of this review process. After all changes are made, reviews
are held with senior management for final endorsement.  

   2.
Proved Undeveloped Reserves  

 At year-end 2015, approximately 6.8 billion oil-equivalent
barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves were classified as proved
undeveloped. This represents 27 percent of the 24.8 GOEB reported in proved
reserves. This compares to the 8.8 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves reported
at the end of 2014. During the year, ExxonMobil conducted development
activities in over 100 fields that resulted in the transfer of approximately
2.7 GOEB from proved undeveloped to proved developed reserves by year-end. The
largest transfers were related to Kearl Expansion project start-up and drilling
activity in the United States. Mainly due to low prices during 2015, the
Corporation reclassified approximately 1 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves,
primarily natural gas reserves in the United States, which no longer meet the
SEC definition of proved reserves. 

 One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved
reserves is that management has made significant funding commitments toward the
development of the reserves. ExxonMobil has a disciplined investment strategy
and many major fields require long lead-time in order to be developed.
Development projects typically take two to four years from the time of
recording proved undeveloped reserves to the start of production. However, the
development time for large and complex projects can exceed five years. During
2015, extensions and purchases primarily related to United States
unconventional and Abu Dhabi drilling added approximately 1.7 GOEB of proved
undeveloped reserves. Overall, investments of $19.4 billion were made by the
Corporation during 2015 to progress the development of reported proved
undeveloped reserves, including $17 billion for oil and gas producing
activities and an additional $2.4 billion for other non-oil and gas producing activities
such as the construction of support infrastructure and other related
facilities. These investments represented 76 percent of the $25.4 billion in
total reported Upstream capital and exploration expenditures.  

 Proved undeveloped reserves in Australia, the United
States, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands, Qatar, and Nigeria have remained
undeveloped for five years or more primarily due to constraints on the capacity
of infrastructure, the pace of co-venturer/government funding, as well as the
time required to complete development for very large projects. The Corporation
is reasonably certain that these proved reserves will be produced; however, the
timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number of factors including
completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory
approvals, and significant changes in long-term oil and natural gas price
levels. Of the proved undeveloped reserves that have been reported for five or
more years, 84 percent are contained in the aforementioned countries. The
largest of these is related to LNG/Gas projects in Australia, where
construction of the Gorgon LNG project is under way. In Kazakhstan, the proved
undeveloped reserves are related to the remainder of the initial development of
the offshore Kashagan field which is included in the North Caspian Production
Sharing Agreement and the Tengizchevroil joint venture which includes a
production license in the Tengiz – Korolev field complex. The Tengizchevroil
joint venture is producing, and proved undeveloped reserves will continue to
move to proved developed as approved development phases progress. In the Netherlands,
the Groningen gas field has proved undeveloped reserves related to installation
of future stages of compression. These reserves will move to proved developed
when the additional stages of compression are installed to maintain field
delivery pressure. 


 


 7   


 
 

 


   


 
 3. Oil and Gas Production, Production
Prices and Production Costs  

 A. Oil and Gas Production  

 The table below summarizes production by
final product sold and by geographic area for the last three years.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil
  and natural gas liquids production 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   326  
   
  
   86  
   
  
     
   
  
   304  
   
  
   85  
   
  
     
   
  
   283  
   
  
   85  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America  
   
  
     
   
  
   47  
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   52  
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   57  
   
  
   10  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   173  
   
  
   28  
   
  
     
   
  
   151  
   
  
   28  
   
  
     
   
  
   157  
   
  
   27  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   511  
   
  
   18  
   
  
     
   
  
   469  
   
  
   20  
   
  
     
   
  
   451  
   
  
   18  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   346  
   
  
   29  
   
  
     
   
  
   293  
   
  
   26  
   
  
     
   
  
   313  
   
  
   30  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   33  
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
   39  
   
  
   20  
   
  
     
   
  
   29  
   
  
   19  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,436  
   
  
   186  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,308  
   
  
   188  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,290  
   
  
   189  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   61  
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   63  
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   61  
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   241  
   
  
   68  
   
  
     
   
  
   236  
   
  
   69  
   
  
     
   
  
   373  
   
  
   68  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   305  
   
  
   71  
   
  
     
   
  
   304  
   
  
   71  
   
  
     
   
  
   440  
   
  
   70  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total crude
  oil and natural gas liquids production 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,741  
   
  
   257  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612  
   
  
   259  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,730  
   
  
   259  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bitumen
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   289  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   180  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   148  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Synthetic
  oil production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   58  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liquids production 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,345  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,111  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,202  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,116  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,374  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,530  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   261  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   310  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   354  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,110  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,226  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,294  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   677  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   512  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   351  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,249  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,493  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,715  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,176  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,590  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,957  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,059  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,032  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,149  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,266  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,652  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,121  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  natural gas production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,515  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,145  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,836  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent
  barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,097  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,969  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,175  
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (1)   South America includes natural gas
production available for sale for 2015, 2014 and 2013 of 21 million, 21 million,
and 28 million cubic feet daily, respectively.  


 


 8   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Production Prices and Production Costs  

 The table below summarizes average
production prices and average production costs by geographic area and by
product type for the last three years.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   S. America 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   During 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars per unit) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.87  
   
  
     
   
  
   44.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   49.04  
   
  
     
   
  
   51.01  
   
  
     
   
  
   48.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   49.56  
   
  
     
   
  
   47.75  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   21.91  
   
  
     
   
  
   27.50  
   
  
     
   
  
   33.41  
   
  
     
   
  
   21.14  
   
  
     
   
  
   29.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   22.16  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.78  
   
  
     
   
  
   6.47  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.57  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.02  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.13  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.95  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil,
  per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   12.50  
   
  
     
   
  
   22.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   15.86  
   
  
     
   
  
   10.31  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.71  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.86  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.97  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.34  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.05  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.44  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.99  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.37  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.36  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31.75  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.05  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.27  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.83  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.92  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   22.15  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.41  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.89  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.58  
   
  
     
   
  
   44.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   48.97  
   
  
     
   
  
   51.01  
   
  
     
   
  
   48.36  
   
  
     
   
  
   49.56  
   
  
     
   
  
   47.79  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.92  
   
  
     
   
  
   21.91  
   
  
     
   
  
   27.50  
   
  
     
   
  
   33.41  
   
  
     
   
  
   28.94  
   
  
     
   
  
   29.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   24.77  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.78  
   
  
     
   
  
   6.37  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.57  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.84  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.13  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.16  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil,
  per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   13.16  
   
  
     
   
  
   22.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   13.09  
   
  
     
   
  
   10.31  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.86  
   
  
     
   
  
   10.56  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   84.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   86.46  
   
  
     
   
  
   96.43  
   
  
     
   
  
   97.46  
   
  
     
   
  
   95.27  
   
  
     
   
  
   95.56  
   
  
     
   
  
   93.21  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.86  
   
  
     
   
  
   53.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   65.21  
   
  
     
   
  
   40.81  
   
  
     
   
  
   56.77  
   
  
     
   
  
   47.07  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.18  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.61  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.71  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.87  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.68  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.68  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil,
  per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89.76  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89.76  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   13.35 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.03  
   
  
     
   
  
   22.29  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.58  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.64  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.05  
   
  
     
   
  
   15.94  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.66  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.66  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.32  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.32  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   91.24  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93.42  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   92.89  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.77  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.31  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.41  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.54  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.28  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.38  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   24.34  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.10  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.22  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   85.23  
   
  
     
   
  
   86.46  
   
  
     
   
  
   96.17  
   
  
     
   
  
   97.46  
   
  
     
   
  
   94.44  
   
  
     
   
  
   95.56  
   
  
     
   
  
   93.15  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   51.86  
   
  
     
   
  
   53.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   65.21  
   
  
     
   
  
   58.52  
   
  
     
   
  
   56.77  
   
  
     
   
  
   51.84  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.62  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.23  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.61  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.36  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.87  
   
  
     
   
  
   6.64  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.68  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62.68  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil,
  per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89.76  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89.76  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   14.10  
   
  
     
   
  
   33.03  
   
  
     
   
  
   15.59  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.58  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.44  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.05  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.55  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.66  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.66  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.32  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.32  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 9   


 
 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   S. America 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   During 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars per unit) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   93.56  
   
  
     
   
  
   98.91  
   
  
     
   
  
   106.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   108.73  
   
  
     
   
  
   106.18  
   
  
     
   
  
   107.92  
   
  
     
   
  
   104.13  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   44.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   65.36  
   
  
     
   
  
   75.24  
   
  
     
   
  
   40.83  
   
  
     
   
  
   59.55  
   
  
     
   
  
   51.12  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.99  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.80  
   
  
     
   
  
   10.07  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.79  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.10  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.20  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.60  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.63  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.63  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil,
  per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93.96  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   12.02  
   
  
     
   
  
   32.02  
   
  
     
   
  
   19.57  
   
  
     
   
  
   13.95  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.95  
   
  
     
   
  
   16.81  
   
  
     
   
  
   15.42  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.30  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.94  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.94  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   102.24  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   99.26  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   103.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   103.66  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.02  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   70.90  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.96  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.37  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.28  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.19  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.82  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   22.77  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.79  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.87  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.36  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   95.11  
   
  
     
   
  
   98.91  
   
  
     
   
  
   106.49  
   
  
     
   
  
   108.73  
   
  
     
   
  
   104.98  
   
  
     
   
  
   107.92  
   
  
     
   
  
   104.01  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.24  
   
  
     
   
  
   44.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   65.36  
   
  
     
   
  
   75.24  
   
  
     
   
  
   61.64  
   
  
     
   
  
   59.55  
   
  
     
   
  
   56.26  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.80  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.59  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.79  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.53  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.20  
   
  
     
   
  
   6.86  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.63  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59.63  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil,
  per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93.96  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93.96  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   12.72  
   
  
     
   
  
   32.02  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.42  
   
  
     
   
  
   13.95  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.41  
   
  
     
   
  
   16.81  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.48  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34.30  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average
  production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.94  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.94  
   
  
 



   

 Average production prices have been calculated by using
sales quantities from the Corporation’s own production as the divisor. Average
production costs have been computed by using net production quantities for the
divisor. The volumes of crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) production used
for this computation are shown in the oil and gas production table in section
3.A. The volumes of natural gas used in the calculation are the production
volumes of natural gas available for sale and are also shown in section 3.A.
The natural gas available for sale volumes are different from those shown in
the reserves table in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental
Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of
the Financial Section of this report due to volumes consumed or flared. Gas is
converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand
barrels.  


 


 10   


 
 

 


   


 
 4. Drilling and Other Exploratory and
Development Activities  

 A. Number of Net Productive and Dry Wells
Drilled  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  Productive Exploratory Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   14  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
   Total
  productive exploratory wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   11  
   
  
     
   
  
   16  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Dry
  Exploratory Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
   Total dry
  exploratory wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
 




 


 11   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  Productive Development Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   692  
   
  
     
   
  
   721  
   
  
     
   
  
   755  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   53  
   
  
     
   
  
   178  
   
  
     
   
  
   201  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   10  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   13  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   23  
   
  
     
   
  
   41  
   
  
     
   
  
   33  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   30  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   796  
   
  
     
   
  
   972  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   390  
   
  
     
   
  
   340  
   
  
     
   
  
   328  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   393  
   
  
     
   
  
   343  
   
  
     
   
  
   338  
   
  
 
   
   Total
  productive development wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,189  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,373  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Dry
  Development Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   10  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
   Total dry
  development wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   11  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total number
  of net wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,210  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,344  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405  
   
  
 




 


 12   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Exploratory and Development Activities Regarding Oil and Gas
Resources Extracted by Mining Technologies  

 Syncrude Operations.  Syncrude is a joint venture established to
recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract
the crude bitumen, and then upgrade it to produce a high-quality, light (32
degrees API), sweet, synthetic crude oil. Imperial Oil Limited is the owner of
a 25 percent interest in the joint venture. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6
percent interest in Imperial Oil Limited. In 2015, the company’s share of net
production of synthetic crude oil was 58 thousand barrels per day and share of
net acreage was 63 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil sands deposit.  

 Kearl Operations.  Kearl is a joint venture established to
recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract
the crude bitumen. Imperial Oil Limited holds a 70.96 percent interest in the
joint venture and ExxonMobil Canada Properties holds the other 29.04 percent.
Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in Imperial Oil Limited and
a 100 percent interest in ExxonMobil Canada Properties. Kearl is comprised of
six oil sands leases covering 49 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil sands
deposit.  

 The Kearl project is located approximately 40 miles north
of Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Bitumen is extracted from oil sands produced
from open-pit mining operations, and processed through bitumen extraction and
froth treatment trains. The product, a blend of bitumen and diluent, is shipped
to our refineries and to other third parties. Diluent is natural gas condensate
or other light hydrocarbons added to the crude bitumen to facilitate
transportation by pipeline and rail. During 2015, average net production at
Kearl was 149 thousand barrels per day. The Kearl Expansion project was
completed and started up in 2015, adding additional capacity of 110 thousand
barrels of bitumen per day.  

   

 5. Present
Activities  

 A. Wells Drilling  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Wells
  Drilling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   860  
   
  
     
   
  
   379  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120  
   
  
     
   
  
   442  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South America 
   
  
   15  
   
  
     
   
  
   10  
   
  
     
   
  
   35  
   
  
     
   
  
   29  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   18  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   23  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   33  
   
  
     
   
  
   12  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   65  
   
  
     
   
  
   18  
   
  
     
   
  
   90  
   
  
     
   
  
   26  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   10  
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   980  
   
  
     
   
  
   421  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,306  
   
  
     
   
  
   521  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   18  
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   28  
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   36  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net wells drilling 
   
  
   1,008  
   
  
     
   
  
   427  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,342  
   
  
     
   
  
   528  
   
  
 



   

 B. Review of Principal
Ongoing Activities  

 UNITED STATES  

 ExxonMobil’s year-end 2015 acreage holdings totaled 14.0 million
net acres, of  which 1.3
million  net acres were offshore. ExxonMobil was
active in areas onshore and offshore in the lower 48 states and in Alaska .  

 During
the year, 1,063.2 net exploration and development wells were completed in the
inland lower 48 states. Development activities focused on liquids-rich
opportunities in the onshore U.S., primarily in the Permian Basin of West Texas
and New Mexico and the Bakken oil play in North Dakota and Montana. In addition,
gas development activities continued in the Marcellus Shale of Pennsylvania and
West Virginia and the Utica Shale of Ohio.  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Gulf of Mexico at year-end 2015
was 1.2 million acres. A  total
of 3.5   net development
wells were completed during the year. The deepwater Hadrian South project and
the non-operated Lucius project started up in 2015. ExxonMobil continued
development activities on the  Heidelberg and Julia Phase 1 projects. Offshore California 1.0 net
development well was completed.    


 


 13   


 
 

 


   


 
 Participation in Alaska production and
development continued with a total of 20.9 net development wells completed.
Development activities continued on the Point Thomson project .  

 CANADA / SOUTH AMERICA    

 Canada  

 Oil and Gas Operations:    ExxonMobil’s
year-end 2015 acreage holdings totaled 6.2 million net acres, of which 1.9
million net acres were offshore. A total of 11.1 net exploration and
development wells were completed during the year. Development activities
continued on the Hebron project during 2015.    

 In Situ Bitumen Operations:    ExxonMobil’s year-end 2015 in situ bitumen acreage holdings
totaled 0.7 million net onshore acres. A total of 41.0 net development wells
were completed during the year .
The Cold Lake Nabiye Expansion project started up in 2015.  

 Argentina  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.9 million onshore acres
at year-end 2015, and there were 1.0 net development wells completed during the
year .  

 EUROPE  

 Germany  

 A total of 4.8 million net onshore acres were held by
ExxonMobil at year-end 2015, with 0.7 net development wells completed during
the year .  

 Netherlands  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses totaled approximately
1.5 million acres at year-end 2015, of which 1.2 million acres were onshore. A
total of 3.5 net exploration and development wells were completed during the
year .  

 Norway  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses at year-end 2015
totaled approximately 0.2 million acres, all offshore. A total of 6.8 net
exploration and development wells were completed in 2015 . The non-operated Aasgard Subsea
Compression project started up in 2015.    

 United Kingdom  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses at
year-end 2015 totaled approximately 0.5 million acres, all offshore. A total of
5.1 net development wells were completed during the year.    

 AFRICA  

 Angola  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.4 million offshore acres
at year-end 2015, with 3.6 net development wells completed during the year. On
Block 15, the Kizomba Satellites Phase 2 project started up in 2015. On Block
32, development activities continued on the Kaombo Split Hub project.    

 Chad  

 ExxonMobil’s net year-end 2015 acreage holdings
consisted of 46 thousand onshore acres, with 15.6 net development wells
completed during the year .  

 Equatorial Guinea  

 ExxonMobil’s acreage totaled 0.3 million net offshore acres
at year-end 2015 , with 2.3
net development wells completed during the year. In 2015, ExxonMobil acquired
deepwater acreage in Block EG 06.   

 Nigeria  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.1 million offshore acres
at year-end 2015, with 2.9 net exploration and development wells completed
during the year. In 2015, ExxonMobil acquired deepwater acreage in Block OPL
247. The deepwater Erha North Phase 2 project started up, and development
drilling continued on the deepwater Usan project in 2015. 


 


 14   


 
 

 


   


 
 ASIA
 

 Azerbaijan  

 At year-end 2015, ExxonMobil’s net acreage
totaled 9 thousand offshore acres. A total of 0.9 net development wells were
completed during the year.    

 Indonesia  

 At year-end 2015, ExxonMobil
had 0.5 million net acres, 0.4 million net acres offshore and 0.1 million net
acres onshore, with 3.2 net development wells completed during the year. In
2015, acreage was relinquished in the North Sumatra and Arun fields. The Banyu
Urip onshore central processing facility started up in 2015.    

 Iraq  

 At year-end 2015, ExxonMobil’s onshore
acreage was 0.6 million net acres. West Qurna Phase 1 oil field
rehabilitation activities continued during 2015 and   across
the life of this project will include drilling of new wells, working over of
existing wells, and optimization and debottlenecking of existing facilities.  In the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, after
operations were temporarily suspended due to security concerns in the region
during 2014, ExxonMobil resumed its seismic program and exploration drilling in
2015, with 1.6 net exploration wells completed during the year.      

 Kazakhstan  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage  totaled
0.1 million acres onshore and 0.2 million acres offshore at year-end 2015. A
total of 3.7 net development wells were completed during 2015. Following a
brief production period in 2013, Kashagan operations were suspended due to a
leak in the onshore section of the gas pipeline. Working with our partners,
activities are under way to replace both the oil and gas pipelines.    

 Malaysia  

 ExxonMobil has interests in production sharing contracts
covering 0.2 million net acres offshore at year-end 2015. During the year, a
total of 4.0 net development wells were completed.    

 Qatar  

 Through our joint ventures with Qatar Petroleum,
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 65 thousand acres offshore at year-end 2015.
ExxonMobil participated in 62.2 million tonnes per year gross liquefied natural
gas capacity and 2.0 billion cubic feet per day of flowing gas capacity at year
end. Development activities continued on the Barzan project .  

 Republic of Yemen  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Republic of Yemen
production sharing areas totaled 10 thousand acres onshore at year-end 2015.  

   

 Russia  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage holdings in Sakhalin at year-end
2015 were 85 thousand acres, all offshore. A total of 1.5 net development wells
were completed. The Arkutun-Dagi project started up, and development activities
continued on the Odoptu Stage 2 project in 2015. 

 At year-end 2015, ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Rosneft
joint venture agreements for the Kara, Laptev, Chukchi and Black Seas was 63.6
million acres, all offshore. ExxonMobil and Rosneft formed a joint venture to
evaluate the development of tight-oil reserves in western Siberia in 2013. Refer
to the relevant portion of “Note 7: Equity Company Information” of the
Financial Section of this report for additional information on the
Corporation’s participation in Rosneft joint venture activities.  

   

 Thailand  

 ExxonMobil’s net onshore acreage in Thailand concessions
totaled 21 thousand acres at year-end 2015 .  

   

 United Arab Emirates  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Abu Dhabi offshore Upper
Zakum oil concession was 81 thousand acres at year-end 2015. During the year, a
total of 3.6 net development wells were completed. Development activities
continued on the  Upper Zakum
750 project.  


 


 15   


 
 

 


   


 
 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA
 

 Australia  

 ExxonMobil’s year-end 2015 acreage holdings totaled 1.5
million net offshore acres. During the year, a total of 3.1 net exploration and
development wells were completed. Construction activities continued on the Gas
Conditioning Plant at Longford. 

 Project construction and commissioning activity for the
co-venturer operated Gorgon liquefied natural gas (LNG) project progressed in
2015. The project consists of a subsea infrastructure for offshore production
and transportation of the gas, a 15.6 million tonnes per year LNG facility and
a 280 million cubic feet per day domestic gas plant located on Barrow Island,
Western Australia.  

 Papua New Guinea  

 A  total of 1.1 million net onshore acres were held by ExxonMobil at
year-end 2015, with 1.5 net development wells completed during the year. The
Papua New Guinea (PNG) LNG integrated development includes gas production and
processing facilities in the southern PNG Highlands, onshore and offshore
pipelines, and a 6.9 million tonnes per year   LNG
facility near Port Moresby .  

 WORLDWIDE EXPLORATION  

 At year-end 2015, exploration activities were under way in
several areas in which ExxonMobil has no established production operations and
thus are not included above. A total of 12.6 million net acres were held at
year-end 2015 and 4.4   net exploration wells were
completed during the year in these countries .  

   

 6. Delivery Commitments  

 ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas
from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations, some
of which may specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity for
periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters into natural gas sales
contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can
be a combination of our own production and the spot market. Worldwide, we are
contractually committed to deliver approximately 43 million barrels of oil and
2,800 billion cubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2016 through 2018.
We expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with production
from our proved developed reserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulfilled
with production from our proved undeveloped reserves and spot market purchases
as necessary. 


 


 16   


 
 

 


   


 
 7. Oil and Gas Properties, Wells,
Operations and Acreage  

 A. Gross and Net Productive Wells  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and
  Net Productive Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   20,662  
   
  
   8,334  
   
  
   33,657  
   
  
   20,307  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,424  
   
  
   7,939  
   
  
   33,149  
   
  
   20,398  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
   5,045  
   
  
   4,741  
   
  
   4,559  
   
  
   1,769  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,012  
   
  
   4,659  
   
  
   4,577  
   
  
   1,782  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,195  
   
  
   345  
   
  
   644  
   
  
   255  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,215  
   
  
   347  
   
  
   642  
   
  
   259  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   1,315  
   
  
   517  
   
  
   20  
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299  
   
  
   513  
   
  
   19  
   
  
   8  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   818  
   
  
   280  
   
  
   149  
   
  
   87  
   
  
     
   
  
   804  
   
  
   267  
   
  
   207  
   
  
   150  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   630  
   
  
   138  
   
  
   49  
   
  
   23  
   
  
     
   
  
   669  
   
  
   157  
   
  
   43  
   
  
   21  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   29,665  
   
  
   14,355  
   
  
   39,078  
   
  
   22,449  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,423  
   
  
   13,882  
   
  
   38,637  
   
  
   22,618  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   14,555  
   
  
   5,594  
   
  
   4,301  
   
  
   493  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,571  
   
  
   5,605  
   
  
   4,365  
   
  
   494  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   13  
   
  
   6  
   
  
   570  
   
  
   180  
   
  
     
   
  
   57  
   
  
   20  
   
  
   567  
   
  
   179  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   121  
   
  
   30  
   
  
   125  
   
  
   30  
   
  
     
   
  
   110  
   
  
   27  
   
  
   125  
   
  
   30  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   14,689  
   
  
   5,630  
   
  
   4,996  
   
  
   703  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,738  
   
  
   5,652  
   
  
   5,057  
   
  
   703  
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net productive wells 
   
  
   44,354  
   
  
   19,985  
   
  
   44,074  
   
  
   23,152  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,161  
   
  
   19,534  
   
  
   43,694  
   
  
   23,321  
   
  
 



   

 There were 35,909 gross and 30,114 net operated wells at
year-end 2015 and 35,446 gross and 29,870 net operated wells at year-end 2014.
The number of wells with multiple completions was 1,266 gross in 2015 and 1,219
gross in 2014.  

 Note: Year-end 2014 consolidated subsidiaries well counts
for gross and net wells in the United States were restated in regards to non-operated
wells. 


 


 17   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Gross and Net Developed Acreage     

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of acres) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and
  Net Developed Acreage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   14,827  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,327  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,777  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,367  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America  (1)  
   
  
   3,335  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,122  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,242  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   3,275  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,473  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,337  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,506  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   2,493  
   
  
     
   
  
   866  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,286  
   
  
     
   
  
   815  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1,934  
   
  
     
   
  
   562  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,817  
   
  
     
   
  
   551  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   2,123  
   
  
     
   
  
   781  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,123  
   
  
     
   
  
   758  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   27,987  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,131  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,855  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,239  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   939  
   
  
     
   
  
   209  
   
  
     
   
  
   949  
   
  
     
   
  
   208  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   4,278  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,342  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,356  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   628  
   
  
     
   
  
   155  
   
  
     
   
  
   628  
   
  
     
   
  
   156  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   5,845  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,699  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,919  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,720  
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net developed acreage 
   
  
   33,832  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,830  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,774  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,959  
   
  
 



 (1)   Includes developed acreage in South
America of 213 gross and 109 net thousands of acres for 2015 and 213 gross and
109 net thousands of acres for 2014.  

 Separate acreage data for oil and gas are not maintained
because, in many instances, both are produced from the same acreage.  

   

 C. Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of acres) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and
  Net Undeveloped Acreage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   9,353  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,358  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,262  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,894  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America  (1)  
   
  
   19,328  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,113  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,100  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,250  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   10,073  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,444  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,601  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,636  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   10,586  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,306  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,143  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,020  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   6,888  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,959  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,437  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   5,629  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,902  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,653  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   61,857  
   
  
     
   
  
   31,082  
   
  
     
   
  
   83,196  
   
  
     
   
  
   52,829  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   259  
   
  
     
   
  
   92  
   
  
     
   
  
   350  
   
  
     
   
  
   118  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   191,147  
   
  
     
   
  
   63,633  
   
  
     
   
  
   191,146  
   
  
     
   
  
   63,632  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   191,406  
   
  
     
   
  
   63,725  
   
  
     
   
  
   191,496  
   
  
     
   
  
   63,750  
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net undeveloped acreage 
   
  
   253,263  
   
  
     
   
  
   94,807  
   
  
     
   
  
   274,692  
   
  
     
   
  
   116,579  
   
  
 



 (1)   Includes undeveloped acreage in
South America of 10,634 gross and 4,970 net thousands of acres for 2015 and 9,056
gross and 8,083 net thousands of acres for 2014. 

 ExxonMobil’s investment in developed and undeveloped acreage
is comprised of numerous concessions, blocks and leases. The terms and
conditions under which the Corporation maintains exploration and/or production
rights to the acreage are property-specific, contractually defined and vary
significantly from property to property. Work programs are designed to ensure
that the exploration potential of any property is fully evaluated before
expiration. In some instances, the Corporation may elect to relinquish acreage
in advance of the contractual expiration date if the evaluation process is
complete and there is not a business basis for extension. In cases where
additional time may be required to fully evaluate acreage, the Corporation has
generally been successful in obtaining extensions. The scheduled expiration of
leases and concessions for undeveloped acreage over the next three years is not
expected to have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.  


 


 18   


 
 

 


   


 
 D. Summary of Acreage Terms  

 UNITED STATES  

 Oil and gas exploration and production rights are acquired
from mineral interest owners through a lease. Mineral interest owners include
the Federal and State governments, as well as private mineral interest owners.
Leases typically have an exploration period ranging from one to ten years, and
a production period that normally remains in effect until production ceases.
Under certain circumstances, a lease may be held beyond its exploration term
even if production has not commenced. In some instances regarding private
property, a “fee interest” is acquired where both the surface and the
underlying mineral interests are owned outright.  

 CANADA / SOUTH
AMERICA  

 Canada  

 Exploration licenses or leases in onshore areas are
acquired for varying periods of time with renewals or extensions possible.
These licenses or leases entitle the holder to continue existing licenses or
leases upon completing specified work. In general, these license and lease
agreements are held as long as there is production on the licenses and leases.
Exploration licenses in offshore eastern Canada and the Beaufort Sea are held
by work commitments of various amounts and rentals. They are valid for a
maximum term of nine years. Production licenses in the offshore are valid for
25 years, with rights of extension for continued production. Significant
discovery licenses in the offshore, relating to currently undeveloped
discoveries, do not have a definite term.  

 Argentina  

 The Federal Hydrocarbon Law was amended in December 2014.
The onshore concession terms granted prior to the amendment are up to six
years, divided into three potential exploration periods, with an optional
extension for up to one year depending on the classification of the area.
Pursuant to the amended law, the production term for a conventional production
concession would be 25 years, and 35 years for an unconventional concession,
with unlimited ten-year extensions possible, once a field has been developed.  

 EUROPE  

 Germany  

 Exploration concessions are granted for an initial maximum
period of five years, with an unlimited number of extensions of up to three
years each. Extensions are subject to specific, minimum work commitments.
Production licenses are normally granted for 20 to 25 years with multiple
possible extensions as long as there is production on the license.  

 Netherlands  

 Under the Mining Law, effective January 1, 2003,
exploration and production licenses for both onshore and offshore areas are
issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license. The term is based on
the period of time necessary to perform the activities for which the license is
issued. License conditions are stipulated in the license and are based on the
Mining Law.  

 Production rights granted prior to January 1, 2003, remain
subject to their existing terms, and differ slightly for onshore and offshore
areas. Onshore production licenses issued prior to 1988 were indefinite; from
1988 they were issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license,
ranging from 35 to 45 years. Offshore production licenses issued before 1976
were issued for a fixed period of 40 years; from 1976 they were again issued
for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging from 15 to 40 years.
 

 Norway  

 Licenses issued prior to 1972 were for an initial period of
six years and an extension period of 40 years, with relinquishment of at least
one-fourth of the original area required at the end of the sixth year and
another one-fourth at the end of the ninth year. Licenses issued between 1972
and 1997 were for an initial period of up to six years (with extension of the
initial period of one year at a time up to ten years after 1985), and an
extension period of up to 30 years, with relinquishment of at least one-half of
the original area required at the end of the initial period. Licenses issued
after July 1, 1997, have an initial period of up to ten years and a normal
extension period of up to 30 years or in special cases of up to 50 years, and
with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area required at the
end of the initial period. 

 
  


 


 19   


 
 

 


   


 
 United
Kingdom  

 Acreage terms are fixed by the government and are
periodically changed. For example, many of the early licenses issued under the
first four licensing rounds provided for an initial term of six years with
relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area at the end of the
initial term, subject to extension for a further 40 years. At the end of any
such 40-year term, licenses may continue in producing areas until cessation of
production; or licenses may continue in development areas for periods agreed on
a case-by-case basis until they become producing areas; or licenses terminate
in all other areas. The licensing regime was last updated in 2002, and the
majority of licenses issued have an initial term of four years with a second
term extension of four years and a final term of 18 years with a mandatory
relinquishment of 50 percent of the acreage after the initial term and of all
acreage that is not covered by a development plan at the end of the second term.
 

 AFRICA  

 Angola  

 Exploration and production activities are governed by
production sharing agreements with an initial exploration term of four years
and an optional second phase of two to three years. The production period is
for 25 years, and agreements generally provide for a negotiated extension.  

 Chad  

 Exploration permits are issued for a period of five years,
and are renewable for one or two further five-year periods. The terms and conditions
of the permits, including relinquishment obligations, are specified in a
negotiated convention. The production term is for 30 years and may be extended
up to 50 years at the discretion of the government.  

 Equatorial Guinea  

 Exploration, development and production activities are
governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the State
Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy. A new PSC was signed in 2015; the
initial exploration period is five years for oil and gas, with multi-year
extensions available at the discretion of the Ministry and limited
relinquishments in the absence of commercial discoveries. The production period
for crude oil ranges from 25 to 30 years, while the production period for
natural gas ranges from 25 to 50 years.  

 Nigeria  

 Exploration and production activities in the deepwater
offshore areas are typically governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs)
with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC). NNPC typically holds the underlying Oil Prospecting License (OPL) and
any resulting Oil Mining Lease (OML). The terms of the PSCs are generally 30
years, including a ten-year exploration period (an initial exploration phase
that can be divided into multiple optional periods) covered by an OPL. Upon
commercial discovery, an OPL may be converted to an OML. Partial relinquishment
is required under the PSC at the end of the ten-year exploration period, and
OMLs have a 20-year production period that may be extended.  

 Some exploration activities are carried out in deepwater by
joint ventures with local companies holding interests in an OPL. OPLs in
deepwater offshore areas are valid for ten years, while in all other areas the
licenses are for five years. Demonstrating a commercial discovery is the basis
for conversion of an OPL to an OML.  

 OMLs granted prior to the 1969 Petroleum Act (i.e., under
the Mineral Oils Act 1914, repealed by the 1969 Petroleum Act) were for 30
years onshore and 40 years in offshore areas and have been renewed, effective
December 1, 2008, for a further period of 20 years, with a further renewal
option of 20 years. Operations under these pre-1969 OMLs are conducted under a
joint venture agreement with NNPC rather than a PSC. Commercial terms
applicable to the existing joint venture oil production are defined by the
Petroleum Profits Tax Act.  

 OMLs granted under the 1969 Petroleum Act, which include
all deepwater OMLs, have a maximum term of 20 years without distinction for
onshore or offshore location and are renewable, upon 12 months’ written notice,
for another period of 20 years. OMLs not held by NNPC are also subject to a
mandatory 50-percent relinquishment after the first ten years of their duration.
 

 
  


 


 20   


 
 

 


   


 
   ASIA
  

 Azerbaijan  

 The production sharing agreement (PSA) for the development
of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli field is established for an initial period of 30
years starting from the PSA execution date in 1994.  

 Other exploration and production activities are governed by
PSAs negotiated with the national oil company of Azerbaijan. The exploration
period consists of three or four years with the possibility of a one to
three-year extension. The production period, which includes development, is for
25 years or 35 years with the possibility of one or two five-year extensions.  

 Indonesia  

 Exploration and production activities in Indonesia are
generally governed by cooperation contracts, usually in the form of a
production sharing contract (PSC), negotiated with BPMIGAS, a government agency
established in 2002 to manage upstream oil and gas activities. In 2012,
Indonesia’s Constitutional Court ruled certain articles of law relating to
BPMIGAS to be unconstitutional, but stated that all existing PSCs signed with
BPMIGAS should remain in force until their expiry, and the functions and duties
previously performed by BPMIGAS are to be carried out by the relevant Ministry
of the Government of Indonesia until the promulgation of a new oil and gas law.
By presidential decree, SKKMIGAS became the interim successor to BPMIGAS. The
current PSCs have an exploration period of six years, which can be extended up
to 10 years, and an exploitation period of 20 years. PSCs generally require the
contractor to relinquish 10 percent to 20 percent of the contract area after
three years and generally allow the contractor to retain no more than 50
percent to 80 percent of the original contract area after six years, depending
on the acreage and terms.  

 Iraq  

 Development and production activities in the state-owned
oil and gas fields are governed by contracts with regional oil companies of the
Iraqi Ministry of Oil. An ExxonMobil affiliate entered into a contract with
South Oil Company of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil for the rights to participate in
the development and production activities of the West Qurna Phase I oil
and gas field effective March 1, 2010. The term of the contract is 20 years
with the right to extend for five years. The contract provides for cost
recovery plus per-barrel fees for incremental production above specified levels.
 

 Exploration and production activities in the Kurdistan
Region of Iraq are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated
with the regional government of Kurdistan in 2011. The exploration term is for
five years, with extensions available as provided by the PSCs and at the
discretion of the regional government of Kurdistan. The production period is 20
years with the right to extend for five years.  

 Kazakhstan  

 Onshore exploration and production activities are governed
by the production license, exploration license and joint venture agreements
negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. Existing production operations have
a 40-year production period that commenced in 1993.  

 Offshore exploration and production activities are governed
by a production sharing agreement negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan.
The exploration period is six years followed by separate appraisal periods for
each discovery. The production period for each discovery, which includes
development, is for 20 years from the date of declaration of commerciality with
the possibility of two ten-year extensions.  

 Malaysia  

 Production activities are governed by production sharing
contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the national oil company. The PSCs have terms
ranging up to 29 years. All extensions are subject to the national oil
company’s prior written approval. The total production period is 15 to 29
years, depending on the provisions of the respective contract.  

 Qatar  

 The State of Qatar grants gas production development
project rights to develop and supply gas from the offshore North Field to
permit the economic development and production of gas reserves sufficient to
satisfy the gas and LNG sales obligations of these projects.  

 Republic of Yemen  

 The Jannah production sharing agreement has a development
period extending 20 years from first commercial declaration, which was made in
June 1995. Due to force majeure events, the development period has been
extended beyond its original expiration date by an additional 400 days, with
the possibility of further extensions due to ongoing force majeure events. 

 
  


 


 21   


 
 

 


   


 
 Russia  

 Terms for ExxonMobil’s Sakhalin acreage are fixed by the
production sharing agreement (PSA) that became effective in 1996 between the
Russian government and the Sakhalin-1 consortium, of which ExxonMobil is the
operator. The term of the PSA is 20 years from the Declaration of
Commerciality, which would be 2021. The term may be extended thereafter in
ten-year increments as specified in the PSA. 

 Exploration and production activities in the Kara, Laptev,
Chukchi and Black Seas are governed by joint venture agreements concluded with
Rosneft in 2013 and 2014 that cover certain of Rosneft’s offshore licenses. The
Kara Sea licenses covered by the joint venture agreements concluded in 2013
extend through 2040 and include an exploration period through 2020. Additional
licenses in the Kara, Laptev and Chukchi Seas covered by the joint venture
agreements concluded in 2014 extend through 2043 and include an exploration
period through 2023. The Kara, Laptev and Chukchi Sea licenses require
development plan submission within eight years of a discovery and development
activities within five years of plan approval. The Black Sea exploration
license extends through 2017 and a discovery is the basis for obtaining a
license for production. Refer to the relevant portion of “Note 7: Equity
Company Information” of the Financial Section of this report for additional
information on the Corporation’s participation in Rosneft joint venture
activities.  

 Thailand  

 The Petroleum Act of 1971 allows production under
ExxonMobil’s concession for 30 years with a ten-year extension at terms
generally prevalent at the time.  

 United Arab Emirates  

 An interest in the development and production activities of
the Upper Zakum field, a major offshore field, was acquired effective as of
January 2006, for a term expiring March 2026, and in 2013 the governing
agreements were extended to 2041.  

 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA  

 Australia  

 Exploration and production activities conducted offshore in
Commonwealth waters are governed by Federal legislation. Exploration permits
are granted for an initial term of six years with two possible five-year
renewal periods. Retention leases may be granted for resources that are not
commercially viable at the time of application, but are expected to become
commercially viable within 15 years. These are granted for periods of five
years and renewals may be requested. Prior to July 1998, production licenses were
granted initially for 21 years, with a further renewal of 21 years and
thereafter “indefinitely”, i.e., for the life of the field. Effective from July
1998, new production licenses are granted “indefinitely”. In each case, a
production license may be terminated if no production operations have been
carried on for five years.  

 Papua New Guinea  

 Exploration and production activities are governed by the
Oil and Gas Act. Petroleum Prospecting licenses are granted for an initial term
of six years with a five-year extension possible (an additional extension of
three years is possible in certain circumstances). Generally, a 50-percent
relinquishment of the license area is required at the end of the initial
six-year term, if extended. Petroleum Development licenses are granted for an
initial 25-year period. An extension of up to 20 years may be granted at the
Minister’s discretion. Petroleum Retention licenses may be granted for gas
resources that are not commercially viable at the time of application, but may
become commercially viable within the maximum possible retention time of 15
years. Petroleum Retention licenses are granted for five-year terms, and may be
extended, at the Minister’s discretion, twice for the maximum retention time of
15 years. Extensions of Petroleum Retention licenses may be for periods of less
than one year, renewable annually, if the Minister considers at the time of
extension that the resources could become commercially viable in less than five
years.  


 


 22   


 
 

 


   


 
 Information with regard to the Downstream
segment follows:  

 ExxonMobil’s Downstream segment manufactures and sells
petroleum products. The refining and supply operations encompass a global
network of manufacturing plants, transportation systems, and distribution
centers that provide a range of fuels, lubricants and other products and
feedstocks to our customers around the world.  

 Refining Capacity At
Year-End 2015  (1) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share  KBD  (2)  
   
  
   Interest % 
   
  
 
   
   United
  States 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Torrance 
   
  
   California 
   
  
   150  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Joliet 
   
  
   Illinois 
   
  
   236  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baton Rouge 
   
  
   Louisiana 
   
  
   503  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Billings 
   
  
   Montana 
   
  
   60  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baytown 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   561  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Beaumont 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   345  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
    Total United
  States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,855  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Strathcona 
   
  
   Alberta 
   
  
   189  
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nanticoke 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   113  
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sarnia 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   119  
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   421  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Antwerp 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   307  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fos-sur-Mer 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   133  
   
  
     
   
  
   82.9  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gravenchon 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   239  
   
  
     
   
  
   82.9  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Karlsruhe 
   
  
   Germany 
   
  
   78  
   
  
     
   
  
   25  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Augusta 
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
   198  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trecate 
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
   132  
   
  
     
   
  
   74.8  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Rotterdam 
   
  
   Netherlands 
   
  
   191  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Slagen 
   
  
   Norway 
   
  
   116  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fawley 
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   261  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,655  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Altona 
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
   78  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian 
   
  
   China 
   
  
   67  
   
  
     
   
  
   25  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Jurong/PAC 
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   592  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sriracha 
   
  
   Thailand 
   
  
   167  
   
  
     
   
  
   66  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   904  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Middle East 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Yanbu 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   200  
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,035  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Capacity data is based on
100 percent of rated refinery process unit stream-day capacities under
normal operating conditions, less the impact of shutdowns for regular repair
and maintenance activities, averaged over an extended period of time. The
listing excludes refineries owned through cost companies in Japan and New
Zealand, and the Laffan Refinery in Qatar for which results are reported in the
Upstream segment. 

 (2)   Thousands of barrels per day (KBD).
ExxonMobil share reflects 100 percent of atmospheric distillation capacity
in operations of ExxonMobil and majority-owned subsidiaries. For companies
owned 50 percent or less, ExxonMobil share is the greater of ExxonMobil’s
interest or that portion of distillation capacity normally available to
ExxonMobil.  


 


 23   


 
 

 


   


 
 The marketing operations
sell products and services throughout the world through our  Exxon ,  Esso  
and  Mobil   brands. 

 Retail Sites At Year-End 2015 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   United
  States 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   9,617  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total United
  States 
   
  
   9,617  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   474  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   1,281  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Canada 
   
  
   1,755  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   2,438  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   3,612  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
   6,050  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   645  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   795  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
   1,440  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Latin
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   745  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Latin
  America 
   
  
   754  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Middle
  East/Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   372  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   263  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Middle
  East/Africa 
   
  
   635  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   3,938  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   16,313  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Worldwide 
   
  
   20,251  
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 24   


 
 

 


   


 
 Information with regard to the Chemical
segment follows:  

 ExxonMobil’s Chemical segment manufactures and sells
petrochemicals. The Chemical business supplies olefins, polyolefins, aromatics,
and a wide variety of other petrochemicals.  

 Chemical Complex Capacity At Year-End 2015
 (1)(2)    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Ethylene 
   
  
   Polyethylene 
   
  
   Polypropylene 
   
  
   Paraxylene 
   
  
   Interest % 
   
  
 
   
   North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baton Rouge 
   
  
   Louisiana 
   
  
   1.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baytown 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   2.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Beaumont 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   0.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mont Belvieu 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sarnia 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   0.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Antwerp 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fife 
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   0.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gravenchon 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   0.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Meerhout 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Rotterdam 
   
  
   Netherlands 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Middle East 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Al Jubail 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   0.6  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Yanbu 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   1.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Middle
  East 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian 
   
  
   China 
   
  
   0.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   25  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   1.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   100  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sriracha 
   
  
   Thailand 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5  
   
  
     
   
  
   66  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.7  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.6  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Capacity for ethylene, polyethylene,
polypropylene and paraxylene in millions of metric tons per year.  

 (2)   Capacity reflects 100 percent
for operations of ExxonMobil and majority‑owned subsidiaries. For
companies owned 50 percent or less, capacity is ExxonMobil’s interest. The
listing excludes cost company capacity in Japan.  


 


 25   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 3.       Legal
Proceedings 

 As
reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2015,
following ExxonMobil Oil Corporation’s (EMOC) self-reporting of an air emission
event at the ExxonMobil Beaumont Chemical Plant, the Texas Commission on
Environmental Quality (TCEQ) notified EMOC on September 17, 2015, that it was
seeking a penalty of $150,000 for exceeding provisions of the Texas
Administrative Code and the Texas Health and Safety Code. On December 15, 2015,
the TCEQ agreed with EMOC on the duration of the event, and the parties agreed
to an administrative penalty of $50,000, of which $25,000 was paid to the TCEQ
on January 7, 2016. The balance will be paid for a Supplemental Environmental Project
upon endorsement by the TCEQ. 

 Refer to the relevant portions of “Note 16: Litigation
and Other Contingencies” of the Financial Section of this report for additional
information on legal proceedings.  

 Item 4.       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   _______________________ 
   
  
     
   
  
 



     

 
 


 26   


 
 

 


   


 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant [pursuant to
Instruction 3 to Regulation S-K, Item 401(b)] 

   

 

 
  
   
   Rex W. Tillerson 
   
  
   Chairman of the Board 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2006 
   
  
   Age: 63 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Rex W. Tillerson became a Director and President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on March 1, 2004, and was President through
  December 31, 2015. He became Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
  Officer on January 1, 2006, positions he still holds as of the filing
  date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Darren W. Woods 
   
  
   President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January
  1, 2016 
   
  
   Age: 51 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Darren W. Woods was Vice President, Supply
  & Transportation, ExxonMobil Refining & Supply Company
  July 1, 2010 – July 31, 2012. He was President of
  ExxonMobil Refining & Supply Company August 1, 2012 – July 31, 2014 and Vice
  President of Exxon Mobil Corporation August 1, 2012 – May 31, 2014.
  He was Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation June 1, 2014 –
  December 31, 2015. He became a Director and President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation on January 1, 2016, positions he still holds as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Mark W. Albers 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April 1, 2007 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Mark W. Albers became Senior Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2007, a position he still holds as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Michael J. Dolan 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April 1, 2008 
   
  
   Age: 62 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Michael J. Dolan became Senior Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2008, a position he still holds as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Andrew P. Swiger 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April 1, 2009 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Andrew P. Swiger became Senior Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2009, a position he still holds as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Jack
  P. Williams, Jr. 
   
  
   Senior
  Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   June
  1, 2014 
   
  
   Age: 52 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Jack P. Williams, Jr. was President of XTO
  Energy Inc. June 25, 2010 – May 31, 2013. He was Executive Vice President of
  ExxonMobil Production Company June 1, 2013 – June 30, 2014. He became Senior
  Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on June 1, 2014, a position he
  still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   S. Jack Balagia 
   
  
   Vice President and General Counsel 
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   March 1, 2010 
   
  
   Age: 64 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. S. Jack Balagia became Vice President and General Counsel of
  Exxon Mobil Corporation on March 1, 2010, positions he still holds
  as of this filing date.  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 


 


   

    

 


 27   


 
 

 


   


 
 
  
   
   Neil A. Chapman 
   
  
   Vice President 
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January
  1, 2015 
   
  
   Age: 53 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Neil A. Chapman was President of ExxonMobil
  Global Services Company April 4, 2007 – March 31, 2011. He was Senior Vice
  President, ExxonMobil Chemical Company April 1, 2011 – December 31, 2014. He
  became President of ExxonMobil Chemical Company and Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on January 1, 2015, positions he still holds as of this
  filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Randy
  J. Cleveland 
   
  
   President,
  XTO Energy Inc., a subsidiary of the Corporation 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   June
  1, 2013 
   
  
   Age: 54 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Randy J. Cleveland was Vice President, XTO
  Integration, XTO Energy Inc. June 25, 2010 – January 31, 2012. He was
  Executive Vice President, XTO Energy Inc. February 1, 2012 – May 31, 2013. He
  became President of XTO Energy Inc. on June 1, 2013, a position he still holds
  as of this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   William M. Colton 
   
  
   Vice President – Corporate Strategic Planning 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   February 1, 2009 
   
  
   Age: 62 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. William M. Colton became Vice President – Corporate Strategic
  Planning of Exxon Mobil Corporation on February 1, 2009, a position
  he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Bradley W. Corson 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current
  title since: 
   
  
   March
  1, 2015 
   
  
   Age: 54 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Bradley W.
  Corson was Regional Vice President, Europe/Caspian for ExxonMobil Production
  Company May 1, 2009 – April 30, 2014. He was Vice President, ExxonMobil
  Upstream Ventures May 1, 2014 – February 28, 2015. He became President of ExxonMobil
  Upstream Ventures and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on March 1,
  2015, positions he still holds as of this filing date.  
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Neil W. Duffin 
   
  
   President, ExxonMobil
  Development Company 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April
  13, 2007 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Neil W.
  Duffin became President of ExxonMobil Development Company on
  April 13, 2007, a position he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Robert S. Franklin 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   May
  1, 2009 
   
  
   Age: 58 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Robert S.
  Franklin was President of ExxonMobil Upstream Ventures and Vice President of
  Exxon Mobil Corporation May 1, 2009 – February 28, 2013. He became President
  of ExxonMobil Gas & Power Marketing Company and Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on March 1, 2013, positions he still holds as of this
  filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Stephen M. Greenlee 
   
  
   Vice
  President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   September
  1, 2010 
   
  
   Age: 58 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Stephen M.
  Greenlee became President of ExxonMobil Exploration Company and Vice
  President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on September 1, 2010,
  positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Alan J. Kelly 
   
  
   Vice
  President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   December
  1, 2007 
   
  
   Age: 58 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Alan J. Kelly became President of
  ExxonMobil Lubricants & Petroleum Specialties Company and Vice
  President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on December 1, 2007. On
  February 1, 2012, the businesses of ExxonMobil Lubricants &
  Petroleum Specialties Company and ExxonMobil Fuels Marketing Company were
  consolidated and Mr. Kelly became President of the combined ExxonMobil Fuels,
  Lubricants & Specialties Marketing Company and Vice President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
     
   
  
 


 


    

 


 28   


 
 

 


   


 
 
 
  
   
   David S. Rosenthal 
   
  
   Vice President and Controller 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   October 1,
  2008 (Vice President) 
   September
  1, 2014 (Controller) 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. David S. Rosenthal was Vice President
  – Investor Relations and Secretary of Exxon Mobil Corporation
  October 1, 2008 – August 31, 2014. He became Vice President and
  Controller of Exxon Mobil Corporation on September 1, 2014, positions he
  still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Robert N. Schleckser 
   
  
   Vice President and Treasurer 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   May
  1, 2011 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Robert N. Schleckser was Assistant
  Treasurer of Exxon Mobil Corporation February 1, 2009 –
  April 30, 2011. He became Vice President and Treasurer of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on May 1, 2011, positions he still holds as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   James M. Spellings, Jr. 
   
  
   Vice President and General Tax Counsel 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   March
  1, 2010 
   
  
   Age: 54 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. James M. Spellings, Jr. became Vice
  President and General Tax Counsel of Exxon Mobil Corporation on March 1,
  2010, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Thomas R. Walters 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April
  1, 2009 
   
  
   Age: 61 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Thomas R. Walters was President of ExxonMobil
  Gas & Power Marketing Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation April 1, 2009 – February 28, 2013. He became President of
  ExxonMobil Production Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation
  on March 1, 2013, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
     
   
  
 
   
   Dennis G. Wascom 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   August
  1, 2014 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Dennis G. Wascom was Director, Refining
  Americas, ExxonMobil Refining & Supply Company April 1, 2009 – June 30,
  2013. He was Director, Refining North America, ExxonMobil Refining &
  Supply Company July 1, 2013 – July 31, 2014. He became President of
  ExxonMobil Refining & Supply Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation on August 1, 2014, positions he still holds as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 


 


   

 

 
  
   
   Jeffrey J. Woodbury 
   
  
   Vice President – Investor Relations and
  Secretary 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   July
  1, 2011 (Vice President) 
   September
  1, 2014 (Secretary) 
   
  
   Age: 55 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Jeffrey J. Woodbury was Executive Vice President
  of ExxonMobil Development Company April 1, 2009 – June 30, 2011. He was Vice
  President, Safety, Security, Health and Environment of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation July 1, 2011 – August 31, 2014. He became Vice President –
  Investor Relations and Secretary of Exxon Mobil Corporation on September 1,
  2014, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 


 


   

 Officers are generally elected by the Board of
Directors at its meeting on the day of each annual election of directors, with
each such officer serving until a successor has been elected and qualified.  


 


 29   


 
 

 


   


 
 PART II 

 Item 5.       Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Reference is made to the “Quarterly Information” portion of
the Financial Section of this report.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Issuer Purchases of Equity
  Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Number of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchased as 
   
  
   Maximum Number 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Part of Publicly 
   
  
   of Shares that May 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Number of 
   
  
   Average Price 
   
  
   Announced  
   
  
   Yet Be Purchased 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
   Paid per 
   
  
   Plans or  
   
  
   Under the Plans or 
   
  
 
   
   Period 
   
  
   Purchased 
   
  
   Share 
   
  
   Programs 
   
  
   Programs 
   
  
 
   
   October 2015 
   
  
   2,251,296  
   
  
   79.78  
   
  
   2,251,296  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   November 2015 
   
  
   3,845,713  
   
  
   81.66  
   
  
   3,845,713  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 2015 
   
  
   3,292,255  
   
  
   79.01  
   
  
   3,292,255  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   9,389,264  
   
  
   80.28  
   
  
   9,389,264  
   
  
   (See note 1) 
   
  
 



   

 Note 1 - On August 1, 2000, the Corporation announced its
intention to resume purchases of shares of its common stock for the treasury
both to offset shares issued in conjunction with company benefit plans and
programs and to gradually reduce the number of shares outstanding. The
announcement did not specify an amount or expiration date. The Corporation has
continued to purchase shares since this announcement and to report purchased
volumes in its quarterly earnings releases. In its most recent earnings release
dated February 2, 2016, the Corporation stated it will continue to acquire
shares to offset dilution in conjunction with benefit plans and programs, but
does not plan on making purchases to reduce shares outstanding. 

 Item 6.       Selected Financial
Data 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share
  amounts)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   259,488  
   
  
     
   
  
   394,105  
   
  
     
   
  
   420,836  
   
  
     
   
  
   451,509  
   
  
     
   
  
   467,029  
   
  
 
   
             (1)
  Sales-based taxes included 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,678  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,342  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,589  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,409  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,503  
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,880  
   
  
     
   
  
   41,060  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.70  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.43  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share - assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.70  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.42  
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends
  per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.88  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.70  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.46  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.18  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.85  
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758  
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493  
   
  
     
   
  
   346,808  
   
  
     
   
  
   333,795  
   
  
     
   
  
   331,052  
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,891  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,928  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,322  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Item 7.       Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Reference is made to the section entitled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in
the Financial Section of this report. 

 Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

 Reference is made to the section entitled “Market Risks,
Inflation and Other Uncertainties”, excluding the part entitled “Inflation and
Other Uncertainties,” in the Financial Section of this report. All statements
other than historical information incorporated in this Item 7A are
forward-looking statements. The actual impact of future market changes could
differ materially due to, among other things, factors discussed in this report.
 


 


 30   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 8.       Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Reference is made to the following in the Financial
Section of this report:   

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   Consolidated financial statements, together with the
  report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated February 24, 2016,
  beginning with the section entitled “Report of Independent Registered Public
  Accounting Firm” and continuing through “Note 19: Income, Sales-Based
  and Other Taxes”;  
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Quarterly Information” (unaudited);  
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration
  and Production Activities” (unaudited); and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Frequently Used Terms” (unaudited).  
   
  
 



 Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted
because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the
consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

 Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

 Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures 

 Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

 As indicated in the certifications in Exhibit 31 of this
report, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer
and Principal Accounting Officer have evaluated the Corporation’s disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2015. Based on that
evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure
controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to
be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or submits under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and
communicated to them in a manner that allows for timely decisions regarding
required disclosures and are effective in ensuring that such information is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms.  

 Management’s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

 Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive
Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the
Corporation’s financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015.  

 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, as stated in
their report included in the Financial Section of this report.  

 Changes in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

 There were no changes during the Corporation’s last fiscal
quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.  

 Item 9B.     Other Information 

 None. 


 


 31   


 
 

 


   


 
 PART
III 

 Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

 Incorporated by reference to the following from the
registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 annual meeting of
shareholders (the “2016 Proxy Statement”):  

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The section entitled “Election of Directors”; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The portion entitled “Section 16(a) Beneficial
  Ownership Reporting Compliance” of the section entitled “Director and
  Executive Officer Stock Ownership”; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The portions entitled “Director Qualifications” and
  “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” of the section entitled “Corporate
  Governance”; and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The “Audit Committee” portion and the membership
  table of the portion entitled “Board Meetings and Committees; Annual Meeting
  Attendance” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance”. 
   
  
 



    

 Item 11.     Executive Compensation 

 Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled
“Director Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation Tables” of the
registrant’s 2016 Proxy Statement.  

 Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information required under Item 403 of Regulation S-K
is incorporated by reference to the sections “Director and Executive Officer
Stock Ownership” and “Certain Beneficial Owners” of the registrant’s 2016 Proxy
Statement.  

   

 
  
   
   Equity Compensation Plan Information 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number of Securities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Remaining Available  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Future Issuance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number of Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise Price  
   
  
     
   
  
    Under Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
    to be Issued Upon  
   
  
     
   
  
   of Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
    Compensation  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Options,  
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans [Excluding 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding Options,  
   
  
     
   
  
   Warrants and  
   
  
     
   
  
   Securities Reflected  
   
  
 
   
   Plan
  Category 
   
  
   Warrants and Rights 
   
  
     
   
  
   Rights 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Column (a)] 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
  
   31,090,370  
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,899,852  
   
  
   (2)(3) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   31,090,370  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100,899,852  
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   The number of restricted stock units
to be settled in shares.  

 (2)   Available shares can be granted in
the form of restricted stock, options, or other stock-based awards. Includes
100,324,152 shares available for award under the 2003 Incentive Program and 575,700
shares available for award under the 2004 Non-Employee Director Restricted
Stock Plan.  

 (3)   Under the 2004 Non-Employee Director
Restricted Stock Plan approved by shareholders in May 2004, and the related
standing resolution adopted by the Board, each non-employee director automatically
receives 8,000 shares of restricted stock when first elected to the Board and,
if the director remains in office, an additional 2,500 restricted shares each
following year. While on the Board, each non-employee director receives the
same cash dividends on restricted shares as a holder of regular common stock,
but the director is not allowed to sell the shares. The restricted shares may
be forfeited if the director leaves the Board early.  


 


 32   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 13.     Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 Incorporated by reference to the portions entitled “Related
Person Transactions and Procedures” and “Director Independence” of the section
entitled “Corporate Governance” of the registrant’s 2016 Proxy Statement.  

 Item 14.     Principal Accounting
Fees and Services 

 Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Audit
Committee” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the section
entitled “Ratification of Independent Auditors” of the registrant’s 2016 Proxy
Statement.  

   

 PART IV 

 Item 15.     Exhibits, Financial
Statement Schedules 

 (a)       (1) and
(2) Financial Statements:  

            See Table of Contents
of the Financial Section of this report.  

 (a)       (3)
Exhibits:  

            See Index to Exhibits
of this report.  


 


 33   


 
 

 


   


 
 FINANCIAL SECTION 

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   TABLE OF CONTENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Business Profile 
   
  
     35  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Financial Summary 
   
  
     36  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Frequently Used Terms 
   
  
     37  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Quarterly Information 
   
  
     39  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  of Financial Condition  
   and Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Functional Earnings 
   
  
     40  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Forward-Looking Statements 
   
  
     40  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Overview 
   
  
     40  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Business Environment and Risk
  Assessment 
   
  
     41  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Review of 2015 and 2014 Results 
   
  
     44  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
     48  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capital and Exploration Expenditures 
   
  
     53  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes 
   
  
     53  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Environmental Matters 
   
  
     54  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Market Risks, Inflation and Other
  Uncertainties 
   
  
     54  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Recently Issued Accounting
  Standards                                                              
   
  
     56  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
     56  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Management’s Report on Internal
  Control Over Financial Reporting 
   
  
     61  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Report of Independent Registered
  Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
     62  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Income 
   
  
     63  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Comprehensive Income 
   
  
     64  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet 
   
  
     65  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Cash Flows 
   
  
     66  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Changes in Equity 
   
  
     67  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Notes to Consolidated Financial
  Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     1. Summary of Accounting
  Policies 
   
  
     68  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     2. Accounting Changes 
   
  
     71  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     3. Miscellaneous
  Financial Information 
   
  
     71  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     4. Other Comprehensive
  Income Information 
   
  
     72  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     5. Cash Flow Information 
   
  
     73  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     6. Additional Working
  Capital Information 
   
  
     73  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     7. Equity Company
  Information 
   
  
     74  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     8. Investments, Advances
  and Long-Term Receivables 
   
  
     75  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     9. Property, Plant and
  Equipment and Asset Retirement Obligations 
   
  
     76  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   10. Accounting for Suspended
  Exploratory Well Costs 
   
  
     77  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   11. Leased Facilities 
   
  
     79  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   12. Earnings Per Share 
   
  
     79  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   13. Financial Instruments and
  Derivatives 
   
  
     80  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   14. Long-Term Debt 
   
  
     81  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   15. Incentive Program 
   
  
     82  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   16. Litigation and Other Contingencies 
   
  
     83  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   17. Pension and Other Postretirement
  Benefits 
   
  
     85  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   18. Disclosures about Segments and
  Related Information 
   
  
     93  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   19. Income, Sales-Based and Other
  Taxes 
   
  
     96  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration
  and Production Activities 
   
  
     99  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Operating Summary 
   
  
     114 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


    









 


 34   


 
 

 


 BUSINESS PROFILE 

   


 
    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings After 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income Taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   Employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Employed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,079) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   64,086  
   
  
     
   
  
   62,403  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.3  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,822  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,401  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,180  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,351  
   
  
     
   
  
   105,868  
   
  
     
   
  
   102,562  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   21.8  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,585  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,326  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,101  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,548  
   
  
     
   
  
   169,954  
   
  
     
   
  
   164,965  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   16.7  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,407  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,727  
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,497  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,070  
   
  
     
   
  
   25.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   26.7  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,039  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,656  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,756  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,907  
   
  
     
   
  
   29.6  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.0  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,574  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,724  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,557  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,045  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,253  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,977  
   
  
     
   
  
   28.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.7  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,613  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,034  
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,804  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,696  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,121  
   
  
     
   
  
   31.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   45.8  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,945  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,690  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,054  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,076  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.4  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   898  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,418  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,315  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,750  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   18.6  
   
  
     
   
  
   19.4  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,843  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,741  
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,202) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   188  
   
  
     
   
  
   35  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   208,755  
   
  
     
   
  
   203,110  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   16.2  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,051  
   
  
     
   
  
   38,537  
   
  
 



   

 See Frequently Used Terms for a definition
and calculation of capital employed and return on average capital employed. 

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Operating 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Net liquids
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   476  
   
  
     
   
  
   454  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,709  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   1,869  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,657  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   2,723  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,667  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   2,345  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,111  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   4,432  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,476  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Petroleum
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   3,147  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,404  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,521  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   7,368  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,741  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   3,233  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,220  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   10,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,145  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   5,754  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of
  oil-equivalent barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent production  (1)  
   
  
   4,097  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,969  
   
  
     
   
  
   Chemical prime product sales 
  (2)(3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   9,664  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,528  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   15,049  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,707  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   24,713  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,235  
   
  
 



   

 (1)     
 Gas converted to
oil-equivalent at 6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels. 

 (2)     
 Petroleum product and
chemical prime product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts
with the same counterparty.   

 (3)     
 Prime product sales are
total product sales excluding carbon black oil and sulfur. Prime product sales
include ExxonMobil´s share of equity company volumes and
finished-product transfers to the Downstream. 

    









 


 35   


 
 

 


 FINANCIAL SUMMARY  

   

   


 
    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share
  amounts) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   259,488  
   
  
     
   
  
   394,105  
   
  
     
   
  
   420,836  
   
  
     
   
  
   451,509  
   
  
     
   
  
   467,029  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,101  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,548  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,841  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,895  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,439  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,557  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,045  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,449  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,190  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,459  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,418  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,315  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,828  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,898  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,383  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,538) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,221) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,880  
   
  
     
   
  
   41,060  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.70  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.43  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share – assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.70  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.42  
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends
  per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.88  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.70  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.46  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.18  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.85  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings to
  average ExxonMobil share of equity (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   18.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   19.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   28.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   27.3  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Working capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,723) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,416) 
   
  
     
   
  
   321  
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,542) 
   
  
 
   
   Ratio of
  current assets to current liabilities (times) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.79  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.82  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.83  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.01  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.94  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,475  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,256  
   
  
     
   
  
   37,741  
   
  
     
   
  
   35,179  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,638  
   
  
 
   
   Property, plant
  and equipment, less allowances 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,605  
   
  
     
   
  
   252,668  
   
  
     
   
  
   243,650  
   
  
     
   
  
   226,949  
   
  
     
   
  
   214,664  
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758  
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493  
   
  
     
   
  
   346,808  
   
  
     
   
  
   333,795  
   
  
     
   
  
   331,052  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exploration
  expenses, including dry holes 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,523  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,669  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,976  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,840  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,081  
   
  
 
   
   Research and
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008  
   
  
     
   
  
   971  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,042  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,891  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,928  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,322  
   
  
 
   
   Total debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,687  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,121  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,699  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,581  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,033  
   
  
 
   
   Fixed-charge
  coverage ratio (times) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.6  
   
  
     
   
  
   46.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   55.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   62.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   53.4  
   
  
 
   
   Debt to capital
  (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   13.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.6  
   
  
 
   
   Net debt to
  capital (percent)  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   16.5  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.6  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil
  share of equity at year-end 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811  
   
  
     
   
  
   174,399  
   
  
     
   
  
   174,003  
   
  
     
   
  
   165,863  
   
  
     
   
  
   154,396  
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil
  share of equity per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.10  
   
  
     
   
  
   41.51  
   
  
     
   
  
   40.14  
   
  
     
   
  
   36.84  
   
  
     
   
  
   32.61  
   
  
 
   
   Weighted
  average number of common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   outstanding
  (millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,282  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,419  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,628  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,870  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  regular employees at year-end (thousands)  (3)  
   
  
     
   
  
   73.5  
   
  
     
   
  
   75.3  
   
  
     
   
  
   75.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   76.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   82.1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CORS employees
  not included above (thousands)  (4)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1  
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.8  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1  
   
  
     
   
  
   17.0  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Sales and other operating revenue
includes sales-based taxes of $22,678 million for 2015, $29,342 million for
2014, $30,589 million for 2013, $32,409 million for 2012 and $33,503 million
for 2011.  

 (2)   Debt net of cash, excluding
restricted cash.  

 (3)   Regular employees are defined as
active executive, management, professional, technical and wage employees who
work full time or part time for the Corporation and are covered by the
Corporation’s benefit plans and programs.  

 (4)   CORS employees are employees of
company-operated retail sites.  



 
  




 


 36   


 
 

 


 FREQUENTLY USED TERMS  

   


 
 Listed below are definitions of several of
ExxonMobil’s key business and financial performance measures. These definitions
are provided to facilitate understanding of the terms and their calculation.  

 Cash Flow From Operations and Asset Sales  

 Cash
flow from operations and asset sales is the sum of the net cash provided by
operating activities and proceeds associated with sales of subsidiaries,
property, plant and equipment, and sales and returns of investments from the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. This cash flow reflects the total sources
of cash from both operating the Corporation’s assets and from the divesting of
assets. The Corporation employs a long-standing and regular disciplined review
process to ensure that all assets are contributing to the Corporation’s
strategic objectives. Assets are divested when they are no longer meeting these
objectives or are worth considerably more to others. Because of the regular
nature of this activity, we believe it is useful for investors to consider
proceeds associated with asset sales together with cash provided by operating
activities when evaluating cash available for investment in the business and
financing activities, including shareholder distributions.  

   

 
  
   
   Cash flow
  from operations and asset sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,344  
   
  
     
   
  
   45,116  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,914  
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds
  associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant and equipment,  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   and sales and
  returns of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,389  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,035  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash flow from
  operations and asset sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,733  
   
  
     
   
  
   49,151  
   
  
     
   
  
   47,621  
   
  
 



   

 Capital Employed  

 Capital
employed is a measure of net investment. When viewed from the perspective of
how the capital is used by the businesses, it includes ExxonMobil’s net share
of property, plant and equipment and other assets less liabilities, excluding
both short-term and long-term debt. When viewed from the perspective of the
sources of capital employed in total for the Corporation, it includes
ExxonMobil’s share of total debt and equity. Both of these views include
ExxonMobil’s share of amounts applicable to equity companies, which the
Corporation believes should be included to provide a more comprehensive measure
of capital employed.  

   

 
  
   
   Capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Business uses:
  asset and liability perspective 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758  
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493  
   
  
     
   
  
   346,808  
   
  
 
   
   Less
  liabilities and noncontrolling interests share of assets and liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total current
  liabilities excluding notes and loans payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55,916) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total long-term
  liabilities excluding long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86,047) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92,143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87,698) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling
  interests share of assets and liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,099) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,935) 
   
  
 
   
   Add ExxonMobil
  share of debt-financed equity company net assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,447  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,109  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   211,658  
   
  
     
   
  
   205,852  
   
  
     
   
  
   200,368  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total corporate
  sources: debt and equity perspective 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,762  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,468  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,808  
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,891  
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil
  share of equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811  
   
  
     
   
  
   174,399  
   
  
     
   
  
   174,003  
   
  
 
   
   Less
  noncontrolling interests share of total debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,287) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,434) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,443) 
   
  
 
   
   Add ExxonMobil
  share of equity company debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,447  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,109  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   211,658  
   
  
     
   
  
   205,852  
   
  
     
   
  
   200,368  
   
  
 




 


 37   


 
 

 


 FREQUENTLY USED TERMS  

   


 
 Return on
Average Capital Employed  

 Return
on average capital employed (ROCE) is a performance measure ratio. From the
perspective of the business segments, ROCE is annual business segment earnings
divided by average business segment capital employed (average of beginning and
end-of-year amounts). These segment earnings include ExxonMobil’s share of
segment earnings of equity companies, consistent with our capital employed
definition, and exclude the cost of financing. The Corporation’s total ROCE is
net income attributable to ExxonMobil excluding the after-tax cost of
financing, divided by total corporate average capital employed. The Corporation
has consistently applied its ROCE definition for many years and views it as the
best measure of historical capital productivity in our capital-intensive,
long-term industry, both to evaluate management’s performance and to
demonstrate to shareholders that capital has been used wisely over the long
term. Additional measures, which are more cash flow based, are used to make
investment decisions.  

   

 
  
   
   Return on
  average capital employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
 
   
   Financing costs
  (after tax) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross
  third-party debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (362) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (163) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  share of equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   All other
  financing costs – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   88  
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   83  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total financing
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (444) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (464) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (319) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings
  excluding financing costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,594  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,984  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,899  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   208,755  
   
  
     
   
  
   203,110  
   
  
     
   
  
   191,575  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on
  average capital employed – corporate total 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9% 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.2% 
   
  
 











 


 38   


 
 

 


 QUARTERLY INFORMATION  

   

   


 
    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
   Second 
   
  
   Third 
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
   Second 
   
  
   Third 
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Year 
   
  
 
   
   Volumes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Production of
  crude oil, 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   natural gas
  liquids, 
   
  
   2,277  
   
  
   2,291  
   
  
   2,331  
   
  
   2,481  
   
  
   2,345  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,148  
   
  
   2,048  
   
  
   2,065  
   
  
   2,182  
   
  
   2,111  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   synthetic oil
  and bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
   4,546  
   
  
   4,330  
   
  
   4,457  
   
  
   4,395  
   
  
   4,432  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,509  
   
  
   4,454  
   
  
   4,591  
   
  
   4,349  
   
  
   4,476  
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum
  product sales  (1)  
   
  
   5,814  
   
  
   5,737  
   
  
   5,788  
   
  
   5,679  
   
  
   5,754  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,817  
   
  
   5,841  
   
  
   5,999  
   
  
   5,845  
   
  
   5,875  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production 
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   available for
  sale 
   
  
   11,828  
   
  
   10,128  
   
  
   9,524  
   
  
   10,603  
   
  
   10,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,016  
   
  
   10,750  
   
  
   10,595  
   
  
   11,234  
   
  
   11,145  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent barrels
  daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production  (2)  
   
  
   4,248  
   
  
   3,979  
   
  
   3,918  
   
  
   4,248  
   
  
   4,097  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,151  
   
  
   3,840  
   
  
   3,831  
   
  
   4,054  
   
  
   3,969  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical prime
  product sales  (1) (3) 
   
  
   6,069  
   
  
   6,078  
   
  
   6,082  
   
  
   6,484  
   
  
   24,713  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,128  
   
  
   6,139  
   
  
   6,249  
   
  
   5,719  
   
  
   24,235  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Summarized
  financial data 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating 
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   revenue  (4)  
   
  
   64,758  
   
  
   71,360  
   
  
   65,679  
   
  
   57,691  
   
  
   259,488  
   
  
     
   
  
   101,312  
   
  
   105,719  
   
  
   103,206  
   
  
   83,868  
   
  
   394,105  
   
  
 
   
   Gross profit  (5)  
   
  
   19,030  
   
  
   20,362  
   
  
   20,247  
   
  
   16,211  
   
  
   75,850  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,166  
   
  
   28,746  
   
  
   28,825  
   
  
   23,240  
   
  
   109,977  
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
   4,940  
   
  
   4,190  
   
  
   4,240  
   
  
   2,780  
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,100  
   
  
   8,780  
   
  
   8,070  
   
  
   6,570  
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Per share
  data 
   
  
   (dollars per share) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share  (6)  
   
  
   1.17  
   
  
   1.00  
   
  
   1.01  
   
  
   0.67  
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.10  
   
  
   2.05  
   
  
   1.89  
   
  
   1.56  
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   – assuming
  dilution  (6)  
   
  
   1.17  
   
  
   1.00  
   
  
   1.01  
   
  
   0.67  
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.10  
   
  
   2.05  
   
  
   1.89  
   
  
   1.56  
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
 
   
   Dividends per
  common share 
   
  
   0.69  
   
  
   0.73  
   
  
   0.73  
   
  
   0.73  
   
  
   2.88  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.63  
   
  
   0.69  
   
  
   0.69  
   
  
   0.69  
   
  
   2.70  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   High 
   
  
   93.45  
   
  
   90.09  
   
  
   83.53  
   
  
   87.44  
   
  
   93.45  
   
  
     
   
  
   101.22  
   
  
   104.61  
   
  
   104.76  
   
  
   97.20  
   
  
   104.76  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Low 
   
  
   82.68  
   
  
   82.80  
   
  
   66.55  
   
  
   73.03  
   
  
   66.55  
   
  
     
   
  
   89.25  
   
  
   96.24  
   
  
   93.62  
   
  
   86.19  
   
  
   86.19  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Petroleum product and chemical prime
product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts with the same
counterparty. 

 (2)   Gas converted to oil-equivalent at
6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels.  

 (3)   Prime product sales are total product
sales excluding carbon black oil and sulfur. Prime product sales include
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company volumes and finished-product transfers to
the Downstream. 

 (4)   Includes amounts for sales-based
taxes.  

 (5)   Gross profit equals sales and other
operating revenue less estimated costs associated with products sold.  

 (6)   Computed using the average number of
shares outstanding during each period. The sum of the four quarters may not add
to the full year.  

   

 The
price range of ExxonMobil common stock is as reported on the composite tape of
the several U.S. exchanges where ExxonMobil common stock is traded. The
principal market where ExxonMobil common stock (XOM) is traded is the New York
Stock Exchange, although the stock is traded on other exchanges in and
outside the United States.  

 There
were 419,510 registered shareholders of ExxonMobil common stock at
December 31, 2015. At January 31, 2016, the registered shareholders
of ExxonMobil common stock numbered 418,587.  

 On
January 27, 2016, the Corporation declared a $0.73 dividend per common
share, payable March 10, 2016. 

    



 
  




 


 39   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
    

 
  
   
   FUNCTIONAL
  EARNINGS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings
  (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,079) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,191  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,180  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,351  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,650  
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,656  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250  
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,804  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073  
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,538) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share – assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37  
   
  
 



   

 References in this discussion to total
corporate earnings mean net income attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) from
the consolidated income statement. Unless otherwise indicated, references to
earnings, Upstream, Downstream, Chemical and Corporate and Financing segment
earnings, and earnings per share are ExxonMobil’s share after excluding amounts
attributable to noncontrolling interests. 

 
 
 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

 Statements
in this discussion regarding expectations, plans and future events or
conditions are forward-looking statements. Actual future financial and
operating results, including demand growth and energy source mix; capacity
increases; production growth and mix; rates of field decline; financing
sources; the resolution of contingencies and uncertain tax
positions; environmental and capital expenditures; could differ materially
depending on a number of factors, such as changes in the supply of and demand
for crude oil, natural gas, and petroleum and petrochemical products and
resulting price impacts; the outcome of commercial negotiations; the impact of fiscal
and commercial terms; political or regulatory events, and other factors
discussed herein and in Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

 The
term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different
activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government
payment transparency reports. 

   

 OVERVIEW  

 The
following discussion and analysis of ExxonMobil’s financial results, as well as
the accompanying financial statements and related notes to consolidated
financial statements to which they refer, are the responsibility of the
management of Exxon Mobil Corporation. The Corporation’s accounting and
financial reporting fairly reflect its straightforward business model involving
the extracting, manufacturing and marketing of hydrocarbons and
hydrocarbon-based products. The Corporation’s business model involves the
production (or purchase), manufacture and sale of physical products, and all
commercial activities are directly in support of the underlying physical
movement of goods.  

 ExxonMobil,
with its resource base, financial strength, disciplined investment approach and
technology portfolio, is well-positioned to participate in substantial
investments to develop new energy supplies. The company’s integrated business
model, with significant investments in Upstream, Downstream and Chemical
segments, reduces the Corporation’s risk from changes in commodity prices. While
commodity prices are volatile on a short-term basis and depend on supply and
demand, ExxonMobil’s investment decisions are based on our long-term business
outlook, using a disciplined approach in selecting and pursuing the most
attractive investment opportunities. The corporate plan is a fundamental annual
management process that is the basis for setting near-term operating and
capital objectives in addition to providing the longer-term economic
assumptions used for investment evaluation purposes. Volumes are based on
individual field production profiles, which are also updated annually. Price
ranges for crude oil, natural gas, refined products, and chemical products are
based on corporate plan assumptions developed annually by major region and are
utilized for investment evaluation purposes. Potential investment opportunities
are evaluated over a wide range of economic scenarios to establish the
resiliency of each opportunity. Once investments are made, a reappraisal
process is completed to ensure relevant lessons are learned and improvements
are incorporated into future projects.  


 


 40   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 BUSINESS
ENVIRONMENT AND RISK ASSESSMENT  

 Long-Term Business Outlook  

 By
2040, the world’s population is projected to grow to approximately 9 billion
people, or about 1.8 billion more than in 2014. Coincident with this
population increase, the Corporation expects worldwide economic growth to
average close to 3 percent per year. As economies and populations grow,
and as living standards improve for billions of people, the need for energy
will continue to rise. Even with significant efficiency gains, global energy
demand is projected to rise by about 25 percent from 2014 to 2040. This
demand increase is expected to be concentrated in developing countries (i.e.,
those that are not member nations of the Organisation for Economic Co‑operation
and Development).   

 As
expanding prosperity drives global energy demand higher, increasing use of
energy‑efficient and lower‑emission fuels, technologies and
practices will continue to help significantly reduce energy consumption and
emissions per unit of economic output over time. Substantial efficiency gains
are likely in all key aspects of the world’s economy through 2040, affecting
energy requirements for transportation, power generation, industrial
applications, and residential and commercial needs. 

 Energy
for transportation – including cars, trucks, ships, trains and airplanes – is
expected to increase by about 30 percent from 2014 to 2040. The growth in
transportation energy demand is likely to account for approximately 60 percent
of the growth in liquid fuels demand worldwide over this period. Nearly all the
world’s transportation fleets will continue to run on liquid fuels, which are
abundant, widely available, easy to transport, and provide a large quantity of
energy in small volumes. 

 Demand
for electricity around the world is likely to increase approximately
65 percent from 2014 to 2040, led by growth in developing countries.
Consistent with this projection, power generation is expected to remain the
largest and fastest‑growing major segment of global energy demand.
Meeting the expected growth in power demand will require a diverse set of
energy sources. Today, coal‑fired generation provides about 40 percent
of the world’s electricity, but by 2040 its share is likely to decline to about
30 percent, in part as a result of policies to improve air quality and
reduce greenhouse gas emissions and the risks of climate change. From 2014 to
2040, the amount of electricity generated using natural gas, nuclear power, and
renewables are all likely to double. By 2040, coal, natural gas and renewables
are projected to be generating approximately the same share of electricity
worldwide, although significant differences will exist across regions
reflecting a wide range of factors including the cost and availability of
energy types. 

 Liquid
fuels provide the largest share of global energy supplies today due to their
broad-based availability, affordability and ease of transportation,
distribution and storage to meet consumer needs. By 2040, global demand for
liquid fuels is projected to grow to approximately 112 million barrels of
oil‑equivalent per day, an increase of about 20 percent from 2014.
Globally, crude production from traditional conventional sources will likely
decrease slightly through 2040, with significant development activity mostly
offsetting natural declines from these fields. However, this decrease is
expected to be more than offset by rising production from a variety of emerging
supply sources – including tight oil, deepwater, oil sands, natural gas liquids
and biofuels. The world’s resource base is sufficient to meet projected demand
through 2040 as technology advances continue to expand the availability of
economic supply options. However, access to resources and timely investments
will remain critical to meeting global needs with reliable, affordable supplies. 

 Natural
gas is a versatile fuel, suitable for a wide variety of applications, and it is
expected to be the fastest-growing major fuel source from 2014 to 2040, meeting
about 40 percent of global energy demand growth. Global natural gas demand
is expected to rise about 50 percent from 2014 to 2040, with about
45 percent of that increase in the Asia Pacific region. Helping meet these
needs will be significant growth in supplies of unconventional gas ‑ the
natural gas found in shale and other rock formations that was once considered
uneconomic to produce. In total, about 60 percent of the growth in natural
gas supplies is expected to be from unconventional sources. However, we expect
conventionally-produced natural gas to remain the cornerstone of supply,
meeting about two‑thirds of global demand in 2040. The worldwide
liquefied natural gas (LNG) market is expected to almost triple by 2040, with
much of this supply expected to meet rising demand in Asia Pacific. 

 The
world’s energy mix is highly diverse and will remain so through 2040. Oil is
expected to remain the largest source of energy with its share remaining close
to one‑third in 2040. Coal is currently the second largest source of
energy, but it is likely to lose that position to natural gas in the 2025‑2030
timeframe. The share of natural gas is expected to exceed 25 percent by
2040, while the share of coal falls to about 20 percent. Nuclear power is
projected to grow significantly, as many nations are likely to expand nuclear
capacity to address rising electricity needs as well as energy security and
environmental issues. Total renewable energy is likely to reach about
15 percent of total energy by 2040, with biomass, hydro and geothermal
contributing a combined share of more than 10 percent. Total energy supplied
from wind, solar and biofuels is expected to increase rapidly, growing close to
250 percent from 2014 to 2040, when they will be approaching
4 percent of world energy. 

 The
Corporation anticipates that the world’s available oil and gas resource base
will grow not only from new discoveries, but also from reserve increases in
previously discovered fields. Technology will underpin these increases. The
cost to develop and supply these resources will be significant. According to
the International Energy Agency, the investment required to meet oil and
natural  
 


 41   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 gas supply requirements worldwide over the
period 2015‑2040 will be about $25 trillion (measured in 2014
dollars) or approximately $1 trillion per year on average. 

 International
accords and underlying regional and national regulations covering greenhouse
gas emissions continue to evolve with uncertain timing and outcome, making it
difficult to predict their business impact. For many years, the Corporation has
taken into account policies established to reduce energy‑related
greenhouse gas emissions in its long-term  Outlook for Energy , which is
used as a foundation for assessing the business environment and business
strategies and investments. The climate accord reached at the recent Conference
of the Parties (COP 21) in Paris set many new goals, and while many
related policies are still emerging, the  Outlook for Energy  continues to
anticipate that such policies will increase the cost of carbon dioxide emissions
over time. For purposes of the  Outlook for Energy , we continue to assume
that governments will enact policies that impose rising costs on energy‑related
CO 2  emissions, which we assume will reach an implied cost in OECD nations
of about $80 per tonne in 2040. China and other leading non‑OECD
nations are expected to trail OECD policy initiatives. Nevertheless, as people and
nations look for ways to reduce risks of global climate change, they will
continue to need practical solutions that do not jeopardize the affordability
or reliability of the energy they need. Thus, all practical and economically
viable energy sources, both conventional and unconventional, will be needed to
continue meeting global energy needs – because of the scale of worldwide energy
demand.  

 The
information provided in the Long‑Term Business Outlook includes
ExxonMobil’s internal estimates and forecasts based upon internal data and
analyses as well as publicly available information from external sources
including the International Energy Agency. 

   

 Upstream  

 ExxonMobil
continues to maintain a diverse portfolio of exploration and development
opportunities, which enables the Corporation to be selective, maximizing
shareholder value and mitigating political and technical risks. ExxonMobil’s
fundamental Upstream business strategies guide our global exploration,
development, production, and gas and power marketing activities. These
strategies include capturing material and accretive opportunities to
continually high-grade the resource portfolio, exercising a disciplined
approach to investing and cost management, developing and applying high-impact
technologies, pursuing productivity and efficiency gains, growing profitable
oil and gas production, and capitalizing on growing natural gas and power
markets. These strategies are underpinned by a relentless focus on operational
excellence, commitment to innovative technologies, development of our
employees, and investment in the communities within which we operate.  

 As
future development projects and drilling activities bring new production
online, the Corporation expects a shift in the geographic mix and in the type
of opportunities from which volumes are produced. Oil equivalent production
from North America is expected to increase over the next several years based on
current capital activity plans, contributing over a third of total production. Further,
the proportion of our global production from resource types utilizing
specialized technologies such as arctic, deepwater, and unconventional drilling
and production systems, as well as LNG, is also expected to grow, becoming a
slight majority of production in the next few years. We do not anticipate that
the expected change in the geographic mix of production volumes, and in the
types of opportunities from which volumes will be produced, will have a
material impact on the nature and the extent of the risks disclosed in Item 1A.
Risk Factors, or result in a material change in our level of unit operating
expenses.  

 The
Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few
years providing additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will
vary from year to year due to the timing of individual project start-ups;
operational outages; reservoir performance; performance of enhanced oil recovery
projects; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial terms; asset
sales; weather events; price effects on production sharing contracts; changes
in the amount and timing of capital investments that may vary depending on the
oil and gas price environment; and other factors described in Item 1A. Risk
Factors. 

 The
upstream industry environment has been challenged throughout 2015 with abundant
crude oil supply causing crude oil prices to decrease to levels not seen since
2004, while natural gas prices remained depressed. However, current market conditions
are not necessarily indicative of future conditions. The markets for crude
oil and natural gas have a history of significant price
volatility. ExxonMobil believes prices over the long term will continue to
be driven by market supply and demand, with the demand side largely being a
function of global economic growth. On the supply side, prices may be
significantly impacted by political events, the actions of OPEC and other large
government resource owners, and other factors. To manage the risks associated
with price, ExxonMobil evaluates annual plans and all investments across a wide
range of price scenarios. The Corporation’s assessment is that its operations
will exhibit strong performance over the long term. This is the outcome of
disciplined investment, cost management, asset enhancement programs, and
application of advanced technologies.  

   

 Downstream  

 ExxonMobil’s
Downstream is a large, diversified business with refining, logistics, and
marketing complexes around the world. The Corporation has a presence in mature
markets in North America and Europe, as well as in the growing Asia Pacific
region. 


 


 42   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 ExxonMobil’s fundamental Downstream
business strategies competitively position the company across a range of market
conditions. These strategies include targeting best‑in‑class
operations in all aspects of the business, maximizing value from advanced
technologies, capitalizing on integration across ExxonMobil businesses,
selectively investing for resilient, advantaged returns, operating efficiently
and effectively, and providing quality, valued and differentiated products and
services to customers.  

 ExxonMobil’s
operating results, as noted in Item 2. Properties, reflect 23 refineries,
located in 14 countries, with distillation capacity of 5 million
barrels per day and lubricant basestock manufacturing capacity of 136 thousand
barrels per day. ExxonMobil’s fuels and lubes marketing businesses have
significant global reach, with multiple channels to market serving a diverse
customer base. Our portfolio of world-renowned brands includes  Exxon ,  Mobil ,
 Esso   and  Mobil 1 .   

 The
downstream industry environment improved in 2015. Growth in global demand,
stimulated by lower prices for crude oil and transportation fuels, resulted in
higher refinery utilization and margins, particularly in Europe and Asia
Pacific. Refineries in North America continue to benefit from lower raw
material and energy costs due to the abundant supply of crude oil and natural gas.
In the near term, we see variability in refining margins, with some regions
seeing weaker margins as new capacity additions are expected to outpace growth
in global demand for our products, which can also be affected by global
economic conditions and regulatory changes. 

 Refining
margins are largely driven by differences in commodity prices and are a function
of the difference between what a refinery pays for its raw materials (primarily
crude oil) and the market prices for the range of products produced (primarily
gasoline, heating oil, diesel oil, jet fuel and fuel oil). Crude oil and many
products are widely traded with published prices, including those quoted on
multiple exchanges around the world (e.g., New York Mercantile Exchange and
Intercontinental Exchange). Prices for these commodities are determined by the
global marketplace and are influenced by many factors, including global and
regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels, industry refinery
operations, import/export balances, currency fluctuations, seasonal demand,
weather and political climate.  

 ExxonMobil’s
long‑term outlook is that industry refining margins will remain subject
to intense competition as new capacity additions outpace the growth in global
demand. ExxonMobil’s integration across the value chain, from refining to
marketing, enhances overall value in both fuels and lubricants businesses. 

 As
described in more detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors, proposed carbon policy and
other climate‑related regulations in many countries, as well as the
continued growth in biofuels mandates, could have negative impacts on the
Downstream business  

 In
the retail fuels marketing business, competition has caused inflation‑adjusted
margins to decline. In 2015, ExxonMobil expanded its branded retail site
network and progressed the multi‑year transition of the direct served
(i.e., dealer, company‑operated) retail network in portions of Europe to
a more capital‑efficient Branded Wholesaler model. The company’s
lubricants business continues to grow, leveraging world‑class brands and
integration with industry‑leading basestock refining capability.
ExxonMobil remains a market leader in the high‑value synthetic lubricants
sector, despite increasing competition.  

 The
Downstream portfolio is continually evaluated during all parts of the business
cycle, and numerous asset divestments have been made over the past decade. In
2015, the company divested its 50 percent share of Chalmette Refining, LLC, and
reached an agreement for the sale of the refinery in Torrance, California, with
change-in-control expected by mid-2016. When investing in the Downstream,
ExxonMobil remains focused on selective and resilient projects. In 2015,
construction continued on a new delayed coker unit at the refinery in Antwerp,
Belgium, to upgrade low‑value bunker fuel into higher value diesel
products. Funding was approved for the construction of a proprietary
hydrocracker at the refinery in Rotterdam, Netherlands, to produce higher value
ultra‑low sulfur diesel and Group II basestocks. The company completed an
expansion of lubricant basestock capacity at the refinery in Baytown, Texas.
Finished lubricant plant expansions in China and Finland were completed, and an
expansion in Singapore is underway to support demand growth for finished
lubricants and greases in key markets. 

   

 Chemical  

 Worldwide
petrochemical demand continued to improve in 2015, led by growing demand from
Asia Pacific manufacturers of industrial and consumer products. North America
continued to benefit from abundant supplies of natural gas and gas liquids,
providing both low‑cost feedstock and energy. Specialty product margins
improved in 2015, but continued to be impacted by new industry capacity.  

 ExxonMobil
sustained its competitive advantage through continued operational excellence,
investment and cost discipline, a balanced portfolio of products, integration
with refining and upstream operations, all underpinned by proprietary
technology. 

 In
2015, we neared completion of the specialty elastomers project at our joint
venture facility in Al-Jubail, Saudi Arabia. Construction continued on a major
expansion at our Texas facilities, including a new world-scale ethane cracker
and polyethylene lines, to capitalize on low-cost feedstock and energy supplies
in North America and to meet rapidly growing demand for premium polymers.
Construction of new halobutyl rubber and hydrocarbon resin units also
progressed in Singapore to further extend our specialty product capacity in
Asia Pacific. 


 


 43   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   REVIEW OF 2015 AND 2014 RESULTS  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
 



 
 
   

 
  
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,079) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,191  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,180  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,351  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,650  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,101  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,548  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,841  
   
  
 



   

 2015  

 Upstream earnings were $7,101 million,
down $20,447 million from 2014. Lower realizations decreased earnings by
$18.8 billion. Favorable volume and mix effects increased earnings by
$810 million, including contributions from new developments. All other
items decreased earnings by $2.4 billion, primarily due to lower asset
management gains and approximately $500 million of lower favorable one‑time
tax effects, partly offset by lower expenses of about $230 million.    On an oil‑equivalent basis,
production of 4.1 million barrels per day was up 3.2 percent compared
to 2014. Liquids production of 2.3 million barrels per day increased
234,000 barrels per day, with project ramp‑up and entitlement
effects partly offset by field decline. Natural gas production of
10.5 billion cubic feet per day decreased 630 million cubic feet per
day from 2014 as regulatory restrictions in the Netherlands and field decline
were partly offset by project ramp‑up, work programs and entitlement
effects.    U.S. Upstream
earnings declined $6,276 million from 2014 to a loss of $1,079 million
in 2015. Earnings outside the U.S. were $8,180 million, down $14,171 million
from the prior year. 

   

 2014  

 Upstream earnings were
$27,548 million, up $707 million from 2013. Lower prices decreased
earnings by $2 billion. Favorable volume effects increased earnings by
$510 million. All other items, primarily asset sales and favorable U.S.
deferred income tax items, increased earnings by $2.2 billion. On an oil‑equivalent
basis, production of 4 million barrels per day was down 4.9 percent
compared to 2013. Excluding the impact of the expiry of the Abu Dhabi onshore
concession, production decreased 1.7 percent. Liquids production of
2.1 million barrels per day decreased 91,000 barrels per day compared
to 2013. The Abu Dhabi onshore concession expiry reduced volumes by
135,000 barrels per day. Excluding this impact, liquids production was up
2 percent, driven by project ramp‑up and work programs. Natural gas
production of 11.1 billion cubic feet per day decreased 691 million
cubic feet per day from 2013, as expected U.S. field decline and lower European
demand were partially offset by project ramp‑up and work programs.
Earnings from U.S. Upstream operations were $5,197 million, up
$1,006 million from 2013. Earnings outside the U.S. were
$22,351 million, down $299 million from the prior year.  

    


 


 44   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   Upstream Additional Information 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Volumes
  Reconciliation  (Oil-equivalent
  production) (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,969  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,175  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Entitlements -
  Net Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Entitlements -
  Price / Spend / Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   168  
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Quotas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Divestments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United Arab
  Emirates Onshore Concession Expiry 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Growth / Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
 
   
   Current Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,097  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,969  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) Gas
  converted to oil-equivalent at 6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels. 
   
  
 



   

 Listed below are
descriptions of ExxonMobil’s volumes reconciliation factors which are provided
to facilitate understanding of the terms. 

   

 Entitlements - Net Interest  are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of
production volumes caused by non-operational changes to volume-determining
factors. These factors consist of net interest changes specified in Production
Sharing Contracts (PSCs) which typically occur when cumulative investment
returns or production volumes achieve defined thresholds, changes in equity
upon achieving pay-out in partner investment carry situations, equity
redeterminations as specified in venture agreements, or as a result of the
termination or expiry of a concession. Once a net interest change has occurred,
it typically will not be reversed by subsequent events, such as lower crude oil
prices. 

   

 Entitlements - Price, Spend and Other  are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of
production volumes resulting from temporary changes to non-operational
volume-determining factors. These factors include changes in oil and gas prices
or spending levels from one period to another. According to the terms of
contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, price or spending
variability can increase or decrease royalty burdens and/or volumes
attributable to ExxonMobil. For example, at higher prices, fewer barrels are
required for ExxonMobil to recover its costs. These effects generally vary from
period to period with field spending patterns or market prices for oil and
natural gas. Such factors can also include other temporary changes in net
interest as dictated by specific provisions in production agreements. 

   

 Quotas  are changes in ExxonMobil’s allowable production arising
from production constraints imposed by countries which are members of the
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). Volumes reported in
this category would have been readily producible in the absence of the quota. 

   

 Divestments  are reductions in ExxonMobil’s production
arising from commercial arrangements to fully or partially reduce equity in a
field or asset in exchange for financial or other economic consideration.  

   

 Growth and Other  factors comprise all other operational
and non-operational factors not covered by the above definitions that may
affect volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. Such factors include, but are not
limited to, production enhancements from project and work program activities,
acquisitions including additions from asset exchanges, downtime, market demand,
natural field decline, and any fiscal or commercial terms that do not affect
entitlements. 


 


 45   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,656  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,557  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,045  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,449  
   
  
 



   

 2015  

 Downstream earnings of $6,557 million
increased $3,512 million from 2014. Stronger margins increased earnings by
$4.1 billion, while volume and mix effects decreased earnings by
$200 million. All other items decreased earnings by $420 million,
reflecting nearly $560 million in higher maintenance expense and about
$280 million in unfavorable inventory impacts, partly offset by favorable
foreign exchange effects. Petroleum product sales of 5.8 million barrels
per day were 121,000 barrels per day lower than 2014.    U.S. Downstream earnings were $1,901 million,
an increase of $283 million from 2014. Non‑U.S. Downstream earnings
were $4,656 million, up $3,229 million from the prior year. 

   

 2014  

 Downstream earnings of $3,045 million
decreased $404 million from 2013. Lower margins decreased earnings by
$230 million. Volume and mix effects increased earnings by $480 million.
All other items, primarily unfavorable foreign exchange and tax impacts,
partially offset by lower expenses, decreased earnings by $650 million.
Petroleum product sales of 5.9 million barrels per day were in line with
2013. U.S. Downstream earnings were $1,618 million, a decrease of
$581 million from 2013. Non‑U.S. Downstream earnings were $1,427
million, up $177 million from the prior year. 

    

   

 
  
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,804  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,418  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,315  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,828  
   
  
 



   

 2015  

 Chemical earnings of $4,418 million
increased $103 million from 2014. Stronger margins increased earnings by
$590 million. Favorable volume and mix effects increased earnings by
$220 million. All other items decreased earnings by $710 million,
reflecting about $680 million in unfavorable foreign exchange effects and
$220 million in negative tax and inventory impacts, partly offset by asset
management gains. Prime product sales of 24.7 million metric tons were up
478,000 metric tons from 2014.    U.S. Chemical earnings were $2,386 million, down $418 million
from 2014. Non‑U.S. Chemical earnings were $2,032 million, $521 million
higher than the prior year. 

   

 2014  

 Chemical earnings of $4,315 million
increased $487 million from 2013. Higher commodity‑driven margins
increased earnings by $520 million, while volume and mix effects increased
earnings by $100 million. All other items, primarily higher planned
expenses, decreased earnings by $130 million. Prime product sales of
24.2 million metric tons were up 172,000 metric tons from 2013,
driven by increased Singapore production. U.S. Chemical earnings were
$2,804 million, up $49 million from 2013. Non‑U.S. Chemical
earnings were $1,511 million, $438 million higher than the prior year. 

    


 


 46   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   Corporate and Financing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,538) 
   
  
 



   

 2015  

 Corporate and financing expenses were $1,926 million
in 2015 compared to $2,388 million in 2014, with the decrease due mainly
to net favorable tax‑related items. 

   

 2014  

 Corporate and financing expenses were
$2,388 million in 2014, up $850 million from 2013 due primarily to
tax‑related items.  

    


 


 47   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sources and
  Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by/(used in) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,344  
   
  
     
   
  
   45,116  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,914  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,824) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,975) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34,201) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,037) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,888) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,476) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (394) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase/(decrease)
  in cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
   (911) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,938) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (December 31) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,616  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,644  
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents - restricted 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42  
   
  
     
   
  
   269  
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and
  cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,658  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,913  
   
  
 



   

 Total
cash and cash equivalents were $3.7 billion at the end of 2015, $1.0 billion
lower than the prior year. The major sources of funds in 2015 were net income
including noncontrolling interests of $16.6 billion, the adjustment for the
noncash provision of $18.0 billion for depreciation and depletion, and a net
debt increase of $9.3 billion. The major uses of funds included spending for
additions to property, plant and equipment of $26.5 billion, the purchase of
shares of ExxonMobil stock of $4.0 billion, dividends to shareholders of $12.1
billion and a change in working capital, excluding cash and debt, of $3.1
billion.  

 Total
cash and cash equivalents were $4.7 billion at the end of 2014, $0.3 billion
lower than the prior year. The major sources of funds in 2014 were net income
including noncontrolling interests of $33.6 billion, the adjustment for the
noncash provision of $17.3 billion for depreciation and depletion, a net debt
increase of $7.0 billion and collection of advances of $3.3 billion. The major
uses of funds included spending for additions to property, plant and equipment
of $33.0 billion, the purchase of shares of ExxonMobil stock of $13.2 billion,
dividends to shareholders of $11.6 billion and a change in working capital,
excluding cash and debt, of $4.9 billion. Included in total cash and cash
equivalents at year-end 2014 was $42 million of restricted cash. For additional
details, see the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 

 The
Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term and short-term
liquidity. Internally generated funds are expected to cover the majority of
financial requirements, supplemented by long-term and short-term debt. On
December 31, 2015, the Corporation had unused committed short-term lines of
credit of $6.0 billion and unused committed long-term lines of credit of $0.4
billion. Cash that may be temporarily available as surplus to the Corporation’s
immediate needs is carefully managed through counterparty quality and
investment guidelines to ensure it is secure and readily available to meet the
Corporation’s cash requirements and to optimize returns.  

 To
support cash flows in future periods the Corporation will need to continually
find and develop new fields, and continue to develop and apply new technologies
and recovery processes to existing fields, in order to maintain or increase
production. After a period of production at plateau rates, it is the nature of
oil and gas fields eventually to produce at declining rates for the remainder
of their economic life. Averaged over all the Corporation’s existing oil and
gas fields and without new projects, ExxonMobil’s production is expected to
decline at an average of approximately 3 percent per year over the next few
years. Decline rates can vary widely by individual field due to a number of
factors, including, but not limited to, the type of reservoir, fluid
properties, recovery mechanisms, work activity, and age of the field.
Furthermore, the Corporation’s net interest in production for individual fields
can vary with price and the impact of fiscal and commercial terms.  

 The
Corporation has long been successful at offsetting the effects of natural field
decline through disciplined investments in quality opportunities and project
execution. On average over the last decade, this has resulted in net annual
additions to proved reserves that have exceeded the amount produced. The
Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years
providing additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary
from year to year due to the timing of individual project start-ups;
operational outages; reservoir performance; performance of enhanced oil
recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial
terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on production sharing
contracts; and changes in the amount and timing of investments that may vary
depending on the oil and gas price environment. The Corporation’s cash flows
are also highly dependent on crude oil and natural gas prices. Please refer to
Item 1A. Risk Factors for a more complete discussion of risks.  

 
  

   


 


 48   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 The Corporation’s financial strength
enables it to make large, long-term capital expenditures. Capital and
exploration expenditures in 2015 were $31.1 billion, reflecting the
Corporation’s continued active investment program. The Corporation anticipates
an investment level of $23.2 billion in 2016. The Corporation is emerging from
several years of high capital expenditure levels that supported major
long-plateau production projects coming on line. Lower levels of capital
spending over the next few years, partly due to cost savings and capital
efficiencies, are not expected to delay major project schedules nor have a
material effect on our volume capacity outlook. 

 Actual
spending could vary depending on the progress of individual projects and
property acquisitions. The Corporation has a large and diverse portfolio of
development projects and exploration opportunities, which helps mitigate the
overall political and technical risks of the Corporation’s Upstream segment and
associated cash flow. Further, due to its financial strength, debt capacity and
diverse portfolio of opportunities, the risk associated with failure or delay
of any single project would not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s
liquidity or ability to generate sufficient cash flows for operations and its
fixed commitments. 

   

 Cash Flow from
Operating Activities 

   

 2015  

 Cash provided by operating activities
totaled $30.3 billion in 2015, $14.8 billion lower than 2014. The major source
of funds was net income including noncontrolling interests of $16.6 billion, a
decrease of $17.1 billion. The noncash provision for depreciation and depletion
was $18.0 billion, up $0.8 billion from the prior year. The adjustment for net
gains on asset sales was $0.2 billion compared to an adjustment of $3.2 billion
in 2014. Changes in operational working capital, excluding cash and debt,
decreased cash in 2015 by $3.1 billion. 

   

 2014  

 Cash provided by operating activities
totaled $45.1 billion in 2014, $0.2 billion higher than 2013. The major source
of funds was net income including noncontrolling interests of $33.6 billion, an
increase of $0.2 billion. The noncash provision for depreciation and depletion
was $17.3 billion, up $0.1 billion from the prior year. The adjustment for net
gains on asset sales was $3.2 billion compared to an adjustment of $1.8 billion
in 2013. Changes in operational working capital, excluding cash and debt,
decreased cash in 2014 by $4.9 billion. 

 
 
 

 Cash Flow from
Investing Activities 

   

 2015 

 Cash used in investment activities netted to $23.8 billion
in 2015, $3.2 billion lower than 2014. Spending for property, plant and
equipment of $26.5 billion decreased $6.5 billion from 2014. Proceeds
associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant and equipment, and sales
and returns of investments of $2.4 billion compared to $4.0 billion in 2014.
Additional investments and advances were $1.0 billion lower in 2015, while
collection of advances was $2.5 billion lower in 2015. 

   

 2014  

 Cash used in investment activities netted to $27.0 billion
in 2014, $7.2 billion lower than 2013. Spending for property, plant and
equipment of $33.0 billion decreased $0.7 billion from 2013. Proceeds
associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant and equipment, and sales
and returns of investments of $4.0 billion compared to $2.7 billion in 2013.
Additional investments and advances were $2.8 billion lower in 2014, while
collection of advances was $2.2 billion higher in 2014. 


 


 49   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities  

   

 2015  

 Cash
used in financing activities was $7.0 billion in 2015, $10.9 billion lower than
2014. Dividend payments on common shares increased to $2.88 per share from
$2.70 per share and totaled $12.1 billion, a pay-out of 75 percent of net
income. During the first quarter of 2015, the Corporation issued $8.0 billion
of long-term debt. Total debt increased $9.6 billion to $38.7 billion at year‑end.
 

 ExxonMobil
share of equity decreased $3.6 billion to $170.8 billion. The addition to
equity for earnings was $16.2 billion. This was offset by reductions for
distributions to ExxonMobil shareholders of $15.1 billion, composed of $12.1
billion in dividends and $3.0 billion of share purchases of ExxonMobil stock to
reduce shares outstanding. Foreign exchange translation effects of $8.2 billion
for the stronger U.S. currency reduced equity, while a $3.6 billion change in
the funded status of the postretirement benefits reserves increased equity. 

 During 2015, Exxon Mobil Corporation
purchased 48 million shares of its common stock for the treasury at a gross
cost of $4.0 billion. These purchases were to reduce the number of shares
outstanding and to offset shares issued in conjunction with company benefit
plans and programs. Shares outstanding were reduced by 1.1 percent from 4,201
million to 4,156 million at the end of 2015. Purchases were made in both the
open market and through negotiated transactions. Purchases may be increased,
decreased or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

   

 2014  

 Cash
used in financing activities was $17.9 billion in 2014, $2.4 billion higher
than 2013. Dividend payments on common shares increased to $2.70 per share from
$2.46 per share and totaled $11.6 billion, a pay-out of 36 percent of net income.
During the first quarter of 2014, the Corporation issued $5.5 billion of
long-term debt. Total debt increased $6.4 billion to $29.1 billion at year‑end.
 

 ExxonMobil
share of equity increased $0.4 billion to $174.4 billion. The addition to
equity for earnings was $32.5 billion. This was offset by reductions for
distributions to ExxonMobil shareholders of $23.6 billion, composed of $11.6
billion in dividends and $12.0 billion of share purchases of ExxonMobil stock
to reduce shares outstanding. Foreign exchange translation effects of $5.1
billion for the stronger U.S. currency and a $3.1 billion change in the funded
status of the postretirement benefits reserves also reduced equity. 

 During 2014, Exxon Mobil Corporation
purchased 136 million shares of its common stock for the treasury at a gross
cost of $13.2 billion. These purchases were to reduce the number of shares
outstanding and to offset shares issued in conjunction with company benefit
plans and programs. Shares outstanding were reduced by 3.1 percent from 4,335
million to 4,201 million at the end of 2014. Purchases were made in both the
open market and through negotiated transactions.   

    


 


 50   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 Commitments
 

 Set
forth below is information about the outstanding commitments of the
Corporation’s consolidated subsidiaries at December 31, 2015. The table combines
data from the Consolidated Balance Sheet and from individual notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments Due by Period 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017- 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commitments 
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beyond 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt   (1)  
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,902  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,023  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
    – Due in one
  year   (2)  
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   558  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   558  
   
  
 
   
   Asset
  retirement obligations   (3)  
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   871  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,760  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,073  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,704  
   
  
 
   
   Pension and
  other postretirement obligations   (4)  
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,495  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,104  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,567  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,166  
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases   (5)  
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,653  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,167  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,877  
   
  
 
   
   Unconditional
  purchase obligations   (6)  
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   133  
   
  
     
   
  
   493  
   
  
     
   
  
   310  
   
  
     
   
  
   936  
   
  
 
   
   Take-or-pay
  obligations   (7)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,997  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,463  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,410  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,870  
   
  
 
   
   Firm capital
  commitments   (8)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,320  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,438  
   
  
     
   
  
   441  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,199  
   
  
 



   

 This
table excludes commodity purchase obligations (volumetric commitments but no
fixed or minimum price) which are resold shortly after purchase, either in an
active, highly liquid market or under long-term, unconditional sales contracts
with similar pricing terms. Examples include long-term, noncancelable LNG and
natural gas purchase commitments and commitments to purchase refinery products
at market prices. Inclusion of such commitments would not be meaningful in
assessing liquidity and cash flow, because these purchases will be offset in
the same periods by cash received from the related sales transactions. The
table also excludes unrecognized tax benefits totaling $9.4 billion as of
December 31, 2015, because the Corporation is unable to make reasonably
reliable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing
authorities. Further details on the unrecognized tax benefits can be found in “Note
19: Income, Sales-Based and Other Taxes.” 

 Notes:  

 (1)   Includes capitalized lease
obligations of $1,238 million.  

 (2)   The amount due in one year is
included in notes and loans payable of $18,762 million.  

 (3)   The fair value of asset retirement
obligations, primarily upstream asset removal costs at the completion of field
life.  

 (4)   The amount by which the benefit
obligations exceeded the fair value of fund assets for certain U.S. and
non-U.S. pension and other postretirement plans at year end. The payments by
period include expected contributions to funded pension plans in 2016 and
estimated benefit payments for unfunded plans in all years.  

 (5)   Minimum commitments for operating
leases, shown on an undiscounted basis, cover drilling equipment, tankers,
service stations and other properties. Total includes $1,621 million related to
drilling rigs and related equipment. 

 (6)   Unconditional purchase obligations
(UPOs) are those long-term commitments that are noncancelable or cancelable
only under certain conditions, and that third parties have used to secure
financing for the facilities that will provide the contracted goods or
services. The undiscounted obligations of $936 million mainly pertain to
pipeline throughput agreements and include $411 million of obligations to
equity companies.  

 (7)   Take-or-pay obligations are
noncancelable, long-term commitments for goods and services other than UPOs.
The undiscounted obligations of $24,870 million mainly pertain to pipeline,
manufacturing supply and terminal agreements.  

 (8)   Firm commitments related to capital
projects, shown on an undiscounted basis, totaled approximately $15.2 billion.
These commitments were primarily associated with Upstream projects outside the
U.S., of which $8.0 billion was associated with projects in Africa, United Arab
Emirates, Canada, Malaysia, Kazakhstan and Australia. The Corporation expects
to fund the majority of these projects with i nternally generated funds, supplemented by
long-term and short-term debt. 


 


 51   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 Guarantees  

 The
Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently
liable at December 31, 2015, for guarantees relating to notes, loans and
performance under contracts (Note 16). Where guarantees for environmental
remediation and other similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts
reflect management’s estimate of the maximum potential exposure. These guarantees
are not reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Corporation’s
financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  

   

 Financial Strength  

 On
December 31, 2015, the Corporation’s unused short-term committed lines of credit
totaled approximately $6.0 billion (Note 6) and unused long-term committed
lines of credit totaled approximately $0.4 billion (Note 14). The table below
shows the Corporation’s fixed-charge coverage and consolidated debt-to-capital
ratios. The data demonstrate the Corporation’s creditworthiness.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed-charge coverage ratio (times) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.6  
   
  
     
   
  
   46.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   55.7  
   
  
 
   
   Debt to capital (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   13.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.2  
   
  
 
   
   Net debt to capital (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.5  
   
  
     
   
  
   11.9  
   
  
     
   
  
   9.1  
   
  
 



   

 Management
views the Corporation’s financial strength, as evidenced by the above financial
ratios and other similar measures, to be a competitive advantage of strategic
importance. The Corporation’s sound financial position gives it the opportunity
to access the world’s capital markets in the full range of market conditions,
and enables the Corporation to take on large, long-term capital commitments in
the pursuit of maximizing shareholder value.  

   

 Litigation and Other Contingencies  

 As
discussed in Note 16, a variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and
certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Based
on a consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances, the Corporation
does not believe the ultimate outcome of any currently pending lawsuit against
ExxonMobil will have a material adverse effect upon the Corporation’s
operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole.
There are no events or uncertainties beyond those already included in reported
financial information that would indicate a material change in future operating
results or financial condition. Refer to Note 16 for additional information on
legal proceedings and other contingencies.  


 


 52   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 

 
  
   
   CAPITAL AND EXPLORATION EXPENDITURES  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream  (1)  
   
  
   7,822  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,585  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,407  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,401  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,326  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,727  
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
   1,039  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,574  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,613  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,724  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,034  
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
   1,945  
   
  
     
   
  
   898  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,843  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,690  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,741  
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   188  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   188  
   
  
     
   
  
   35  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   10,994  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,057  
   
  
     
   
  
   31,051  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,436  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,101  
   
  
     
   
  
   38,537  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1)
  Exploration expenses included.  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Capital
and exploration expenditures in 2015 were $31.1 billion, as the Corporation
continued to pursue opportunities to find and produce new supplies of oil and
natural gas to meet global demand for energy. The Corporation anticipates an investment
level of $23.2 billion in 2016. Actual spending could vary depending on the
progress of individual projects and property acquisitions. 

 Upstream
spending of $25.4 billion in 2015 was down 22 percent from 2014, reflecting key
project start-ups and capital efficiencies. Investments in 2015 included
projects in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Alaska, U.S. onshore drilling and
continued progress on world-class projects in Canada and Australia. The
majority of expenditures are on development projects, which typically take two
to four years from the time of recording proved undeveloped reserves to the
start of production. The percentage of proved developed reserves was 73 percent
of total proved reserves at year-end 2015, and has been over 60 percent for the
last ten years. 

 Capital
investments in the Downstream totaled $2.6 billion in 2015, a decrease of $0.4
billion from 2014, mainly reflecting lower refining project spending. The
Chemical capital expenditures of $2.8 billion increased $0.1 billion from 2014
with higher investments in the U.S. 

   

 
  
   
   TAXES  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,015  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,263  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Effective
  income tax rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   34% 
   
  
     
   
  
   41% 
   
  
     
   
  
   48% 
   
  
 
   
   Sales-based
  taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,678  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,342  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,589  
   
  
 
   
   All other taxes
  and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,790  
   
  
     
   
  
   35,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,396  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
    Total  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,883  
   
  
     
   
  
   82,872  
   
  
     
   
  
   91,248  
   
  
 



   

 2015  

 Income,
sales-based and all other taxes and duties totaled $57.9 billion in 2015, a
decrease of $25.0 billion or 30 percent from 2014. Income tax expense, both
current and deferred, was $5.4 billion, $12.6 billion lower than 2014, as a
result of lower earnings and a lower effective tax rate. The effective tax rate
was 34 percent compared to 41 percent in the prior year due primarily to a
lower share of earnings in higher tax jurisdictions. Sales-based and all other
taxes and duties of $52.5 billion in 2015 decreased $12.4 billion as a result
of lower sales realizations. 

   

 2014  

 Income,
sales-based and all other taxes and duties totaled $82.9 billion in 2014, a
decrease of $8.4 billion or 9 percent from 2013. Income tax expense, both
current and deferred, was $18.0 billion, $6.2 billion lower than 2013, as a
result of a lower effective tax rate. The effective tax rate was 41 percent
compared to 48 percent in the prior year due primarily to impacts related to
the Corporation’s asset management program and favorable U.S. deferred tax
items. Sales-based and all other taxes and duties of $64.9 billion in 2014
decreased $2.1 billion. 


 


 53   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 

   

 
  
   
   Environmental
  Expenditures  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital
  expenditures 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,869  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,666  
   
  
 
   
   Other
  expenditures 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,777  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,522  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,646  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,188  
   
  
 



   

 Throughout
ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing measures are taken to prevent and
minimize the impact of our operations on air, water and ground. These
include a significant investment in refining infrastructure and technology to
manufacture clean fuels, as well as projects to monitor and reduce
nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and greenhouse gas emissions, and expenditures for
asset retirement obligations. Using definitions and guidelines established by
the American Petroleum Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2015 worldwide environmental
expenditures for all such preventative and remediation steps, including
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company expenditures, were $5.6 billion, of
which $3.8 billion were included in expenses with the remainder in capital
expenditures. The total cost for such activities is expected to decrease to
approximately $5 billion in 2016 and 2017, mainly reflecting lower project
activity in Canada. Capital expenditures are expected to account for approximately
30 percent of the total.   

   

 Environmental Liabilities  

 The
Corporation accrues environmental liabilities when it is probable that
obligations have been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.
This policy applies to assets or businesses currently owned or previously
disposed. ExxonMobil has accrued liabilities for probable environmental
remediation obligations at various sites, including multiparty sites where the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has identified ExxonMobil as one of the
potentially responsible parties. The involvement of other financially
responsible companies at these multiparty sites could mitigate ExxonMobil’s
actual joint and several liability exposure. At present, no individual site is
expected to have losses material to ExxonMobil’s operations or financial
condition. Consolidated company provisions made in 2015 for environmental
liabilities were $371 million ($780 million in 2014) and the balance
sheet reflects accumulated liabilities of $837 million as of
December 31, 2015, and $1,066 million as of December 31, 2014.  

   

 MARKET RISKS, INFLATION AND OTHER
UNCERTAINTIES  

   

 
  
   
   Worldwide
  Average Realizations   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil and NGL ($/barrel) 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.77 
   
  
     
   
  
   87.42 
   
  
     
   
  
   97.48 
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas ($/kcf) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.95 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.68 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.60 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) 
  Consolidated subsidiaries. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Crude
oil, natural gas, petroleum product and chemical prices have fluctuated in
response to changing market forces. The impacts of these price fluctuations on
earnings from Upstream, Downstream and Chemical operations have varied. In the
Upstream, a $1 per barrel change in the weighted-average realized
price of oil would have approximately a $375 million annual after-tax effect on
Upstream consolidated plus equity company earnings. Similarly, a $0.10 per kcf
change in the worldwide average gas realization would have approximately a $150
million annual after-tax effect on Upstream consolidated plus equity company
earnings. For any given period, the extent of actual benefit or detriment will
be dependent on the price movements of individual types of crude oil, taxes and
other government take impacts, price adjustment lags in long-term gas
contracts, and crude and gas production volumes. Accordingly, changes in
benchmark prices for crude oil and natural gas only provide broad indicators of
changes in the earnings experienced in any particular period.  

 In
the very competitive downstream and chemical environments, earnings are
primarily determined by margin capture rather than absolute price levels of
products sold. Refining margins are a function of the difference between what a
refiner pays for its raw materials (primarily crude oil) and the market prices
for the range of products produced. These prices in turn depend on global and
regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels, refinery operations,
import/export balances and weather.  

 
  


 


 54   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 The global
energy markets can give rise to extended periods in which market conditions are
adverse to one or more of the Corporation’s businesses. Such conditions, along
with the capital-intensive nature of the industry and very long lead times
associated with many of our projects, underscore the importance of maintaining
a strong financial position. Management views the Corporation’s financial
strength as a competitive advantage.  

 In
general, segment results are not dependent on the ability to sell and/or
purchase products to/from other segments. Instead, where such sales take place,
they are the result of efficiencies and competitive advantages of integrated
refinery/chemical complexes. Additionally, intersegment sales are at
market-based prices. The products bought and sold between segments can also be
acquired in worldwide markets that have substantial liquidity, capacity and
transportation capabilities. About 35 percent of the Corporation’s intersegment
sales represent Upstream production sold to the Downstream. Other intersegment
sales include those between refineries and chemical plants related to raw
materials, feedstocks and finished products.  

 Although
price levels of crude oil and natural gas may rise or fall significantly over
the short to medium term due to global economic conditions, political events, decisions
by OPEC and other major government resource owners and other factors, industry
economics over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and
demand. Accordingly, the Corporation evaluates the viability of all of its
investments over a broad range of prices. The Corporation’s assessment is that
its operations will continue to be successful over the long term in a variety
of market conditions. This is the outcome of disciplined investment and asset
management programs.  

 The
Corporation has an active asset management program in which underperforming
assets are either improved to acceptable levels or considered for divestment.
The asset management program includes a disciplined, regular review to ensure
that all assets are contributing to the Corporation’s strategic objectives. The
result is an efficient capital base, and the Corporation has seldom had to
write down the carrying value of assets, even during periods of low commodity
prices.  

   

 Risk Management  

 The
Corporation’s size, strong capital structure, geographic diversity and the
complementary nature of the Upstream, Downstream and Chemical businesses reduce
the Corporation’s enterprise-wide risk from changes in interest rates, currency
rates and commodity prices. As a result, the Corporation makes limited use of
derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of such changes. With respect to
derivatives activities, the Corporation believes that there are no material
market or credit risks to the Corporation’s financial position, results of
operations or liquidity as a result of the derivatives described in Note 13.
The Corporation does not engage in speculative derivative activities or
derivative trading activities nor does it use derivatives with leveraged features.
Credit risk associated with the Corporation’s derivative position is mitigated
by several factors, including the use of derivative clearing exchanges and the
quality of and financial limits placed on derivative counterparties. The
Corporation maintains a system of controls that includes the authorization,
reporting and monitoring of derivative activity.  

 The
Corporation is exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on its
short-term debt and the portion of long-term debt that carries floating
interest rates. The impact of a 100-basis-point change in interest rates
affecting the Corporation’s debt would not be material to earnings, cash flow
or fair value. The Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term
and short-term liquidity. Internally generated funds are expected to cover the
majority of financial requirements, supplemented by long-term and short-term
debt. Some joint-venture partners are dependent on the credit markets, and
their funding ability may impact the development pace of joint-venture
projects.  

 The
Corporation conducts business in many foreign currencies and is subject to
exchange rate risk on cash flows related to sales, expenses, financing and
investment transactions. The impacts of fluctuations in exchange rates on ExxonMobil’s
geographically and functionally diverse operations are varied and often
offsetting in amount. The Corporation makes limited use of currency exchange
contracts to mitigate the impact of changes in currency values, and exposures
related to the Corporation’s limited use of the currency exchange contracts are
not material.  

   

 Inflation and Other Uncertainties  

 The
general rate of inflation in many major countries of operation has remained
moderate over the past few years, and the associated impact on non-energy costs
has generally been mitigated by cost reductions from efficiency and
productivity improvements. Beginning several years ago, an extended period of
increased demand for certain services and materials resulted in higher
operating and capital costs. More recently, multiple market changes, including
general commodity price decreases, lower oil prices and reduced upstream industry
activity, have contributed to lower prices for oilfield services and materials.
The Corporation works to minimize costs in all commodity price environments through
its economies of scale in global procurement and its efficient project
management practices.  


 


 55   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 RECENTLY
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  

 In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new standard,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers . The standard establishes a single revenue
recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates industry
specific requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. The standard is
required to be adopted beginning January 1, 2018.  

 “Sales
and Other Operating Revenue” on the Consolidated Statement of Income includes
sales, excise and value-added taxes on sales transactions. When the Corporation
adopts the standard, revenue will exclude sales-based taxes collected on behalf
of third parties. This change in reporting will not impact earnings. 

 The
Corporation continues to evaluate other areas of the standard and its effect on
the Corporation’s financial statements.  

   

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES  

 The
Corporation’s accounting and financial reporting fairly reflect its
straightforward business model involving the extracting, refining and marketing
of hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon-based products. The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP) requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Corporation’s accounting
policies are summarized in Note 1.  

   

 Oil and Gas Reserves  

 Evaluations
of oil and gas reserves are important to the effective management of upstream
assets. They are an integral part of investment decisions about oil and gas
properties such as whether development should proceed. Oil and gas reserve
quantities are also used as the basis to calculate unit-of-production
depreciation rates and to evaluate impairment.  

 Oil
and gas reserves include both proved and unproved reserves. Proved oil and gas
reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience
and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be
economically producible. Unproved reserves are those with less than reasonable
certainty of recoverability and include probable reserves. Probable reserves
are reserves that, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be
recovered.  

 The
estimation of proved reserves is an ongoing process based on rigorous technical
evaluations, commercial and market assessment, and detailed analysis of well
information such as flow rates and reservoir pressure declines. The estimation
of proved reserves is controlled by the Corporation through long-standing
approval guidelines. Reserve changes are made within a well-established,
disciplined process driven by senior level geoscience and engineering
professionals, assisted by the Reserves Technical Oversight group which has
significant technical experience, culminating in reviews with and approval by
senior management. Notably, the Corporation does not use specific quantitative
reserve targets to determine compensation. Key features of the reserve
estimation process are covered in Disclosure of Reserves in Item 2.  

 Although
the Corporation is reasonably certain that proved reserves will be produced,
the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number of factors
including completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory
approvals and significant changes in long-term oil and gas price levels.  

 Proved
reserves can be further subdivided into developed and undeveloped reserves. The
percentage of proved developed reserves was 73 percent of total proved reserves
at year-end 2015 (including both consolidated and equity company reserves), and
has been over 60 percent for the last ten years. 

 Revisions
can include upward or downward changes in previously estimated volumes of
proved reserves for existing fields due to the evaluation or re-evaluation of
(1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data, (2) new
geologic, reservoir or production data or (3) changes in prices and year-end
costs that are used in the estimation of reserves. Revisions can also result from
significant changes in development strategy or production equipment/facility
capacity.  

 When
crude oil and natural gas prices are in the range seen in late 2015 and early
2016 for an extended period of time, under the SEC definition of proved
reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas, such as oil sands
operations in Canada and natural gas operations in North America could
temporarily not qualify as proved reserves. Amounts that could be required to
be de-booked as proved reserves on an SEC basis are subject to being re-booked
as proved reserves at some point in the future when price levels recover, costs
decline, or operating efficiencies occur. Under the terms of certain
contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, lower prices can also
increase proved reserves attributable to ExxonMobil. We do not expect any
temporary changes in reported proved reserves under SEC definitions to affect
the operation of the underlying projects or to alter our outlook for future
production volumes. 




   


 


 56   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 Impact of Oil and Gas Reserves on Depreciation.  The calculation of unit-of-production depreciation is
a critical accounting estimate that measures the depreciation of upstream assets.
It is the ratio of actual volumes produced to total proved reserves or proved
developed reserves (those proved reserves recoverable through existing wells
with existing equipment and operating methods), applied to the asset cost. In
the event that the unit-of-production method does not result in an equitable
allocation of cost over the economic life of an upstream asset, an alternative
such as the straight-line method is used. The volumes produced and asset cost
are known and, while proved reserves have a high probability of recoverability
they are based on estimates that are subject to some variability. While the
revisions the Corporation has made in the past are an indicator of variability,
they have had a very small impact on the unit-of-production rates because they
have been small compared to the large reserves base.  

 Impact
of Oil and Gas Reserves, Prices and Margins on Testing for Impairment.  The Corporation performs impairment assessments
whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of its
long-lived assets (or group of assets) may not be recoverable through future
operations or disposition. Assets are grouped at the lowest level for which
there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash
flows of other groups of assets for this assessment.  

 Potential
trigger events for impairment evaluation include: 

 ·         
 a significant decrease in the
market price of a long-lived asset; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its physical
condition including a significant decrease in current and projected reserve
volumes; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value, including
an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 

 ·         
 an accumulation of project costs
significantly in excess of the amount originally expected; 

 ·         
 a current-period operating loss
combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash flow losses; and 

 ·         
 a current expectation that, more
likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of
significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 

 The
Corporation performs asset valuation analyses on an ongoing basis as a part of
its asset management program. These analyses and other profitability reviews
assist the Corporation in assessing whether the carrying amounts of any of its
assets may not be recoverable. 

 In
general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices or margins as a
trigger event for conducting impairment tests. The markets for crude oil,
natural gas and petroleum products have a history of significant price
volatility. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly, industry
prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and
demand. On the supply side, industry production from mature fields is
declining, but this is being offset by production from new discoveries and
field developments. OPEC production policies also have an impact on world oil
supplies. The demand side is largely a function of global economic growth. The
relative growth/decline in supply versus demand will determine industry prices
over the long term, and these cannot be accurately predicted.  

 If
there were a trigger event, the Corporation estimates the future undiscounted
cash flows of the affected properties to judge the recoverability of carrying
amounts. Cash flows used in impairment evaluations are developed using
estimates for future crude oil and natural gas commodity prices, refining and
chemical margins, and foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based on
projected field and facility production profiles, throughput, or sales. These
evaluations make use of the Corporation’s price, margin, volume, and cost
assumptions developed in the annual planning and budgeting process, and are
consistent with the criteria management uses to evaluate investment
opportunities. Where unproved reserves exist, an appropriately risk-adjusted
amount of these reserves may be included in the evaluation. 

 An
asset group would be impaired if its undiscounted cash flows were less than the
asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured by the amount by which the
carrying value exceeds fair value. Cash flow estimates for impairment testing
exclude the effects of derivative instruments. 

 In
light of continued weakness in the upstream industry environment in late 2015,
the Corporation undertook an effort to assess its major long-lived assets most
at risk for potential impairment. The results of this assessment confirm the
absence of a trigger event and indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows
associated with these assets substantially exceed the carrying value of the
assets. The assessment reflects crude and natural gas prices that are generally
consistent with the long-term price forecasts published by third-party industry
experts. Critical to the long-term recoverability of certain assets is the
assumption that either by supply and demand changes, or due to general
inflation, prices will rise in the future. Should increases in long-term prices
not materialize, certain of the Corporation’s assets will be at risk for
impairment. Due to the inherent difficulty in predicting future commodity
prices, and the relationship between industry prices and costs, it is not
practicable to reasonably estimate a range of potential future impairments
related to the Corporation’s long-lived assets. 

 Significant
unproved properties are assessed for impairment individually, and valuation
allowances against the capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated
economic chance of success and the length of time that the Corporation expects
to hold the  
 


 57   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 properties. Properties that are not
individually significant are aggregated by groups and amortized based on
development risk and average holding period.  

 Supplemental
information regarding oil and gas results of operations, capitalized costs and
reserves is provided following the notes to consolidated financial statements.
Future prices used for any impairment tests will vary from the ones used in the
supplemental oil and gas disclosure and could be lower or higher for any given
year.  

   

 Inventories 

 Crude
oil, products and merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of current
market value or cost (generally determined under the last-in, first-out method
– LIFO). If crude oil, natural gas, petroleum product and chemical product
prices continue in the range seen in early 2016, the Corporation could be
subject to a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment. 

   

 Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The
Corporation incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values
of these obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which
is typically at the time the assets are installed. In the estimation of fair
value, the Corporation uses assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as
the existence of a legal obligation for an asset retirement obligation;
technical assessments of the assets; estimated amounts and timing of
settlements; discount rates; and inflation rates. Asset retirement obligations
are disclosed in Note 9 to the financial statements.  

   

 Suspended Exploratory Well Costs  

 The
Corporation continues capitalization of exploratory well costs when the well
has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a
producing well and the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing the
reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project. Exploratory
well costs not meeting these criteria are charged to expense. The facts and
circumstances that support continued capitalization of suspended wells at year-end
are disclosed in Note 10 to the financial statements.  

   

 Consolidations  

 The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of those subsidiaries
that the Corporation controls. They also include the Corporation’s share of the
undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Amounts representing the Corporation’s interest in the underlying net
assets of other significant entities that it does not control, but over which
it exercises significant influence, are accounted for using the equity method
of accounting.  

 Investments
in companies that are partially owned by the Corporation are integral to the
Corporation’s operations. In some cases they serve to balance worldwide risks,
and in others they provide the only available means of entry into a particular
market or area of interest. The other parties, who also have an equity interest
in these companies, are either independent third parties or host governments
that share in the business results according to their ownership. The
Corporation does not invest in these companies in order to remove liabilities
from its balance sheet. In fact, the Corporation has long been on record
supporting an alternative accounting method that would require each investor to
consolidate its share of all assets and liabilities in these partially-owned
companies rather than only its interest in net equity. This method of
accounting for investments in partially-owned companies is not permitted by U.S.
GAAP except where the investments are in the direct ownership of a share of
upstream assets and liabilities. However, for purposes of calculating return on
average capital employed, which is not covered by U.S. GAAP standards, the
Corporation includes its share of debt of these partially-owned companies in
the determination of average capital employed.  


 


 58   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 Pension
Benefits  

 The
Corporation and its affiliates sponsor about 100 defined benefit (pension)
plans in over 40 countries. The Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits footnote
(Note 17) provides details on pension obligations, fund assets and pension
expense.  

 Some
of these plans (primarily non-U.S.) provide pension benefits that are paid
directly by their sponsoring affiliates out of corporate cash flow rather than
a separate pension fund because tax conventions and regulatory practices do not
encourage advance funding. Book reserves are established for these plans. The
portion of the pension cost attributable to employee service is expensed as services
are rendered. The portion attributable to the increase in pension obligations
due to the passage of time is expensed over the term of the obligations, which
ends when all benefits are paid. The primary difference in pension expense for
unfunded versus funded plans is that pension expense for funded plans also
includes a credit for the expected long-term return on fund assets. 

 For
funded plans, including those in the U.S., pension obligations are financed in
advance through segregated assets or insurance arrangements. These plans are
managed in compliance with the requirements of governmental authorities and
meet or exceed required funding levels as measured by relevant actuarial and
government standards at the mandated measurement dates. In determining
liabilities and required contributions, these standards often require
approaches and assumptions that differ from those used for accounting purposes.
 

 The
Corporation will continue to make contributions to these funded plans as
necessary. All defined-benefit pension obligations, regardless of the funding
status of the underlying plans, are fully supported by the financial strength
of the Corporation or the respective sponsoring affiliate.  

 Pension
accounting requires explicit assumptions regarding, among others, the long-term
expected earnings rate on fund assets, the discount rate for the benefit
obligations and the long-term rate for future salary increases. Pension
assumptions are reviewed annually by outside actuaries and senior management.
These assumptions are adjusted as appropriate to reflect changes in market
rates and outlook. The long-term expected earnings rate on U.S. pension plan
assets in 2015 was 7.00 percent. The 10‑year and 20‑year actual
returns on U.S. pension plan assets were 5 percent and 8 percent, respectively.
The Corporation establishes the long-term expected rate of return by developing
a forward-looking, long-term return assumption for each pension fund asset
class, taking into account factors such as the expected real return for the
specific asset class and inflation. A single, long-term rate of return is then
calculated as the weighted average of the target asset allocation percentages
and the long-term return assumption for each asset class. A worldwide reduction
of 0.5 percent in the long-term rate of return on assets would increase annual pension
expense by approximately $150 million before tax.  

 Differences
between actual returns on fund assets and the long-term expected return are not
recognized in pension expense in the year that the difference occurs. Such
differences are deferred, along with other actuarial gains and losses, and are
amortized into pension expense over the expected remaining service life of
employees.  

   

 Litigation Contingencies  

 A
variety of claims have been made against the Corporation and certain of its
consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Management has
regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside
counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these
contingencies. The status of significant claims is summarized in Note 16.  

 The
Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the
incurrence of a loss is probable, and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
These amounts are not reduced by amounts that may be recovered under insurance
or claims against third parties, but undiscounted receivables from insurers or
other third parties may be accrued separately. The Corporation revises such
accruals in light of new information. For contingencies where an unfavorable
outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Corporation
discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the
possible loss. For purposes of our litigation contingency disclosures,
“significant” includes material matters as well as other items which management
believes should be disclosed.  

 Management
judgment is required related to contingent liabilities and the outcome of
litigation because both are difficult to predict. However, the Corporation has
been successful in defending litigation in the past. Payments have not had a
material adverse effect on operations or financial condition. In the
Corporation’s experience, large claims often do not result in large awards.
Large awards are often reversed or substantially reduced as a result of appeal
or settlement.  


 


 59   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   


 
 Tax
Contingencies  

 The
Corporation is subject to income taxation in many jurisdictions around the
world. Significant management judgment is required in the accounting for income
tax contingencies and tax disputes because the outcomes are often difficult to
predict.  

 The benefits of uncertain tax positions
that the Corporation has taken or expects to take in its income tax returns are
recognized in the financial statements if management concludes that it is more
likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities.
For a position that is likely to be sustained, the benefit recognized in the
financial statements is measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50
percent likely of being realized. A reserve is established for the difference
between a position taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return and
the amount recognized in the financial statements. The Corporation’s
unrecognized tax benefits and a description of open tax years are summarized in
Note 19. 

   

 Foreign Currency Translation  

 The
method of translating the foreign currency financial statements of the
Corporation’s international subsidiaries into U.S. dollars is prescribed by
GAAP. Under these principles, it is necessary to select the functional currency
of these subsidiaries. The functional currency is the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the subsidiary operates. Management selects the
functional currency after evaluating this economic environment.  

 Factors
considered by management when determining the functional currency for a
subsidiary include the currency used for cash flows related to individual assets
and liabilities; the responsiveness of sales prices to changes in exchange
rates; the history of inflation in the country; whether sales are into local
markets or exported; the currency used to acquire raw materials, labor,
services and supplies; sources of financing; and significance of intercompany
transactions. 

    



 
  




 


 60   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

   

   

   


 
 Management, including the
Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal
Accounting Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over the Corporation’s financial reporting. Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting based on criteria established in  Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015.  

 PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the
effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2015, as stated in their report included in the Financial
Section of this report.  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rex W. Tillerson 
   Chief
  Executive Officer 
   
  
   Andrew P. Swiger 
   Senior Vice President 
   (Principal
  Financial Officer) 
   
  
   David S. Rosenthal 
   Vice President and Controller 
   (Principal
  Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 


 


    









 


 61   


 
 

 


 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   

   

   


 
 

 To the Shareholders of Exxon
Mobil Corporation:  

 In our opinion, the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income,
Changes in Equity, and Cash Flows present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Exxon Mobil Corporation and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Also in our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in  Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Corporation’s management
is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on
the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting based on our
integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  

 Dallas, Texas  

 February 24, 2016  



 
  




 


 62   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues and
  other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   259,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   394,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   420,836 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income from
  equity affiliates 
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,927 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,492 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total revenues
  and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   411,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   438,255 
   
  
 
   
   Costs and other
  deductions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Crude oil and
  product purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   130,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   225,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,156 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production and
  manufacturing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,525 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Selling,
  general and administrative expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,877 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation
  and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,182 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses, including dry holes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,976 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales-based
  taxes  (1) 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,342 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,589 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other taxes and
  duties 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,230 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs and
  other deductions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   246,916 
   
  
     
   
  
   360,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   380,544 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,966 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,711 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income taxes 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,263 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,448 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   868 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share  (dollars)  
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share - assuming dilution  (dollars)  
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Sales and other operating revenue
includes sales-based taxes of $22,678 million for 2015, $29,342 million for
2014 and $30,589 million for 2013. 

   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 63   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,615  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,448  
   
  
 
   
   Other
  comprehensive income (net of income taxes) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign
  exchange translation adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,303) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,847) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,620) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Adjustment for
  foreign exchange translation (gain)/loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   included in net
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   152  
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves adjustment (excluding amortization) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,358  
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,174  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization
  and settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   adjustment
  included in net periodic benefit costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,448  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,111  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,820  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unrealized change
  in fair value of stock investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   33  
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Realized
  (gain)/loss from stock investments included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   27  
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,451) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,906) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,351  
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  income including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,100  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,709  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,799  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Comprehensive
  income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   421  
   
  
     
   
  
   760  
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  income attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,596  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,288  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,039  
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

    



 
  




 


 64   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cash and cash
  equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,616  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cash and cash
  equivalents - restricted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   42  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes and
  accounts receivable, less estimated doubtful amounts 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,875  
   
  
     
   
  
   28,009  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Inventories 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil,
  products and merchandise 
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,037  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,384  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Materials and
  supplies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,208  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,294  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,798  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,565  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,623  
   
  
     
   
  
   52,910  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investments,
  advances and long-term receivables 
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,245  
   
  
     
   
  
   35,239  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property, plant
  and equipment, at cost, less accumulated depreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and depletion 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   251,605  
   
  
     
   
  
   252,668  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other assets,
  including intangibles, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,285  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,676  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758  
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,762  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,468  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accounts
  payable and accrued liabilities 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,412  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,227  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income taxes
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,802  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,938  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,976  
   
  
     
   
  
   64,633  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term debt 
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves 
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,647  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,802  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Deferred income
  tax liabilities 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,818  
   
  
     
   
  
   39,230  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term
  obligations to equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,417  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,325  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other long-term
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,165  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,786  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   159,948  
   
  
     
   
  
   168,429  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commitments and
  contingencies 
   
  
   16  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  without par value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,000 million
  shares authorized, 8,019 million shares issued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,612  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,792  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Earnings
  reinvested 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   412,444  
   
  
     
   
  
   408,384  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,511) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,957) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  held in treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,863 million
  shares in 2015 and 3,818 million shares in 2014) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (229,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,820) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  share of equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811  
   
  
     
   
  
   174,399  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,999  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,665  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   176,810  
   
  
     
   
  
   181,064  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total liabilities
  and equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758  
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493  
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 65   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,615  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,448  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Adjustments for
  noncash transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Depreciation
  and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,048  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,297  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,182  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred income
  tax charges/(credits) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,540  
   
  
     
   
  
   754  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   in excess
  of/(less than) net payments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,153  
   
  
     
   
  
   524  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,291  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other long-term
  obligation provisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   in excess of/(less
  than) payments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,404  
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,566) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends
  received greater than/(less than) equity in current 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   earnings of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (358) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Changes in
  operational working capital, excluding cash and debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reduction/(increase) 
   
  
   - Notes and
  accounts receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,692  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,118  
   
  
     
   
  
   (305) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Inventories 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (379) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,343) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,812) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Other current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45  
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase/(reduction) 
   
  
   - Accounts and
  other payables 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,471) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,639) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,498) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net (gain) on
  asset sales 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (226) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,828) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   All other items
  - net 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (166) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (823) 
   
  
     
   
  
   350  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,344  
   
  
     
   
  
   45,116  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,914  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,490) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32,952) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33,669) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Proceeds
  associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and equipment,
  and sales and returns of investments 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,389  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,035  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Decrease/(increase)
  in restricted cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42  
   
  
     
   
  
   227  
   
  
     
   
  
   72  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additional
  investments and advances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (607) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,631) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,435) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Collection of
  advances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   842  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,346  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,124  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash used
  in investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,824) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,975) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34,201) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  long-term debt 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,028  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,731  
   
  
     
   
  
   345  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions in
  long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  short-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   16  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions in
  short-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (506) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (745) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions/(reductions)
  in commercial paper, and debt with 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   three months or
  less maturity 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,759  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,049  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,012  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash dividends
  to ExxonMobil shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,090) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,568) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,875) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash dividends
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Changes in noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   115  
   
  
     
   
  
   48  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,998) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  sold 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   30  
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash used
  in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,037) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,888) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,476) 
   
  
 
   
   Effects of
  exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (394) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase/(decrease)
  in cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (911) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,938) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,616  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,644  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,582  
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,616  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,644  
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 66   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY 


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil Share of Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   ExxonMobil  
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
   Held in  
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of  
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Reinvested 
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,653  
   
  
     
   
  
   365,727  
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (197,333) 
   
  
     
   
  
   165,863  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,797  
   
  
     
   
  
   171,660  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   761  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   761  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   761  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   162  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   162  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   162  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (499) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (499) 
   
  
     
   
  
   240  
   
  
     
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
     
   
  
   868  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,448  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,875) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,875) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (304) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,179) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   1,459  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   1,459  
   
  
     
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,351  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,998) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,998) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,999) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   550  
   
  
     
   
  
   550  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   550  
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,077  
   
  
     
   
  
   387,432  
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,725) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (212,781) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,003  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,492  
   
  
     
   
  
   180,495  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   780  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   780  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   780  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   49  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   49  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   49  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,095  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,615  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,568) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,568) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,816) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,232) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,232) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (674) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,906) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,183) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,183) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   144  
   
  
     
   
  
   144  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   144  
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,792  
   
  
     
   
  
   408,384  
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,820) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,399  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,665  
   
  
     
   
  
   181,064  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   828  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   828  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   828  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   116  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   116  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   116  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   401  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,090) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,090) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,260) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (897) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,451) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   125  
   
  
     
   
  
   125  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   125  
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,612  
   
  
     
   
  
   412,444  
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,511) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,999  
   
  
     
   
  
   176,810  
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common Stock
  Share Activity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issued 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of shares) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,517) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,502  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   10  
   
  
     
   
  
   10  
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,684) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,335  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,818) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,201  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,863) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,156  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 67   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The accompanying consolidated financial
statements and the supporting and supplemental material are the responsibility
of the management of Exxon Mobil Corporation.  

 The
Corporation’s principal business is energy, involving the worldwide
exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas
(Upstream) and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products
(Downstream). The Corporation is also a major worldwide manufacturer and
marketer of petrochemicals (Chemical).  

 The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ
from these estimates. Prior years’ data has been reclassified in certain cases
to conform to the 2015 presentation basis.  

   

 1.
Summary of Accounting Policies  

 Principles
of Consolidation.  The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of subsidiaries the
Corporation controls. They also include the Corporation’s share of the
undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses.  

 Amounts
representing the Corporation’s interest in entities that it does not control,
but over which it exercises significant influence, are included in
“Investments, advances and long-term receivables.” The Corporation’s share of
the net income of these companies is included in the Consolidated Statement of
Income caption “Income from equity affiliates.”  

 Majority
ownership is normally the indicator of control that is the basis on which
subsidiaries are consolidated. However, certain factors may indicate that a
majority-owned investment is not controlled and therefore should be accounted
for using the equity method of accounting. These factors occur where the
minority shareholders are granted by law or by contract substantive
participating rights. These include the right to approve operating policies,
expense budgets, financing and investment plans, and management compensation
and succession plans.  

 The
Corporation’s share of the cumulative foreign exchange translation adjustment
for equity method investments is reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income.  

 Evidence
of loss in value that might indicate impairment of investments in companies
accounted for on the equity method is assessed to determine if such evidence
represents a loss in value of the Corporation’s investment that is other than
temporary. Examples of key indicators include a history of operating losses,
negative earnings and cash flow outlook, significant downward revisions to oil
and gas reserves, and the financial condition and prospects for the investee’s
business segment or geographic region. If evidence of an other than temporary
loss in fair value below carrying amount is determined, an impairment is
recognized. In the absence of market prices for the investment, discounted cash
flows are used to assess fair value.  

 Revenue Recognition.  The
Corporation generally sells crude oil, natural gas and petroleum and chemical
products under short-term agreements at prevailing market prices. In some cases
(e.g., natural gas), products may be sold under long-term agreements, with
periodic price adjustments. Revenues are recognized when the products are
delivered, which occurs when the customer has taken title and has assumed the
risks and rewards of ownership, prices are fixed or determinable and
collectibility is reasonably assured.  

 Revenues
from the production of natural gas properties in which the Corporation has an
interest with other producers are recognized on the basis of the Corporation’s
net working interest. Differences between actual production and net working
interest volumes are not significant.  

 Purchases
and sales of inventory with the same counterparty that are entered into in
contemplation of one another are combined and recorded as exchanges measured at
the book value of the item sold.  

 Sales-Based Taxes.  The
Corporation reports sales, excise and value-added taxes on sales transactions
on a gross basis in the Consolidated Statement of Income (included in both
revenues and costs).  

 Derivative Instruments.  The
Corporation makes limited use of derivative instruments. The Corporation does
not engage in speculative derivative activities or derivative trading
activities, nor does it use derivatives with leveraged features. When the
Corporation does enter into derivative transactions, it is to offset exposures
associated with interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and hydrocarbon
prices that arise from existing assets, liabilities and forecasted
transactions.  

 The
gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivatives are
recorded in income. In some cases, the Corporation designates derivatives as
fair value hedges, in which case the gains and losses are offset in income by
the gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of the underlying
hedged item.  

 Fair Value.  Fair value is the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants. Hierarchy Levels 1, 2
and 3 are terms for the priority of inputs to valuation techniques used to
measure fair value. Hierarchy Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. Hierarchy  
 


 68   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that
are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Hierarchy
Level 3 inputs are inputs that are not observable in the market .  

 Inventories.  Crude oil,
products and merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of current market
value or cost (generally determined under the last-in, first-out method –
LIFO). Inventory costs include expenditures and other charges (including
depreciation) directly and indirectly incurred in bringing the inventory to its
existing condition and location. Selling expenses and general and administrative
expenses are reported as period costs and excluded from inventory cost.
Inventories of materials and supplies are valued at cost or less.  

 Property, Plant and Equipment.  Depreciation,
depletion and amortization, based on cost less estimated salvage value of the
asset, are primarily determined under either the unit-of-production method or
the straight-line method, which is based on estimated asset service life taking
obsolescence into consideration. Maintenance and repairs, including planned
major maintenance, are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and improvements
are capitalized and the assets replaced are retired.  

 The
Corporation uses the “successful efforts” method to account for its exploration
and production activities. Under this method, costs are accumulated on a
field-by-field basis. Costs incurred to purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire a
property (whether unproved or proved) are capitalized when incurred. Exploratory
well costs are carried as an asset when the well has found a sufficient quantity
of reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and where the
Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the
economic and operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not
meeting these criteria are charged to expense. Other exploratory expenditures,
including geophysical costs and annual lease rentals, are expensed as incurred.
Development costs, including costs of productive wells and development dry
holes, are capitalized.  

 Acquisition costs of proved properties are amortized using a
unit-of-production method, computed on the basis of total proved oil and gas
reserves.  Capitalized exploratory
drilling and development costs associated with productive depletable extractive
properties are amortized using unit-of-production rates based on the amount of
proved developed reserves of oil, gas and other minerals that are estimated to
be recoverable from existing facilities using current operating methods. Under
the unit-of-production method, oil and gas volumes are considered produced once
they have been measured through meters at custody transfer or sales transaction
points at the outlet valve on the lease or field storage tank. In the event
that the unit-of-production method does not result in an equitable allocation
of cost over the economic life of an upstream asset, an alternative such as the
straight-line method is used. 

 Production
involves lifting the oil and gas to the surface and gathering, treating, field
processing and field storage of the oil and gas. The production function
normally terminates at the outlet valve on the lease or field production
storage tank. Production costs are those incurred to operate and maintain the
Corporation’s wells and related equipment and facilities and are expensed as
incurred. They become part of the cost of oil and gas produced. These costs,
sometimes referred to as lifting costs, include such items as labor costs to
operate the wells and related equipment; repair and maintenance costs on the
wells and equipment; materials, supplies and energy costs required to operate
the wells and related equipment; and administrative expenses related to the
production activity.  

 The
Corporation performs impairment assessments whenever events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amounts of its long-lived assets (or group of
assets) may not be recoverable through future operations or disposition. Assets
are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows
that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets for
this assessment.  

 Potential
trigger events for impairment evaluation include: 

 ·         
 a significant decrease in the
market price of a long-lived asset; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its physical
condition including a significant decrease in current and projected reserve
volumes; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value, including
an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 

 ·         
 an accumulation of project costs
significantly in excess of the amount originally expected; 

 ·         
 a current-period operating loss
combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash flow losses; and 

 ·         
 a current expectation that, more
likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of
significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 

 The
Corporation performs asset valuation analyses on an ongoing basis as a part of
its asset management program. These analyses and other profitability reviews
assist the Corporation in assessing whether the carrying amounts of any of its
assets may not be recoverable. 

 In
general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices or margins as a
trigger event for conducting impairment tests. The markets for crude oil,
natural gas and petroleum products, have a history of significant price
volatility. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly, industry
prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and
demand. 
 
 
 


 69   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 On the supply side, industry production from mature
fields is declining, but this is being offset by production from new
discoveries and field developments. OPEC production policies also have an
impact on world oil supplies. The demand side is largely a function of global
economic growth. The relative growth/decline in supply versus demand will
determine industry prices over the long term, and these cannot be accurately
predicted.  

 If
there were a trigger event, the Corporation estimates the future undiscounted
cash flows of the affected properties to judge the recoverability of carrying
amounts. Cash flows used in impairment evaluations are developed using
estimates for future crude oil and natural gas commodity prices, refining and
chemical margins, and foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based on
projected field and facility production profiles, throughput, or sales. These
evaluations make use of the Corporation’s price, margin, volume, and cost
assumptions developed in the annual planning and budgeting process, and are
consistent with the criteria management uses to evaluate investment
opportunities. Where unproved reserves exist, an appropriately risk-adjusted
amount of these reserves may be included in the evaluation. 

 An
asset group would be impaired if its undiscounted cash flows were less than the
asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured by the amount by which the
carrying value exceeds fair value. Cash flow estimates for impairment testing
exclude the effects of derivative instruments. 

 Significant
unproved properties are assessed for impairment individually, and valuation
allowances against the capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated
economic chance of success and the length of time that the Corporation expects
to hold the properties. Properties that are not individually significant are
aggregated by groups and amortized based on development risk and average
holding period.  

 Gains
on sales of proved and unproved properties are only recognized when there is neither
uncertainty about the recovery of costs applicable to any interest retained nor
any substantial obligation for future performance by the Corporation.  

 Losses
on properties sold are recognized when incurred or when the properties are held
for sale and the fair value of the properties is less than the carrying value. 

 Interest
costs incurred to finance expenditures during the construction phase of
multiyear projects are capitalized as part of the historical cost of acquiring
the constructed assets. The project construction phase commences with the
development of the detailed engineering design and ends when the constructed
assets are ready for their intended use. Capitalized interest costs are
included in property, plant and equipment and are depreciated over the service
life of the related assets.  

 Asset Retirement Obligations and Environmental Liabilities.  The Corporation incurs retirement obligations for
certain assets. The fair values of these obligations are recorded as
liabilities on a discounted basis, which is typically at the time the assets
are installed. The costs associated with these liabilities are capitalized as
part of the related assets and depreciated. Over time, the liabilities are
accreted for the change in their present value.  

 Liabilities
for environmental costs are recorded when it is probable that obligations have
been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. These liabilities
are not reduced by possible recoveries from third parties and projected cash
expenditures are not discounted.  

 Foreign Currency Translation.  The
Corporation selects the functional reporting currency for its international
subsidiaries based on the currency of the primary economic environment in which
each subsidiary operates.  

 Downstream
and Chemical operations primarily use the local currency. However, the U.S.
dollar is used in countries with a history of high inflation (primarily in
Latin America) and Singapore, which predominantly sells into the U.S. dollar
export market. Upstream operations which are relatively self-contained and
integrated within a particular country, such as Canada, the United Kingdom,
Norway and continental Europe, use the local currency. Some Upstream
operations, primarily in Asia and Africa, use the U.S. dollar because they
predominantly sell crude and natural gas production into U.S.
dollar-denominated markets.  

 For
all operations, gains or losses from remeasuring foreign currency transactions
into the functional currency are included in income.  

 Stock-Based Payments.  The Corporation
awards stock-based compensation to employees in the form of restricted stock
and restricted stock units. Compensation expense is measured by the price of
the stock at the date of grant and is recognized in income over the requisite
service period.  

 
 


 70   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 2. Accounting Changes  

 The
Corporation did not adopt authoritative guidance in 2015 that had a material
impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.  

 In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new standard,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers . The standard establishes a single revenue
recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates industry
specific requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. The standard is
required to be adopted beginning January 1, 2018. 

 “Sales
and Other Operating Revenue” on the Consolidated Statement of Income includes
sales, excise and value-added taxes on sales transactions. When the Corporation
adopts the standard, revenue will exclude sales-based taxes collected on behalf
of third parties. This change in reporting will not impact earnings. 

 The
Corporation continues to evaluate other areas of the standard and its effect on
the Corporation’s financial statements. 

   

 3. Miscellaneous Financial Information  

 Research
and development expenses totaled $1,008 million in 2015, $971 million
in 2014 and $1,044 million in 2013.  

 Net
income included before‑tax aggregate foreign exchange transaction losses
of $119 million and $225 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and
gains of $155 million in 2013.  

 In 2015,
2014 and 2013, net income included a loss of $186 million, and gains of $187 million
and $282 million, respectively, attributable to the combined effects of
LIFO inventory accumulations and drawdowns. The aggregate replacement cost of
inventories was estimated to exceed their LIFO carrying values by $4.5 billion
and $10.6 billion at December 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively. 

 Crude oil, products and merchandise as of year-end 2015 and
2014 consist of the following:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       (billions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.2  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6  
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum
  products 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1  
   
  
 
   
   Chemical
  products 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.7  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.9  
   
  
 
   
   Gas/other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.0  
   
  
     
   
  
   12.4  
   
  
 



 
 


 71   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 4.      Other Comprehensive Income Information 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative 
   
  
     
   
  
   Post- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil
  Share of Accumulated Other  
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  Income 
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2012 
   
  
   2,410  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,594) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,184) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (3,233) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,963  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (270) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,752  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,729  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (3,256) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,715  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,459  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2013 
   
  
   (846) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,879) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,725) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2013 
   
  
   (846) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,879) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,725) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period change
  excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (5,258) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,132) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,453) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   152  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,066  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,221  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (5,106) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,232) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
   (5,952) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,945) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
   (5,952) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,945) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (8,204) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,202  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,969) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,402  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,415  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (8,218) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
   (14,170) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,341) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,511) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Amounts
  Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  Income - Before-tax Income/(Expense) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  exchange translation gain/(loss) included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Statement of
  Income line: Other income) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23  
   
  
 
   
   Amortization
  and settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment
  included in net periodic benefit costs  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,616) 
   
  
 
   
   Realized change
  in fair value of stock investments included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Statement of
  Income line: Other income) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
    (5)  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 



   

 (1)   These accumulated other comprehensive income components are
included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. (See Note 17 –
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits for additional details.) 

   

 
  
   
   Income Tax
  (Expense)/Credit For 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Components
  of Other Comprehensive Income 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  exchange translation adjustment 
   
  
   170  
   
  
     
   
  
   292  
   
  
     
   
  
   218  
   
  
 
   
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves adjustment (excluding amortization) 
   
  
   (1,192) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,009  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,540) 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization
  and settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment
  included in net periodic benefit costs 
   
  
   (618) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (796) 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized
  change in fair value of stock investments 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
   Realized change
  in fair value of stock investments included in net income 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   (1,672) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,873  
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,118) 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 



 
 


 72   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 5. Cash Flow Information  

 The
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows provides information about changes in cash
and cash equivalents. Highly liquid investments with maturities of three months
or less when acquired are classified as cash equivalents.  

 For
2015, the “Net (gain) on asset sales” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows includes before-tax amounts from the sale of service stations in Europe,
the sale of Upstream properties in the U.S., the sale of ExxonMobil’s interests
in Chemical and Refining joint ventures, and the pending sale of the Torrance
refinery. For 2014, the amount includes before-tax gains from the sale of Hong
Kong power operations, additional proceeds related to the 2013 sale of a
partial interest in Iraq, the sale of Downstream affiliates in the Caribbean
and the sale or exchange of Upstream properties in the U.S., Canada, and
Malaysia. For 2013, the amount includes before-tax gains from the sale of a
partial interest in Iraq, the sale of Downstream affiliates in the Caribbean
and the sale of service stations. These net gains are reported in “Other
income” on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

 In
2015, the “Additions/(reductions) in commercial paper, and debt with three
months or less maturity” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows includes a
net $358 million addition of commercial paper with maturity over three months.
The gross amount issued was $8.1 billion, while the gross amount repaid was
$7.7 billion.  

 In
2015, ExxonMobil completed an asset exchange that resulted in value received of
approximately $500 million including $100 million in cash. The non-cash portion
was not included in the “Sales of subsidiaries, investments, and property,
plant and equipment” or the “All other items-net” lines on the Statement of
Cash Flows. Capital leases of approximately $1 billion were not included in the
“Additions to long-term debt” or “Additions to property, plant and equipment”
lines on the Statement of Cash Flows. 

 In
2014, ExxonMobil completed asset exchanges, primarily non-cash transactions, of
approximately $1.2 billion. This amount is not included in the “Sales of
subsidiaries, investments, and property, plant and equipment” or the “Additions
to property, plant and equipment” lines on the Statement of Cash Flows. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash payments
  for interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   586  
   
  
     
   
  
   380  
   
  
     
   
  
   426  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash payments
  for income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,269  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,085  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,066  
   
  
 



 
 
 

 6. Additional Working Capital Information  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and
  accounts receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trade, less
  reserves of $107 million and $113 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,243  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,541  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other, less
  reserves of $4 million and $48 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,632  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,468  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,875  
   
  
     
   
  
   28,009  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Bank loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   231  
   
  
     
   
  
   473  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Commercial
  paper 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,973  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,225  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term debt due
  within one year 
   
  
     
   
  
   558  
   
  
     
   
  
   770  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,762  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,468  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accounts
  payable and accrued liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trade payables 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,074  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,286  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Payables to
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,639  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,589  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accrued taxes
  other than income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,937  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,290  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,762  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,062  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,412  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,227  
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation has short-term committed
lines of credit of $6.0 billion which were unused as of December 31, 2015. These
lines are available for general corporate purposes .  

 The
weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding was 0.4 percent
and 0.3 percent at December 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  

 
 


 73   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 7. Equity Company Information  

 The
summarized financial information below includes amounts related to certain
less-than-majority-owned companies and majority-owned subsidiaries where
minority shareholders possess the right to participate in significant
management decisions (see Note 1). These companies are primarily engaged in oil
and gas exploration and production, and natural gas marketing in North America;
natural gas exploration, production and distribution, and downstream operations
in Europe; and exploration, production, liquefied natural gas (LNG) operations,
refining operations, petrochemical manufacturing, and fuel sales in Asia. Also
included are several refining, petrochemical manufacturing, and marketing
ventures.  

 The Corporation’s
ownership in these ventures is in the form of shares in corporate joint
ventures as well as interests in partnerships. Differences between the
company’s carrying value of an equity investment and its underlying equity in
the net assets of the affiliate are assigned to the extent practicable to
specific assets and liabilities based on the company’s analysis of the factors
giving rise to the difference. The amortization of this difference, as
appropriate, is included in “income from equity affiliates.”  

 The
share of total equity company revenues from sales to ExxonMobil
consolidated companies was 15 percent, 14 percent and 13 percent in the years
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 In
2013 and 2014, the Corporation and Rosneft established various entities to
conduct exploration and research activities. Periods of disproportionate
funding will result in the Corporation recognizing, during the early phases of
the projects, an investment that is larger than its equity share in these
entities. These joint ventures are considered Variable Interest Entities. However,
since the Corporation is not the primary beneficiary of these entities, the
joint ventures are reported as equity companies. In 2014, the European Union
and United States imposed sanctions relating to the Russian energy sector. With
respect to the foregoing, each joint venture continues to comply with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations. The Corporation's maximum before-tax exposure to
loss from these joint ventures as of December 31, 2015, is $1.0 billion. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Company 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
         ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   111,866  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,297  
   
  
     
   
  
   183,708  
   
  
     
   
  
   55,855  
   
  
     
   
  
   236,161  
   
  
     
   
  
   68,084  
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,379  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,670  
   
  
     
   
  
   65,549  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,014  
   
  
     
   
  
   69,454  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,999  
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,048  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,019  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,684  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,618  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,069  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income from
  equity affiliates 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,331  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,651  
   
  
     
   
  
   45,029  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,330  
   
  
     
   
  
   47,836  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,930  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,879  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,244  
   
  
     
   
  
   49,905  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,802  
   
  
     
   
  
   62,398  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,545  
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,684  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,878  
   
  
     
   
  
   110,754  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,619  
   
  
     
   
  
   116,450  
   
  
     
   
  
   35,695  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   142,563  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,122  
   
  
     
   
  
   160,659  
   
  
     
   
  
   50,421  
   
  
     
   
  
   178,848  
   
  
     
   
  
   55,240  
   
  
 
   
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,947  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,738  
   
  
     
   
  
   37,333  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,472  
   
  
     
   
  
   54,550  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,243  
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,388  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,165  
   
  
     
   
  
   66,231  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,470  
   
  
     
   
  
   68,857  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,873  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,228  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,219  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,095  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,479  
   
  
     
   
  
   55,441  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,124  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 74   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A list of
significant equity companies as of December 31, 201 5,
together with the Corporation’s percentage ownership interest, is detailed
below: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Aera Energy LLC 
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   BEB Erdgas und
  Erdoel GmbH & Co. KG 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cameroon Oil
  Transportation Company S.A. 
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cross Timbers
  Energy, LLC 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Golden Pass LNG
  Terminal LLC 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Karmorneftegaz
  Holding SARL 
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Marine Well
  Containment Company LLC 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nederlandse
  Aardolie Maatschappij B.V. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Qatar Liquefied
  Gas Company Limited 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Qatar Liquefied
  Gas Company Limited (2) 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited (II) 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited (3) 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   South Hook LNG
  Terminal Company Limited 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tengizchevroil,
  LLP 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Terminale GNL
  Adriatico S.r.l. 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian Refining
  & Petrochemical Co. Ltd. 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Saudi Aramco
  Mobil Refinery Company Ltd. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Al-Jubail
  Petrochemical Company 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum
  Holdings B.V. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum Italia
  s.r.l. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum USA
  L.P. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Saudi Yanbu
  Petrochemical Co. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 
 

 8. Investments, Advances and Long-Term
Receivables 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Companies
  carried at equity in underlying assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,337  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Advances 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,110  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,818  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total equity
  company investments and advances 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,447  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,835  
   
  
 
   
   Companies
  carried at cost or less and stock investments carried at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   274  
   
  
     
   
  
   526  
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  receivables and miscellaneous investments at cost or less, net of reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of $3,040
  million and $2,662 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,524  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,878  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,245  
   
  
     
   
  
   35,239  
   
  
 



 
 


 75   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 9. Property, Plant and Equipment and Asset
Retirement Obligations  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
   Property,
  Plant and Equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   347,821  
   
  
     
   
  
   203,822  
   
  
     
   
  
   347,170  
   
  
     
   
  
   205,308  
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,742  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,330  
   
  
     
   
  
   53,327  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,639  
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,481  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,247  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,717  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,918  
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,293  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,206  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,575  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,803  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   447,337  
   
  
     
   
  
   251,605  
   
  
     
   
  
   446,789  
   
  
     
   
  
   252,668  
   
  
 



   

 In the Upstream segment, depreciation is
generally on a unit-of-production basis, so depreciable life will vary by
field. In the Downstream segment, investments in refinery and lubes basestock
manufacturing facilities are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis
over a 25-year life and service station buildings and fixed improvements over a
20-year life. In the Chemical segment, investments in process equipment are
generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over a 20-year life.  

 The
Corporation periodically reviews the estimated asset service life of its
property, plant and equipment. Effective January 1, 2016, the Corporation
revised the estimated asset service life of its investments in process
equipment in the Chemical segment to 25 years. This revision will not have a
material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.  

 Accumulated
depreciation and depletion totaled $195,732 million at the end of 2015 and $194,121
million at the end of 2014. Interest capitalized in 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $482
million, $344 million and $309 million, respectively.  

   

 Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The
Corporation incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values
of these obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which
is typically at the time the assets are installed. In the estimation of fair
value, the Corporation uses assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as
the existence of a legal obligation for an asset retirement obligation;
technical assessments of the assets; estimated amounts and timing of settlements;
discount rates; and inflation rates. Asset retirement obligations incurred in
the current period were Level 3 fair value measurements. The costs associated
with these liabilities are capitalized as part of the related assets and
depreciated as the reserves are produced. Over time, the liabilities are
accreted for the change in their present value.  

 Asset
retirement obligations for downstream and chemical facilities generally become
firm at the time the facilities are permanently shut down and dismantled. These
obligations may include the costs of asset disposal and additional soil
remediation. However, these sites have indeterminate lives based on plans for
continued operations and as such, the fair value of the conditional legal
obligations cannot be measured, since it is impossible to estimate the future
settlement dates of such obligations.  

 The following table summarizes the
activity in the liability for asset retirement obligations:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Beginning
  balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,424  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,988  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion
  expense and other provisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   775  
   
  
     
   
  
   871  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reduction due
  to property sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Payments made 
   
  
     
   
  
   (928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (724) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liabilities
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   283  
   
  
     
   
  
   122  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign
  currency translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   (931) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (908) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,226  
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,704  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,424  
   
  
 



 
 


 76   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 10. Accounting for Suspended Exploratory
Well Costs  

 The
Corporation continues capitalization of exploratory well costs when the
well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a
producing well and the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing
the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project. The term
“project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities
and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment
transparency reports. 

 The
following two tables provide details of the changes in the balance of suspended
exploratory well costs as well as an aging summary of those costs. 

 Change
in capitalized suspended exploratory well costs:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance
  beginning at January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,587  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,679  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions
  pending the determination of proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   847  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,095  
   
  
     
   
  
   293  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Charged to
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reclassifications
  to wells, facilities and equipment based on the 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   determination
  of proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Divestments/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance
  at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,372  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,587  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707  
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance
  attributed to equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   696  
   
  
     
   
  
   645  
   
  
     
   
  
   13  
   
  
 



 
 
 

 Period end capitalized suspended exploratory well costs:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized for
  a period of one year or less 
   
  
     
   
  
   847  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,095  
   
  
     
   
  
   293  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of between one and five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,659  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,705  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of between five and ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   826  
   
  
     
   
  
   544  
   
  
     
   
  
   470  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of greater than ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   313  
   
  
     
   
  
   289  
   
  
     
   
  
   239  
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized for
  a period greater than one year - subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,525  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,492  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,414  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,372  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,587  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707  
   
  
 



   

   

 Exploration
activity often involves drilling multiple wells, over a number of years, to
fully evaluate a project. The table below provides a breakdown of the number of
projects with suspended exploratory well costs which had their first
capitalized well drilled in the preceding 12 months and those that have had
exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than 12 months, which
includes the Rosneft joint venture exploration activity (refer to the relevant
portion of Note 7). 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  projects with first capitalized well drilled in the preceding 12 months 
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  projects that have exploratory well costs capitalized for a period 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of greater than
  12 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   55  
   
  
     
   
  
   53  
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   59  
   
  
     
   
  
   61  
   
  
     
   
  
   58  
   
  
 



   

 Of the 55 projects that have exploratory well costs capitalized
for a period greater than 12 months as of December 31, 2015, 18 projects
have drilling in the preceding 12 months or exploratory activity either planned
in the next two years or subject to sanctions. The remaining 37 projects are
those with completed exploratory activity progressing toward development.  


 


 77   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The table below provides additional detail
for those 37 projects, which total $1,154 million.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
   Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Country/Project 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   Drilled 
   
  
   Comment 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (millions of
  dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Angola 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kaombo Split
  Hub Phase 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   2005 - 2006 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    -
  Perpetua-Zinia-Acacia 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2009 
   
  
    Oil field near
  Pazflor development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
   Australia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - East Pilchard 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2001 
   
  
    Gas field near
  Kipper/Tuna development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    infrastructure.  
   
  
 
   
    - SE Longtom 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010  
   
  
    Gas field near
  Tuna development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
    - SE Remora 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010  
   
  
    Gas field near
  Marlin development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Horn River 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 - 2012 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development alternatives to tie into planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
   Indonesia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Alas Tua West 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Cepu Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2011 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing commercial discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government.  
   
  
 
   
    - Kedung Keris 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Natuna 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   1981 - 1983 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing discussions with the government 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    on contract
  terms pursuant to executed Heads of Agreement. 
   
  
 
   
   Kazakhstan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kairan 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   2004 - 2007 
   
  
    Evaluating
  commercialization and field development alternatives, while continuing  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    discussions
  with the government regarding the development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Kalamkas 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 - 2009 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development alternatives, while continuing discussions with the  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   Malaysia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Bindu 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1995 
   
  
    Awaiting
  capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
   Nigeria 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Bolia 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002 - 2006 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan, while continuing discussions with the government 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    regarding
  regional hub strategy. 
   
  
 
   
    - Bosi 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002 - 2006 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing discussions with the government 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    regarding
  development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Bosi Central 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing discussions with the government 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    regarding
  development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Erha
  Northeast 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Pegi 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009  
   
  
    Awaiting
  capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
    - Satellite
  Field 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
       Development
  Phase 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Other (4
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002  
   
  
    Evaluating and
  pursuing development of several additional discoveries. 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Gamma 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2009 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Lavrans 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1995 - 1999 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan, awaiting capacity in existing Kristin production facility. 
   
  
 
   
    - Other (7
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plans, including potential for tieback to existing production 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    facilities.  
   
  
 
   
   Papua New Guinea 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Juha 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
    Progressing
  development plans to tie into existing LNG facilities. 
   
  
 
   
   Republic of
  Congo 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Mer Tres
  Profonde Sud 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   2000 - 2007 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development alternatives, while continuing discussions with the government 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    regarding
  development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Phyllis 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2004 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Hadrian North 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 - 2013 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Tip Top 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development concept and requisite facility upgrades. 
   
  
 
   
   Total 2015 (37
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 78   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 11. Leased Facilities  

 At
December 31, 2015, the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries held
noncancelable operating charters and leases covering drilling equipment,
tankers, service stations and other properties with minimum undiscounted lease
commitments totaling $4,877 million as indicated in the table. Estimated
related rental income from noncancelable subleases is $32 million.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Lease Payments Under Minimum Commitments 
   
  
   Related 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Drilling Rigs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sublease 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   and Related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Rental 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equipment 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016  
   
  
   827  
   
  
     
   
  
   826  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,653  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
 
   
   2017  
   
  
   408  
   
  
     
   
  
   595  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,003  
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
 
   
   2018  
   
  
   134  
   
  
     
   
  
   421  
   
  
     
   
  
   555  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
   2019  
   
  
   89  
   
  
     
   
  
   255  
   
  
     
   
  
   344  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
   2020  
   
  
   77  
   
  
     
   
  
   188  
   
  
     
   
  
   265  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
   2021 and beyond 
   
  
   86  
   
  
     
   
  
   971  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,057  
   
  
     
   
  
   13  
   
  
 
   
        Total 
   
  
   1,621  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,256  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,877  
   
  
     
   
  
   32  
   
  
 



   

 Net rental cost under both cancelable and noncancelable operating
leases incurred during 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rental cost 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Drilling rigs
  and related equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,853  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,763  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,424  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,120  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,314  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,417  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,973  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,077  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,841  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Less sublease
  rental income 
   
  
     
   
  
   44  
   
  
     
   
  
   52  
   
  
     
   
  
   44  
   
  
 
   
   Net rental cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,929  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,025  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,797  
   
  
 



 
 
 

 12. Earnings Per Share  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted
  average number of common shares outstanding   (millions
  of shares) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,282  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,419  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share   (dollars) (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends paid
  per common share  (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.88  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.70  
   
  
     
   
  
   2.46  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   The earnings per common share and earnings per common share
assuming dilution are the same in each period shown.  

 
 


 79   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 13. Financial Instruments and Derivatives  

 Financial Instruments.  The fair value of financial instruments
is determined by reference to observable market data and other valuation
techniques as appropriate. The only category of financial instruments where the
difference between fair value and recorded book value is notable is long-term
debt. The estimated fair value of total long-term debt, excluding capitalized
lease obligations, was $18.9 billion and $11.7 billion at December 31, 2015,
and 2014, respectively, as compared to recorded book values of $18.7 billion
and $11.3 billion at December 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The increase in
the estimated fair value and book value of long-term debt reflects the Corporation’s
issuance of $8.0 billion of long-term debt in the first quarter of 2015.  

 The fair value of long-term debt by
hierarchy level at December 31, 2015, is: Level 1 $18,584 million; Level 2 $208
million; and Level 3 $62 million.   

 Derivative Instruments.  The Corporation’s size, strong capital
structure, geographic diversity and the complementary nature of the Upstream,
Downstream and Chemical businesses reduce the Corporation’s enterprise-wide
risk from changes in interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices. As a
result, the Corporation makes limited use of derivatives to mitigate the impact
of such changes. The Corporation does not engage in speculative derivative
activities or derivative trading activities nor does it use derivatives with
leveraged features. When the Corporation does enter into derivative
transactions, it is to offset exposures associated with interest rates, foreign
currency exchange rates and hydrocarbon prices that arise from existing assets,
liabilities and forecasted transactions.   

 The
estimated fair value of derivative instruments outstanding and recorded on the
balance sheet was a net asset of $21 million at year-end 2015 and a net asset
of $75 million at year-end 2014. Assets and liabilities associated with
derivatives are usually recorded either in “Other current assets” or “Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities.”  

 The
Corporation’s fair value measurement of its derivative instruments use either
Level 1 or Level 2 inputs.  

 The
Corporation recognized a before-tax gain or (loss) related to derivative
instruments of $39 million, $110 million and $(7) million during 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively. Income statement effects associated with derivatives are
usually recorded either in “Sales and other operating revenue” or “Crude oil
and product purchases.”   

 The
Corporation believes there are no material market or credit risks to the
Corporation’s financial position, results of operations or liquidity as a
result of the derivative activities described above.  

 
 


 80   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 14. Long-Term Debt  

 At
December 31, 2015, long-term debt consisted of $19,217 million due
in U.S. dollars and $708 million representing the U.S. dollar equivalent
at year-end exchange rates of amounts payable in foreign currencies. These
amounts exclude that portion of long-term debt, totaling $558 million, which
matures within one year and is included in current liabilities. The increase in
the book value of long-term debt reflects the Corporation’s issuance of $8.0
billion of long-term debt in the first quarter of 2015. The amounts of
long-term debt, including capitalized lease obligations, maturing in each of
the four years after December 31, 2016, in millions of dollars, are: 2017
– $2,959; 2018 – $2,967; 2019 – $2,374; and 2020 – $1,602.
At December 31, 2015, the Corporation’s unused long-term credit lines were $0.4
billion. 

 Summarized
long-term debt at year-end 2015 and 2014 are shown in the table below:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
         (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exxon Mobil
  Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.921% notes
  due 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2017  (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   750  
   
  
     
   
  
   750  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2018  (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.305% notes
  due 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,600  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.819% notes
  due 2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2019  (3)  
   
  
     
   
  
   500  
   
  
     
   
  
   500  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.912% notes
  due 2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.397% notes
  due 2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,150  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2022  (4)  
   
  
     
   
  
   500  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.176% notes
  due 2024 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.709% notes
  due 2025 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.567% notes
  due 2045 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   XTO Energy Inc.
   (5)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.650% senior
  notes due 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   207  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.250% senior
  notes due 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   465  
   
  
     
   
  
   477  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.500% senior
  notes due 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   377  
   
  
     
   
  
   383  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.500% senior
  notes due 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   463  
   
  
     
   
  
   474  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.100% senior
  notes due 2036 
   
  
     
   
  
   198  
   
  
     
   
  
   199  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.750% senior
  notes due 2037 
   
  
     
   
  
   307  
   
  
     
   
  
   309  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.375% senior
  notes due 2038 
   
  
     
   
  
   235  
   
  
     
   
  
   236  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mobil Producing
  Nigeria Unlimited  (6)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable notes
  due 2016-2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   101  
   
  
     
   
  
   399  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Esso (Thailand)
  Public Company Ltd.   (7)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Variable notes
  due 2016-2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   83  
   
  
     
   
  
   121  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mobil
  Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.625%
  debentures due 2021 
   
  
     
   
  
   249  
   
  
     
   
  
   249  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Industrial
  revenue bonds due 2017-2051  (8)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,611  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,611  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other U.S.
  dollar obligations  (9)  
   
  
     
   
  
   97  
   
  
     
   
  
   104  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other foreign
  currency obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized
  lease obligations   (10)  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,238  
   
  
     
   
  
   375  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653  
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

   

 (1)   Average effective interest rate of
0.3% in 2015 and 0.3% in 2014. 

 (2)   Average effective interest rate of
0.4% in 2015. 

 (3)   Average effective interest rate of
0.5% in 2015 and 0.4% in 2014. 

 (4)   Average effective interest rate of
0.7% in 2015. 

 (5)   Includes premiums of $179 million in
2015 and $219 million in 2014. 

 (6)   Average effective interest rate of
4.6% in 2015 and 4.5% in 2014.  

 (7)   Average effective interest rate of 2.1%
in 2015 and 2.4% in 2014.  

 (8)   Average effective interest rate of 0.02%
in 2015 and 0.03% in 2014.  

 (9)   Average effective interest rate of
3.8% in 2015 and 4.2% in 2014. 

 (10) Average imputed interest rate of 9.2%
in 2015 and 7.0% in 2014. 

 
 


 81   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 15. Incentive Program  

 The 2003 Incentive Program provides for grants of stock
options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock and other forms of
award. Awards may be granted to eligible employees of the Corporation and those
affiliates at least 50 percent owned. Outstanding awards are subject to certain
forfeiture provisions contained in the program or award instrument. Options and
SARs may be granted at prices not less than 100 percent of market value on the
date of grant and have a maximum life of 10 years. The maximum number of shares
of stock that may be issued under the 2003 Incentive Program is 220 million.
Awards that are forfeited, expire or are settled in cash, do not count against
this maximum limit. The 2003 Incentive Program does not have a specified term.
New awards may be made until the available shares are depleted, unless the
Board terminates the plan early. At the end of 2015, remaining shares available
for award under the 2003 Incentive Program were 100   million.
  

 Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units.  Awards totaling 9,681 thousand, 9,775 thousand, and 9,729 thousand
of restricted (nonvested) common stock units were granted in 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. Compensation expense for these awards is based on the price of
the stock at the date of grant and is recognized in income over the requisite
service period. Shares for these awards are issued to employees from treasury
stock. The units that are settled in cash are recorded as liabilities and their
changes in fair value are recognized over the vesting period. During the
applicable restricted periods, the shares and units may not be sold or transferred
and are subject to forfeiture. The majority of the awards have graded vesting
periods, with 50 percent of the shares and units in each award vesting after
three years and the remaining 50 percent vesting after seven years. Awards
granted to a small number of senior executives have vesting periods of five
years for 50 percent of the award and of 10 years or retirement, whichever
occurs later, for the remaining 50 percent of the award.  

 The
Corporation has purchased shares in the open market and through negotiated
transactions to offset shares issued in conjunction with benefit plans and
programs. Purchases may be discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

 The
following tables summarize information about restricted stock and restricted
stock units for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted Average 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Grant-Date 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted
  stock and units outstanding 
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value per Share 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (thousands) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issued and
  outstanding at January 1 
   
  
   44,439  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81.45  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 award
  issued in 2015 
   
  
   9,758  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95.20  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Vested 
   
  
   (9,945) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79.86  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited 
   
  
   (189) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82.26  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issued and
  outstanding at December 31 
   
  
   44,063  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84.85  
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  restricted stock and units 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
   Grant price 
  (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   81.27  
   
  
     
   
  
   95.20  
   
  
     
   
  
   94.47  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value at date
  of grant: 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted
  stock and units settled in stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   727  
   
  
     
   
  
   858  
   
  
     
   
  
   843  
   
  
 
   
   Units settled
  in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   60  
   
  
     
   
  
   73  
   
  
     
   
  
   76  
   
  
 
   
   Total value 
   
  
     
   
  
   787  
   
  
     
   
  
   931  
   
  
     
   
  
   919  
   
  
 



   

 As of December 31, 2015, there was $2,222
million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested restricted
awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 4.5 years. The compensation cost charged against income for the restricted
stock and restricted stock units was $855 million, $831 million and $854
million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The income tax benefit
recognized in income related to this compensation expense was $78 million, $76
million and $78 million for the same periods, respectively. The fair value of
shares and units vested in 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $808 million, $946 million
and $1,040 million, respectively. Cash payments of $64 million, $73 million and
$67 million for vested restricted stock units settled in cash were made in 2015,
2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 
 


 82   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 16. Litigation and Other Contingencies  

 Litigation.
 A variety of claims have
been made against ExxonMobil and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a
number of pending lawsuits. Management has regular litigation reviews,
including updates from corporate and outside counsel, to assess the need for accounting
recognition or disclosure of these contingencies. The Corporation accrues an
undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss
is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If a range of amounts
can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate
than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued. The
Corporation does not record liabilities when the likelihood that the liability
has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated or
when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. For
contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and which are
significant, the Corporation discloses the nature of the contingency and, where
feasible, an estimate of the possible loss. For purposes of our contingency
disclosures, “significant” includes material matters as well as other matters
which management believes should be disclosed. ExxonMobil will continue to
defend itself vigorously in these matters. Based on a consideration of all
relevant facts and circumstances, the Corporation does not believe the ultimate
outcome of any currently pending lawsuit against ExxonMobil will have a
material adverse effect upon the Corporation’s operations, financial condition,
or financial statements taken as a whole. 

 Other
Contingencies.  The
Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently
liable at December 31, 2015, for guarantees relating to notes, loans
and performance under contracts. Where guarantees for environmental remediation
and other similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts reflect
management’s estimate of the maximum potential exposure.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Company 
   
  
   Other Third-Party 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligations  (1)  
   
  
   Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt-related 
   
  
     
   
  
   98  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   133  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,539  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,553  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,092  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,637  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,588  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,225  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1)
  ExxonMobil share. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Additionally, the Corporation and its affiliates have numerous
long-term sales and purchase commitments in their various business activities,
all of which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material
to the Corporation’s operations or financial condition. Unconditional purchase
obligations as defined by accounting standards are those long-term commitments
that are noncancelable or cancelable only under certain conditions, and that
third parties have used to secure financing for the facilities that will
provide the contracted goods or services. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments Due by Period 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017- 
   
  
   2021 and 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
   Beyond 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unconditional
  purchase obligations  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   133  
   
  
     
   
  
   493  
   
  
     
   
  
   310  
   
  
     
   
  
   936  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Undiscounted obligations of $936 million mainly pertain to
pipeline throughput agreements and include $411 million of obligations to
equity companies. The present value of these commitments, which excludes
imputed interest of $144 million, totaled $792 million.  

 
 


 83   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 In accordance
with a nationalization decree issued by Venezuela’s president in February 2007,
by May 1, 2007, a subsidiary of the Venezuelan National Oil Company (PdVSA)
assumed the operatorship of the Cerro Negro Heavy Oil Project. This Project had
been operated and owned by ExxonMobil affiliates holding a 41.67 percent
ownership interest in the Project. The decree also required conversion of the
Cerro Negro Project into a “mixed enterprise” and an increase in PdVSA’s or one
of its affiliate’s ownership interest in the Project, with the stipulation that
if ExxonMobil refused to accept the terms for the formation of the mixed
enterprise within a specified period of time, the government would “directly
assume the activities” carried out by the joint venture. ExxonMobil refused to
accede to the terms proffered by the government, and on June 27, 2007, the
government expropriated ExxonMobil’s 41.67 percent interest in the Cerro Negro
Project. 

 On September 6, 2007, affiliates of
ExxonMobil filed a Request for Arbitration with the International Centre for
Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID). The ICSID Tribunal issued a decision
on June 10, 2010, finding that it had jurisdiction to proceed on the basis of
the Netherlands-Venezuela Bilateral Investment Treaty. On October 9, 2014, the
ICSID Tribunal issued its final award finding in favor of the ExxonMobil affiliates
and awarding $1.6 billion as of the date of expropriation, June 27, 2007, and
interest from that date at 3.25% compounded annually until the date of payment
in full. The Tribunal also noted that one of the Cerro Negro Project agreements
provides a mechanism to prevent double recovery between the ICSID award and all
or part of an earlier award of $908 million to an ExxonMobil affiliate, Mobil
Cerro Negro, Ltd., against PdVSA and a PdVSA affiliate, PdVSA CN, in an
arbitration under the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce.  

 On
June 12, 2015, the Tribunal rejected in its entirety Venezuela’s October 23,
2014, application to revise the ICSID award. The Tribunal also lifted the
associated stay of enforcement that had been entered upon the filing of the
application to revise.  

 Still
pending is Venezuela’s February 2, 2015, application to ICSID seeking annulment
of the ICSID award. That application alleges that, in issuing the ICSID award,
the Tribunal exceeded its powers, failed to state reasons on which the ICSID
award was based, and departed from a fundamental rule of procedure. A separate
stay of the ICSID award was entered following the filing of the annulment
application. On July 7, 2015, the ICSID Committee considering the annulment
application heard arguments from the parties on whether to lift the stay of the
award associated with that application. On July 28, 2015, the Committee issued
an order that would lift the stay of enforcement unless, within 30 days,
Venezuela delivered a commitment to pay the award if the application to annul
is denied. On September 17, 2015, the Committee ruled that Venezuela had
complied with the requirement to submit a written commitment to pay the award
and so left the stay of enforcement in place. A hearing on Venezuela’s application
for annulment, previously scheduled for January 25-27, 2016, has been
rescheduled for March 8-9, 2016.   

 The
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York entered
judgment on the ICSID award on October 10, 2014. Motions filed by Venezuela to
vacate that judgment on procedural grounds and to modify the judgment by
reducing the rate of interest to be paid on the ICSID award from the entry of
the court’s judgment, until the date of payment, were denied on February 13,
2015, and March 4, 2015, respectively. On March 9, 2015, Venezuela filed a
notice of appeal of the court’s actions on the two motions. Oral arguments on
this appeal were held before the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit on January 7, 2016. 

 The
District Court’s judgment on the ICSID award is currently stayed until such
time as ICSID’s stay of the award entered following Venezuela’s filing of its
application to annul has been lifted. The net impact of these matters on the
Corporation’s consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably estimated.
Regardless, the Corporation does not expect the resolution to have a material
effect upon the Corporation’s operations or financial condition.  

 An
affiliate of ExxonMobil is one of the Contractors under a Production Sharing
Contract (PSC) with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) covering
the Erha block located in the offshore waters of Nigeria. ExxonMobil's
affiliate is the operator of the block and owns a 56.25 percent interest under
the PSC. The Contractors are in dispute with NNPC regarding NNPC's lifting of
crude oil in excess of its entitlement under the terms of the PSC. In
accordance with the terms of the PSC, the Contractors initiated arbitration in
Abuja, Nigeria, under the Nigerian Arbitration and Conciliation Act. On October
24, 2011, a three-member arbitral Tribunal issued an award upholding the Contractors'
position in all material respects and awarding damages to the Contractors
jointly in an amount of approximately $1.8 billion plus $234 million in accrued
interest. The Contractors petitioned a Nigerian federal court for enforcement
of the award, and NNPC petitioned the same court to have the award set aside.
On May 22, 2012, the court set aside the award. The Contractors appealed that
judgment to the Court of Appeal, Abuja Judicial Division. In June 2013, the
Contractors filed a lawsuit against NNPC in the Nigerian federal high court in
order to preserve their ability to seek enforcement of the PSC in the courts if
necessary. In October 2014, the Contractors filed suit in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York to enforce, if necessary,
the arbitration award against NNPC assets residing within that jurisdiction.
NNPC has moved to dismiss the lawsuit. Proceedings in the Southern District of
New York are currently stayed. At this time, the net impact of this matter on
the Corporation's consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably
estimated. However, regardless of the outcome of enforcement proceedings, the
Corporation does not expect the proceedings to have a material effect upon the
Corporation's operations or financial condition.   

 
 


 84   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 17. Pension and Other Postretirement
Benefits  

 The
benefit obligations and plan assets associated with the Corporation’s principal
benefit plans are measured on December 31.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted-average
  assumptions used to determine 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   benefit obligations
  at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Discount rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.60  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.10  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of compensation increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.80  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefit
  obligation at January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,529  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,304  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,047  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,357  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,436  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,868  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   864  
   
  
     
   
  
   677  
   
  
     
   
  
   689  
   
  
     
   
  
   590  
   
  
     
   
  
   170  
   
  
     
   
  
   140  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   785  
   
  
     
   
  
   807  
   
  
     
   
  
   850  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,138  
   
  
     
   
  
   346  
   
  
     
   
  
   383  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Actuarial
  loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,192  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,517) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,929  
   
  
     
   
  
   (617) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefits paid  (1) (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,050) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,427) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,287) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,366) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (482) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (525) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign
  exchange rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,242) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,540) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amendments,
  divestments and other 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (423) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (465) 
   
  
     
   
  
   96  
   
  
 
   
   Benefit
  obligation at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,583  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,529  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,117  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,047  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,282  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,436  
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,666  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,385  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,362  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,318  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 



   

 (1)     Benefit
payments for funded and unfunded plans. 

 (2)     For 2015 and 2014, other postretirement benefits paid are
net of $15 million and $21 million of Medicare subsidy receipts, respectively. 

   

 For selection of the discount rate for
U.S. plans, several sources of information are considered, including interest
rate market indicators and the discount rate determined by use of a yield curve
based on high-quality, noncallable bonds with cash flows that match estimated
outflows for benefit payments. For major non-U.S. plans, the discount rate is
determined by using bond portfolios with an average maturity approximating that
of the liabilities or spot yield curves, both of which are constructed
using high-quality, local-currency-denominated bonds.  

 The measurement of the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation assumes a health care cost trend rate of 4.5
percent in 2017 and subsequent years. A one-percentage-point increase in the health
care cost trend rate would increase service and interest cost by $88 million
and the postretirement benefit obligation by $963 million. A one-percentage-point
decrease in the health care cost trend rate would decrease service and interest
cost by $66 million and the postretirement benefit obligation by $764 million. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fair value at
  January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,915  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,190  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,095  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,283  
   
  
     
   
  
   468  
   
  
     
   
  
   620  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Actual return
  on plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (307) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,497  
   
  
     
   
  
   918  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,153  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   41  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign
  exchange rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,738) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Company
  contribution 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476  
   
  
     
   
  
   515  
   
  
     
   
  
   554  
   
  
     
   
  
   42  
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefits paid 
   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,623) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (890) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (912) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (224) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (112) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (245) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
   Fair value at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,985  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,915  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,417  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,095  
   
  
     
   
  
   414  
   
  
     
   
  
   468  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Benefit payments for funded plans.  

 
 


 85   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The funding levels of all qualified
pension plans are in compliance with standards set by applicable law or
regulation. As shown in the table below, certain smaller U.S. pension plans and
a number of non-U.S. pension plans are not funded because local tax conventions
and regulatory practices do not encourage funding of these plans. All
defined benefit pension obligations, regardless of the funding status
of the underlying plans, are fully supported by the financial strength
of the Corporation or the respective sponsoring affiliate.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets in
  excess of/(less than) benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Funded plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,782) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,590) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (588) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,113) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unfunded plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,816) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,024) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,112) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,839) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,598) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,700) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,952) 
   
  
 



   

 The authoritative guidance for defined
benefit pension and other postretirement plans requires an employer to
recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit
postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position
and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes
occur through other comprehensive income.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets in
  excess of/(less than) benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance at
  December 31   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,598) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,700) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,952) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,868) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,968) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  recorded in the consolidated balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   sheet consist
  of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   454  
   
  
     
   
  
   302  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (311) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (340) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (299) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (325) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (363) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (369) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,287) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,274) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,855) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,929) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,599) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,598) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,700) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,952) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,868) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,968) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  recorded in accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income consist of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,138  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,589  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,413  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,642  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,171  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,997  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   21  
   
  
     
   
  
   27  
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   429  
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51  
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,159  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,616  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,330  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,071  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,711  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,048  
   
  
 



   

 (1)     Fair value of assets less benefit obligation shown on the
preceding page.     

 
 


 86   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The long-term
expected rate of return on funded assets shown below is established for each
benefit plan by developing a forward-looking, long-term return assumption for
each asset class, taking into account factors such as the expected real
return for the specific asset class and inflation. A single, long-term rate of
return is then calculated as the weighted average of the target asset
allocation percentages and the long-term return assumption for each asset class. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted-average
  assumptions used to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   determine net
  periodic benefit cost for 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   years ended
  December 31 
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Discount rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.10  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   3.80  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of return on funded assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.25  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.25  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.90  
   
  
     
   
  
   6.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   6.40  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.00  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.25  
   
  
     
   
  
   7.25  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of compensation increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.30  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.40  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.50  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Components of
  net periodic benefit cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   864  
   
  
     
   
  
   677  
   
  
     
   
  
   801  
   
  
     
   
  
   689  
   
  
     
   
  
   590  
   
  
     
   
  
   697  
   
  
     
   
  
   170  
   
  
     
   
  
   140  
   
  
     
   
  
   176  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   785  
   
  
     
   
  
   807  
   
  
     
   
  
   749  
   
  
     
   
  
   850  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,138  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,076  
   
  
     
   
  
   346  
   
  
     
   
  
   383  
   
  
     
   
  
   352  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Expected return
  on plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (830) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (799) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (835) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,094) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,193) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  actuarial loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   544  
   
  
     
   
  
   409  
   
  
     
   
  
   646  
   
  
     
   
  
   730  
   
  
     
   
  
   628  
   
  
     
   
  
   852  
   
  
     
   
  
   206  
   
  
     
   
  
   116  
   
  
     
   
  
   228  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  prior service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   87  
   
  
     
   
  
   120  
   
  
     
   
  
   117  
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   21  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net pension
  enhancement and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
      
  curtailment/settlement cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   499  
   
  
     
   
  
   276  
   
  
     
   
  
   723  
   
  
     
   
  
    22   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   22  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,378  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,091  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,284  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,283  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,636  
   
  
     
   
  
   670  
   
  
     
   
  
   616  
   
  
     
   
  
   736  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  amounts recorded in accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   other
  comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   592  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,494  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,375) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,969  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,938) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (589) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,518  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,290) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  actuarial (loss)/gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,043) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (685) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,369) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (752) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (628) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (874) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (206) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (228) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost/(credit) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30  
   
  
     
   
  
   (535) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  prior service (cost)/credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24  
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign
  exchange rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (457) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,776  
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,678) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,741) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,463  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,054) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,337) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,549) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in net periodic benefit cost and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
       other
  comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,411  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,154  
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,457) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,746  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,418) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (667) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,996  
   
  
     
   
  
   (813) 
   
  
 



   

 Costs for defined contribution plans were
$405 million, $393 million and $392 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.  

 
 


 87   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A summary of
the change in accumulated other comprehensive income is shown in the table
below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Pension and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   457  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,776) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,678  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S.
  pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,741  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,463) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,054  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  postretirement benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,549  
   
  
 
   
   Total (charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,535  
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,619) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,281  
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to income tax (see Note 4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,810) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,549  
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,336) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to investment in equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81  
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49  
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income including noncontrolling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   interests,
  after tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,806  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,994  
   
  
 
   
   Charge/(credit)
  to equity of noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (202) 
   
  
     
   
  
   85  
   
  
     
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604  
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,715  
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation’s investment strategy for
benefit plan assets reflects a long-term view, a careful assessment of the
risks inherent in various asset classes and broad diversification to reduce the
risk of the portfolio. The benefit plan assets are primarily invested in
passive equity and fixed income index funds to diversify risk while
minimizing costs. The equity funds hold ExxonMobil stock only to the extent
necessary to replicate the relevant equity index. The fixed income funds are
largely invested in high-quality corporate and government debt securities.  

 Studies
are periodically conducted to establish the preferred target asset allocation
percentages. The target asset allocation for the U.S. benefit plans and the major
non-U.S. plans is 40 percent equity securities and 60 percent debt securities.
The equity targets for the U.S. and non-U.S. plans include an allocation to
private equity partnerships that primarily focus on early-stage venture capital
of 5 percent and 3 percent, respectively.  

 The
fair value measurement levels are accounting terms that refer to different
methods of valuing assets. The terms do not represent the relative risk or
credit quality of an investment.  

 
 


 88   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The 2015 fair value of the benefit plan assets, including the
level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the tables below: 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2015, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2015, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   1,992  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,992  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,179  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,179  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   1,775  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,775  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   179  
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   3,429  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,608  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   595  
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   595  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581  
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   581  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   4,161  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,161  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,561  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,561  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   2,394  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,394  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   243  
   
  
    (5)  
   
  
   8,125  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,368  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Real estate
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
    (6)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12  
   
  
    (7)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23  
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   10,375  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   595  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,970  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   433  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,377  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,391  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Insurance
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at contract
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26  
   
  
 
   
   Total plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,985  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,417  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   For U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities held in the form of
fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date, the unit value is
treated as a Level 2 input. The fair value of the securities owned by the funds
is based on observable quoted prices on active exchanges, which are Level 1
inputs. 

 (2)   For non-U.S. equity securities held
in separate accounts, fair value is based on observable quoted prices on active
exchanges.  

 (3)   For private equity, fair value is
generally established by using revenue or earnings multiples or other relevant
market data including Initial Public Offerings.  

 (4)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

 (5)   For corporate and government debt
securities that are traded on active exchanges, fair value is based on
observable quoted prices.  

 (6)   For cash balances held in the form
of short-term fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date, the fair
value is treated as a Level 2 input. 

 (7)   For cash balances that are subject
to withdrawal penalties or other adjustments, the fair value is treated as a
Level 2 input. 

     


 


 89   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2015, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   96  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   96  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79  
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170  
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   414  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   414  
   
  
 



   

 (1)  For U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities held in the form of
fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date, the unit value is
treated as a Level 2 input. The fair value of the securities owned by the funds
is based on observable quoted prices on active exchanges, which are Level 1
inputs. 

 (2)  For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

   

 The change in the fair value in 2015 of Level 3 assets that use
significant unobservable inputs to measure fair value is shown in the table
below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Private 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Private 
   
  
     
   
  
   Real 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Private 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Estate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value at
  January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   562  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   535  
   
  
     
   
  
   57  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net realized
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26  
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net unrealized
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   106  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  purchases/(sales) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   595  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 90   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The 2014 fair value of the benefit plan
assets, including the level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the
tables below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2014, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2014, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   2,331  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,331  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,284  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,284  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   2,144  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,144  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   229  
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   3,776  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,005  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   562  
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   562  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   535  
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   535  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   4,841  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,841  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   2,686  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,686  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   2,890  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,890  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   249  
   
  
    (5)  
   
  
   9,050  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,299  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   146  
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   146  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Real estate
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57  
   
  
    (6)  
   
  
   57  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   131  
   
  
    (7)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   131  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
    (8)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56  
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   12,342  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   562  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,904  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   503  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,973  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   592  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,068  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Insurance
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at contract
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27  
   
  
 
   
   Total plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,915  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,095  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   For U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities held in the form of
fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date, the unit value is
treated as a Level 2 input. The fair value of the securities owned by the funds
is based on observable quoted prices on active exchanges, which are Level 1
inputs.  

 (2)   For non-U.S. equity securities held
in separate accounts, fair value is based on observable quoted prices on active
exchanges.  

 (3)   For private equity, fair value is
generally established by using revenue or earnings multiples or other relevant
market data including Initial Public Offerings.  

 (4)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

 (5)   For corporate and government debt
securities that are traded on active exchanges, fair value is based on
observable quoted prices.  

 (6)   For real estate funds, fair value is
based on appraised values developed using comparable market transactions.  

 (7)   For cash balances held in the form
of short-term fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date, the fair
value is treated as a Level 2 input. 

 (8)   For cash balances that are subject
to withdrawal penalties or other adjustments, the fair value is treated as a
Level 2 input. 

     

    


 


 91   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2014, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75  
   
  
    (1)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   103  
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   103  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   171  
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   171  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   466  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   468  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   For U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities held in the form of
fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date, the unit value is
treated as a Level 2 input. The fair value of the securities owned by the funds
is based on observable quoted prices on active exchanges, which are Level 1
inputs.  

 (2)   For private equity, fair value is
generally established by using revenue or earnings multiples or other relevant
market data including Initial Public Offerings.  

 (3)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

   

 The change in the fair value in 2014 of Level 3 assets that use
significant unobservable inputs to measure fair value is shown in the table
below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Private 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Private 
   
  
     
   
  
   Real 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Private 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Estate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value at
  January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   523  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   502  
   
  
     
   
  
   136  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net realized
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23  
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net unrealized
  gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   89  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  purchases/(sales) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   562  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   535  
   
  
     
   
  
   57  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 92   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A summary of pension plans with an
accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets is shown in the table
below:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   For  funded  
  pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   in excess of
  plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Projected
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,767  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,505  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,827  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,031  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,913  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,493  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,373  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,590  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fair value of
  plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,985  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,915  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,890  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For  unfunded  
  pension plans: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Projected
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,816  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,024  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,112  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,839  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,753  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,892  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,290  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,573  
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Estimated 2016
  amortization from accumulated other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain)   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   930  
   
  
     
   
  
   543  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   152  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost   (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   55  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   The Corporation amortizes the net balance of actuarial
losses/(gains) as a component of net periodic benefit cost over the average
remaining service period of active plan participants.  

 (2)   The Corporation amortizes prior
service cost on a straight-line basis as permitted under authoritative guidance
for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Medicare 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidy Receipt 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contributions
  expected in 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,000  
   
  
     
   
  
   525  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefit
  payments expected in: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,548  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,145  
   
  
     
   
  
   457  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,491  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128  
   
  
     
   
  
   470  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,411  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178  
   
  
     
   
  
   481  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2019  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,382  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193  
   
  
     
   
  
   490  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2020  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,342  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,227  
   
  
     
   
  
   497  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2021 - 2025 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,594  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,359  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,518  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170  
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 18. Disclosures about Segments and Related
Information  

 The
Upstream, Downstream and Chemical functions best define the operating segments
of the business that are reported separately. The factors used to identify
these reportable segments are based on the nature of the operations that are
undertaken by each segment. The Upstream segment is organized and operates to
explore for and produce crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream segment is
organized and operates to manufacture and sell petroleum products. The Chemical
segment is organized and operates to manufacture and sell petrochemicals. These
segments are broadly understood across the petroleum and petrochemical
industries.  

 These
functions have been defined as the operating segments of the Corporation
because they are the segments (1) that engage in business activities from
which revenues are earned and expenses are incurred; (2) whose operating
results are regularly reviewed by the Corporation’s chief operating decision
maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to
assess its performance; and (3) for which discrete financial information
is available.  

 Earnings
after income tax include transfers at estimated market prices.  


 


 93   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 In corporate and financing activities,
interest revenue relates to interest earned on cash deposits and
marketable securities. Interest expense includes non-debt-related
interest expense of $100 million and $129 million in 2015 and 2014,
respectively. For 2013, non-debt-related interest expense was a net credit of
$123 million, primarily reflecting the effect of credits from the favorable
resolution of prior year tax positions. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financing 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,079) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,180  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,656  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   226  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,831  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170  
   
  
     
   
  
   444  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   144  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,235  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,644  
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,241  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,812  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73,063  
   
  
     
   
  
   134,230  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,880  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,254  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   259,488  
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,344  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,839  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,440  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,166  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,442  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,168  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   274  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,301  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,227  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   664  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,003  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   375  
   
  
     
   
  
   654  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   824  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,048  
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46  
   
  
     
   
  
   46  
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   26  
   
  
     
   
  
   27  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   245  
   
  
     
   
  
   311  
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,703  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   866  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,325  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   646  
   
  
     
   
  
   633  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415  
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,915  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,561  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   916  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,477  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,865  
   
  
     
   
  
   629  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,475  
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,160  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,980  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,179  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   125  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,025  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,337  
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   93,648  
   
  
     
   
  
   155,316  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,498  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,808  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,174  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,236  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,078  
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,351  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,804  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,235  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,859  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29  
   
  
     
   
  
   82  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   186  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,377  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,323  
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,826  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,336  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   118,771  
   
  
     
   
  
   199,976  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,115  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,063  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18  
   
  
     
   
  
   394,105  
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,723  
   
  
     
   
  
   38,846  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,281  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,231  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,117  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,098  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   274  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,139  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,523  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   654  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,228  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   370  
   
  
     
   
  
   645  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   738  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,297  
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75  
   
  
     
   
  
   75  
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   40  
   
  
     
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   219  
   
  
     
   
  
   286  
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,300  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,165  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   610  
   
  
     
   
  
   968  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032  
   
  
     
   
  
   358  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,418) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,015  
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,098  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,225  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,050  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,356  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,564  
   
  
     
   
  
   564  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,399  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,256  
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,089  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,877  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,006  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   258  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,026  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,017  
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,555  
   
  
     
   
  
   161,033  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,371  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,299  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,798  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,449  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,988  
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,191  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,650  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,538) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580  
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,576  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,627  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   189  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,422  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (449) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,927  
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,712  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,349  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   123,802  
   
  
     
   
  
   218,904  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,295  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,753  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21  
   
  
     
   
  
   420,836  
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,343  
   
  
     
   
  
   45,761  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,781  
   
  
     
   
  
   52,624  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,993  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,232  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   285  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,170  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,277  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   633  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,390  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   378  
   
  
     
   
  
   632  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   702  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,182  
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   87  
   
  
     
   
  
   87  
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   30  
   
  
     
   
  
   26  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,554  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   721  
   
  
     
   
  
   481  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   989  
   
  
     
   
  
   363  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,042) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,263  
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,075  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   616  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,072  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   840  
   
  
     
   
  
   272  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,386  
   
  
     
   
  
   37,741  
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,975  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,740  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,749  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   217  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,103  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,619  
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,698  
   
  
     
   
  
   157,465  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,261  
   
  
     
   
  
   40,661  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,816  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,659  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,248  
   
  
     
   
  
   346,808  
   
  
 



   

 (1)  Sales
and other operating revenue includes sales-based taxes of $22,678 million for
2015, $29,342 million for 2014 and $30,589 million for 2013. See Note 1,
Summary of Accounting Policies.  

     


 


 94   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
   Geographic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and
  other operating revenue    (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,184  
   
  
     
   
  
   148,713  
   
  
     
   
  
   152,820  
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,304  
   
  
     
   
  
   245,392  
   
  
     
   
  
   268,016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,488  
   
  
     
   
  
   394,105  
   
  
     
   
  
   420,836  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Significant
  non-U.S. revenue sources include:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,651  
   
  
     
   
  
   31,346  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,061  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,876  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,072  
   
  
     
   
  
   35,924  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,795  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,880  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,273  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,154  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,953  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,973  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,808  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,639  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,444  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,790  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,407  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,623  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,045  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,816  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,701  
   
  
 



   

 (1)  Sales and other operating revenue includes sales-based taxes
of $22,678 million for 2015, $29,342 million for 2014 and $30,589 million for
2013. See Note 1, Summary of Accounting Policies.  

   

 
  
   
   Long-lived
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,039  
   
  
     
   
  
   104,000  
   
  
     
   
  
   98,271  
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,566  
   
  
     
   
  
   148,668  
   
  
     
   
  
   145,379  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,605  
   
  
     
   
  
   252,668  
   
  
     
   
  
   243,650  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Significant
  non-U.S. long-lived assets include: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,775  
   
  
     
   
  
   43,858  
   
  
     
   
  
   41,522  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,894  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,328  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,258  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nigeria 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,222  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,265  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,343  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Kazakhstan 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,705  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,138  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,530  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,681  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,620  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,570  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Angola 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,777  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,057  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,262  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Papua New
  Guinea 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,985  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,099  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,768  
   
  
 



 
 


 95   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 19. Income, Sales-Based and Other Taxes  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Federal and
  non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Current 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   7,126  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,126  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,456  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,755  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,211  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,073  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,115  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,188  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,166) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,737) 
   
  
     
   
  
   900  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,398  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,298  
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
     
   
  
   757  
   
  
     
   
  
   641  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. tax on
  non-U.S. operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   38  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   38  
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   37  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   37  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total federal
  and non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,555  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,427  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,361  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,153  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,514  
   
  
     
   
  
   994  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,872  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,866  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   State  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (499) 
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   (499) 
   
  
     
   
  
   397  
   
  
     
   
  
    -   
   
  
     
   
  
   397  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,555  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,862  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,153  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,015  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,391  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,872  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,263  
   
  
 
   
   Sales-based
  taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,402  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,276  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,678  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,310  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,032  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,342  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,992  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,597  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,589  
   
  
 
   
   All other taxes
  and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other taxes and
  duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   162  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,103  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,265  
   
  
     
   
  
   378  
   
  
     
   
  
   31,908  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,286  
   
  
     
   
  
   955  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,275  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,230  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Included in
  production and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   manufacturing
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,157  
   
  
     
   
  
   828  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,985  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,179  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,633  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,318  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,182  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Included in
  SG&A expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   150  
   
  
     
   
  
   390  
   
  
     
   
  
   540  
   
  
     
   
  
   155  
   
  
     
   
  
   441  
   
  
     
   
  
   596  
   
  
     
   
  
   150  
   
  
     
   
  
   516  
   
  
     
   
  
   666  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total other
  taxes and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,469  
   
  
     
   
  
   28,321  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,790  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,987  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,528  
   
  
     
   
  
   35,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,423  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,973  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,396  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,731  
   
  
     
   
  
   51,152  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,883  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,159  
   
  
     
   
  
   72,713  
   
  
     
   
  
   82,872  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,806  
   
  
     
   
  
   81,442  
   
  
     
   
  
   91,248  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   In 2014, state taxes included a favorable adjustment of
deferred taxes of approximately $830 million.  

   

 All other taxes and duties include taxes
reported in production and manufacturing and selling, general and
administrative (SG&A) expenses. The above provisions for deferred income
taxes include a net charge of $177 million in 2015 and net credits of $40
million in 2014 and $310 million in 2013 for the effect of changes in tax laws
and rates.  

   

 The reconciliation between income tax expense and a theoretical
U.S. tax computed by applying a rate of 35 percent for 2015, 2014 and 2013
is as follows:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   147  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,080  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,746  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,819  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,550  
   
  
     
   
  
   47,965  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,966  
   
  
     
   
  
   51,630  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,711  
   
  
 
   
   Theoretical tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,688  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,071  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,199  
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  equity method of accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,675) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,663) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,874) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. taxes
  in excess of theoretical U.S. tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,415  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,442  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,528  
   
  
 
   
   U.S. tax on
  non-U.S. operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   38  
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   37  
   
  
 
   
   State taxes,
  net of federal tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   258  
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,043) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (516) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,885) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,015  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,263  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effective tax
  rate calculation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,015  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,263  
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil
  share of equity company income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,011  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,678  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,061  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,426  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,693  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,324  
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,615  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,448  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  before taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,977  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,308  
   
  
     
   
  
   63,772  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effective
  income tax rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   34% 
   
  
     
   
  
   41% 
   
  
     
   
  
   48% 
   
  
 



 
 


 96   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the impact
of temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities
recognized for financial reporting purposes and such amounts recognized for tax
purposes.  

 Deferred tax liabilities/(assets) are comprised of the
following at December 31:  

   

 
  
   
   Tax effects
  of temporary differences for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property, plant
  and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,409  
   
  
     
   
  
   51,643  
   
  
 
   
   Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,613  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,359  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total deferred
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,022  
   
  
     
   
  
   56,002  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pension and
  other postretirement benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,140) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset
  retirement obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,277) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,162) 
   
  
 
   
   Tax loss
  carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,983) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,099) 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,592) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,446) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total deferred
  tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24,847) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset valuation
  allowances 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,730  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,570  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net deferred
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,614  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,725  
   
  
 



   

 In 2015, asset valuation allowances of
$1,730 million decreased by $840 million and included net provisions of $681
million and effects of foreign currency translation of $159 million.   

 Deferred
income tax (assets) and liabilities are included in the balance sheet as shown
below. Deferred income tax (assets) and liabilities are classified as current
or long term consistent with the classification of the related temporary
difference – separately by tax jurisdiction.  

   

 
  
   
   Balance
  sheet classification 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,329) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,001) 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets,
  including intangibles, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,421) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,955) 
   
  
 
   
   Accounts
  payable and accrued liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   546  
   
  
     
   
  
   451  
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,818  
   
  
     
   
  
   39,230  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net deferred
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,614  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,725  
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation had $51 billion of
indefinitely reinvested, undistributed earnings from subsidiary companies
outside the U.S. that were retained to fund prior and future capital project
expenditures. Deferred taxes have not been recorded for potential future tax
obligations as these earnings are expected to be indefinitely reinvested for
the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2015, it is not practical to
estimate the unrecognized deferred tax liability associated with these earnings
given the future availability of foreign tax credits and uncertainties about the
timing of potential remittances . 

 
 


 97   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits.  The Corporation is subject to income
taxation in many jurisdictions around the world. Unrecognized tax benefits
reflect the difference between positions taken or expected to be taken on
income tax returns and the amounts recognized in the financial statements. The
following table summarizes the movement in unrecognized tax benefits:  

    

   

 
  
   
   Gross
  unrecognized tax benefits 
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  January 1 
   
  
   8,986  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,838  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,663  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions based
  on current year's tax positions 
   
  
   903  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,460  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions for
  prior years' tax positions 
   
  
   496  
   
  
     
   
  
   448  
   
  
     
   
  
   464  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions for
  prior years' tax positions 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (532) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (249) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions due
  to lapse of the statute of limitations 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (588) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Settlements
  with tax authorities 
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign
  exchange effects/other 
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  December 31 
   
  
   9,396  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,986  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,838  
   
  
 



   

 The gross unrecognized tax benefit
balances shown above are predominantly related to tax positions that would
reduce the Corporation’s effective tax rate if the positions are favorably
resolved. Unfavorable resolution of these tax positions generally would not
increase the effective tax rate. The 2015, 2014 and 2013 changes in
unrecognized tax benefits did not have a material effect on the Corporation’s
net income.  

 Resolution
of these tax positions through negotiations with the relevant tax authorities
or through litigation will take many years to complete. It is difficult to
predict the timing of resolution for tax positions since such timing is not
entirely within the control of the Corporation. In the United States, the
Corporation has various U.S. federal income tax positions at issue with the
Internal Revenue Service for tax years 2006-2011. Unfavorable resolution of
these issues would not have a materially adverse effect on the Corporation’s
net income or liquidity. The Internal Revenue Service has not completed its
audit of tax years after 2011. 

 It
is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could
increase by up to 20 percent in the next 12 months, with no material impact on
the Corporation’s net income. 

 The following table summarizes the tax years that remain
subject to examination by major tax jurisdiction:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Country of
  Operation 
   
  
   Open Tax Years 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Abu Dhabi 
   
  
   2012 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Angola 
   
  
   2009 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
   2005, 2008 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   2008 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equatorial
  Guinea 
   
  
   2007 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Malaysia 
   
  
   2009 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nigeria 
   
  
   2005 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Norway 
   
  
   2007 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Qatar 
   
  
   2009 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Russia 
   
  
   2012 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   2011 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2006 - 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation classifies interest on
income tax-related balances as interest expense or interest income and
classifies tax-related penalties as operating expense.  

 The Corporation
incurred $39 million and $42 million in interest expense on income tax reserves
in 2015 and 2014, respectively. For 2013, the Corporation’s net interest
expense was a credit of $207 million, reflecting the effect of credits from the
favorable resolution of prior year tax positions. The related interest payable
balances were $223 million and $205 million at December 31, 2015, and 2014,
respectively. 

    



 
  




 


 98   


 
 

 


 SUPPLEMENTAL    INFORMATION 
  ON    OIL    AND    GAS    EXPLORATION    AND    PRODUCTION    ACTIVITIES   (unaudited)   

      


 
 The results of operations for producing
activities shown below do not include earnings from other activities that
ExxonMobil includes in the Upstream function, such as oil and gas
transportation operations, LNG liquefaction and transportation operations, coal
and power operations, technical service agreements, other nonoperating
activities and adjustments for noncontrolling interests. These excluded amounts
for both consolidated and equity companies totaled $831 million in 2015, $3,223
million in 2014, and $886 million in 2013. Oil sands mining operations are
included in the results of operations in accordance with Securities and
Exchange Commission and Financial Accounting Standards Board rules. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Results of
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,830  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,756  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,933  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,275  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,651  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,408  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,853  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,557  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,858  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,024  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,135  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,490  
   
  
     
   
  
   608  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,672  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,387  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,614  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,957  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,410  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,141  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,016  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,525  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,252  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,690  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,232  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,993  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,562  
   
  
     
   
  
   527  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,256  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   182  
   
  
     
   
  
   473  
   
  
     
   
  
   187  
   
  
     
   
  
   319  
   
  
     
   
  
   254  
   
  
     
   
  
   108  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,523  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,054  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,874  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,569  
   
  
     
   
  
   392  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,845  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   630  
   
  
     
   
  
   111  
   
  
     
   
  
   200  
   
  
     
   
  
   734  
   
  
     
   
  
   706  
   
  
     
   
  
   171  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,552  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (976) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   807  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,117  
   
  
     
   
  
   238  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,663  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,755) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   890  
   
  
     
   
  
   934  
   
  
     
   
  
   933  
   
  
     
   
  
   580  
   
  
     
   
  
   686  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   608  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,723  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,174  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,505  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   459  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   379  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   869  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,754  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,553  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,374  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   554  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   565  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   422  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,541  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   51  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   271  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   146  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   457  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   874  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   47  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,502  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   263  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,559  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,822  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   183  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   501  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,900  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,584  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,572) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,391  
   
  
     
   
  
   934  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,833  
   
  
     
   
  
   580  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,270  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 











 


 99   


 
 

 


      


 
    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,453  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,841  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,608  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,943  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,383  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,374  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,602  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,554  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,417  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,206  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,884  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,534  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,553  
   
  
     
   
  
   40,148  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,007  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,258  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,814  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,827  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,917  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927  
   
  
     
   
  
   64,750  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,637  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,251  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,117  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,568  
   
  
     
   
  
   583  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,404  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   231  
   
  
     
   
  
   363  
   
  
     
   
  
   274  
   
  
     
   
  
   427  
   
  
     
   
  
   287  
   
  
     
   
  
   87  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,669  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,877  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,929  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,387  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,242  
   
  
     
   
  
   454  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,082  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,116  
   
  
     
   
  
   160  
   
  
     
   
  
   412  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,539  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,542  
   
  
     
   
  
   399  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,168  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,208  
   
  
     
   
  
   524  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,954  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,882  
   
  
     
   
  
   435  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,518  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,938  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,767  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,711  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,396  
   
  
     
   
  
   969  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,909  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,239  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,923  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,028  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,190  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   924  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   685  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,672  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,163  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,986  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,713  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,862  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   620  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   602  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   548  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,770  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   61  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   219  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   302  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   253  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   195  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   383  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   831  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   57  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,650  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,184  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,891  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   553  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,099  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,652  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,172  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   964  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,280  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,416  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,110  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,767  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,711  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,676  
   
  
     
   
  
   969  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,325  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2013 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,371  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,252  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,649  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,079  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,427  
   
  
     
   
  
   730  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,508  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,505  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,666  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,654  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,738  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,936  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405  
   
  
     
   
  
   43,904  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,876  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,918  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,303  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,817  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,363  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,135  
   
  
     
   
  
   69,412  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,191  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,965  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,859  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,396  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,763  
   
  
     
   
  
   654  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,828  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   394  
   
  
     
   
  
   386  
   
  
     
   
  
   245  
   
  
     
   
  
   288  
   
  
     
   
  
   571  
   
  
     
   
  
   92  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,976  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,926  
   
  
     
   
  
   989  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,881  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,269  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,680  
   
  
     
   
  
   334  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,079  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,566  
   
  
     
   
  
   94  
   
  
     
   
  
   474  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,583  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,794  
   
  
     
   
  
   427  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,938  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,788  
   
  
     
   
  
   542  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,124  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,841  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,709  
   
  
     
   
  
   202  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,206  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,011  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,942  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,720  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,440  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,846  
   
  
     
   
  
   426  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,385  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2013 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,320  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,768  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,463  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,551  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   64  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,091  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,189  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,354  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,832  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,554  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,740  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   551  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   459  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   660  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,670  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   426  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   460  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   207  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   169  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   955  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   51  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,992  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,352  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,395  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   832  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,482  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,314  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,526  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,365  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,679  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,570  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,537  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,942  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,085  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,440  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,525  
   
  
     
   
  
   426  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,955  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 100   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and
Gas Exploration and Production Costs  

 The amounts shown for net capitalized costs of consolidated
subsidiaries are $14,685 million less at year-end 2015 and $12,856 million less
at year-end 2014 than the amounts reported as investments in property, plant
and equipment for the Upstream in Note 9. This is due to the
exclusion from capitalized costs of certain transportation and research assets
and assets relating to LNG operations. Assets related to oil sands and oil
shale mining operations are included in the capitalized costs in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board rules. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized
  Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,989  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,202  
   
  
     
   
  
   143  
   
  
     
   
  
   873  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,648  
   
  
     
   
  
   741  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,596  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,071  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,014  
   
  
     
   
  
   44  
   
  
     
   
  
   367  
   
  
     
   
  
   409  
   
  
     
   
  
   116  
   
  
     
   
  
   28,021  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39,060  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,216  
   
  
     
   
  
   187  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,240  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,057  
   
  
     
   
  
   857  
   
  
     
   
  
   49,617  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84,270  
   
  
     
   
  
   38,108  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,262  
   
  
     
   
  
   49,621  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,359  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,414  
   
  
     
   
  
   250,034  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,980  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,708  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,928  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,620  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,564  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,195  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   130,310  
   
  
     
   
  
   50,032  
   
  
     
   
  
   38,377  
   
  
     
   
  
   55,256  
   
  
     
   
  
   43,036  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,835  
   
  
     
   
  
   331,846  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,864  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,873  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,747  
   
  
     
   
  
   31,579  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,073  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,573  
   
  
     
   
  
   142,709  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   83,446  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,159  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,630  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,677  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,963  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,262  
   
  
     
   
  
   189,137  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   78  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   73  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   92  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   155  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,181  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,089  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,563  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,833  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   194  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   77  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,727  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,998  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,467  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,170  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,349  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,986  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,122  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,916  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,563  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,601  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,345  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,254  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,786  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,385  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,664  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,598  
   
  
     
   
  
   161  
   
  
     
   
  
   876  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,660  
   
  
     
   
  
   808  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,767  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,062  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,824  
   
  
     
   
  
   74  
   
  
     
   
  
   615  
   
  
     
   
  
   601  
   
  
     
   
  
   136  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,312  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,726  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,422  
   
  
     
   
  
   235  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,491  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,261  
   
  
     
   
  
   944  
   
  
     
   
  
   51,079  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79,138  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,635  
   
  
     
   
  
   39,996  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,700  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,219  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,051  
   
  
     
   
  
   236,739  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,051  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,344  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,114  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,075  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,163  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,621  
   
  
     
   
  
   45,368  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   124,915  
   
  
     
   
  
   55,401  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,345  
   
  
     
   
  
   52,266  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,643  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,616  
   
  
     
   
  
   333,186  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,031  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,197  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,608  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,995  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,273  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,630  
   
  
     
   
  
   140,734  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,884  
   
  
     
   
  
   40,204  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,737  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,271  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,370  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,986  
   
  
     
   
  
   192,452  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   78  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   35  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   94  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   113  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   176  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,309  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,500  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,347  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   251  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,972  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,696  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,124  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,564  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,531  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,219  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,872  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,205  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,095  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,172  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,252  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,359  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,436  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,047  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 101   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and
Gas Exploration and Production Costs (continued)  

 The
amounts reported as costs incurred include both capitalized costs and costs
charged to expense during the year. Costs incurred also include new asset
retirement obligations established in the current year, as well as increases or
decreases to the asset retirement obligation resulting from changes in cost
estimates or abandonment date. Total consolidated costs incurred in 2015 were $21,887
million, down $7,228 million from 2014, due primarily to lower development
costs and property acquisition costs. In 2014 costs were $29,115 million, down
$4,508 million from 2013, due primarily to lower property acquisition costs and
development costs. Total equity company costs incurred in 2015 were $1,464
million, down $1,213 million from 2014, due primarily to exploration costs.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Costs
  Incurred in Property Acquisitions, 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exploration
  and Development Activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   America 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   During 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   305  
   
  
     
   
  
   39  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   440  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195  
   
  
     
   
  
   621  
   
  
     
   
  
   411  
   
  
     
   
  
   425  
   
  
     
   
  
   405  
   
  
     
   
  
   157  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,214  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,774  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,764  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,439  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,149  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,068  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,002  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,196  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,280  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,424  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,850  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,667  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,505  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,161  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,887  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   411  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   879  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,433  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   420  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   184  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   860  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   80  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   121  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,253  
   
  
     
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   34  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   319  
   
  
     
   
  
   453  
   
  
     
   
  
   458  
   
  
     
   
  
   628  
   
  
     
   
  
   467  
   
  
     
   
  
   121  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,446  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,540  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,877  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,390  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,255  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,321  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,856  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,239  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,192  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,333  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,867  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,917  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,829  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,977  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,115  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   964  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,026  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   490  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   233  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   886  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,609  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   507  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   278  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,892  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,677  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   93  
   
  
     
   
  
   67  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   207  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   533  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,270  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   153  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,960  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   557  
   
  
     
   
  
   485  
   
  
     
   
  
   277  
   
  
     
   
  
   361  
   
  
     
   
  
   598  
   
  
     
   
  
   111  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,389  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,919  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,527  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,117  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,278  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,493  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,733  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,067  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,102  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,349  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,394  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,792  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,138  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,848  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,623  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   494  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   583  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   720  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   192  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   828  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,740  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   782  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   221  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,339  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,342  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 102   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and
Gas Reserves  

 The following information describes changes during the
years and balances of proved oil and gas reserves at year-end 2013, 2014, and
2015.  

 The
definitions used are in accordance with the Securities and Exchange
Commission’s Rule 4-10 (a) of Regulation S-X.  

 Proved
oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of
geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to
be economically producible – from a given date forward, from known reservoirs,
and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government
regulations – prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to
operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain.
In some cases, substantial new investments in additional wells and related
facilities will be required to recover these proved reserves.  

 In
accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) rules, the
year-end reserves volumes as well as the reserves change categories shown in
the following tables were calculated using average prices during the 12-month
period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined
as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for
each month within such period. These reserves quantities are also used in
calculating unit-of-production depreciation rates and in calculating the
standardized measure of discounted net cash flow.  

 Revisions
can include upward or downward changes in previously estimated volumes of
proved reserves for existing fields due to the evaluation or re-evaluation of
(1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data, (2) new
geologic, reservoir or production data or (3) changes in average prices
and year-end costs that are used in the estimation of reserves. This category
can also include significant changes in either development strategy or
production equipment/facility capacity.  

 When
crude oil and natural gas prices are in the range seen in late 2015 and early
2016 for an extended period of time, under the SEC definition of proved
reserves, certain quantities of oil and natural gas, such as oil sands operations
in Canada and natural gas operations in North America could temporarily not
qualify as proved reserves. Amounts that could be required to be de-booked as
proved reserves on an SEC basis are subject to being re-booked as proved
reserves at some point in the future when price levels recover, costs decline,
or operating efficiencies occur. Under the terms of certain contractual
arrangements or government royalty regimes, lower prices can also increase
proved reserves attributable to ExxonMobil. We do not expect any temporary
changes in reported proved reserves under SEC definitions to affect the
operation of the underlying projects or to alter our outlook for future
production volumes. 

 Proved
reserves include 100 percent of each majority-owned affiliate’s participation
in proved reserves and ExxonMobil’s ownership percentage of the proved reserves
of equity companies, but exclude royalties and quantities due others. Gas
reserves exclude the gaseous equivalent of liquids expected to be removed from
the gas on leases, at field facilities and at gas processing plants. These
liquids are included in net proved reserves of crude oil and natural gas
liquids.  

 In
the proved reserves tables, consolidated reserves and equity company reserves
are reported separately. However, the Corporation does not view equity company
reserves any differently than those from consolidated companies.  

 Reserves
reported under production sharing and other nonconcessionary agreements are
based on the economic interest as defined by the specific fiscal terms in the
agreement. The production and reserves that we report for these types of
arrangements typically vary inversely with oil and gas price changes. As oil
and gas prices increase, the cash flow and value received by the company
increase; however, the production volumes and reserves required to achieve this
value will typically be lower because of the higher prices. When prices
decrease, the opposite effect generally occurs. The percentage of total liquids
and natural gas proved reserves (consolidated subsidiaries plus equity
companies) at year-end 2015 that were associated with production sharing
contract arrangements was 10 percent of liquids, 10 percent of natural gas and 10
percent on an oil-equivalent basis (gas converted to oil-equivalent at 6
billion cubic feet = 1 million barrels).  

 Net
proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered
through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in
which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the
cost of a new well. Net proved undeveloped reserves are those volumes that are
expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing
wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.  

 Crude
oil and natural gas liquids and natural gas production quantities shown are the
net volumes withdrawn from ExxonMobil’s oil and gas reserves. The natural gas
quantities differ from the quantities of gas delivered for sale by the
producing function as reported in the Operating Summary due to volumes consumed
or flared and inventory changes.  

 The
changes between 2014 year-end proved reserves and 2015 year-end proved reserves
primarily reflect extensions and purchases in the United States and Asia, and
revisions in the United States and Canada. Due to low natural gas prices during
2015, the Corporation reclassified approximately 4,800 billion cubic feet of
natural gas reserves in the United States which no longer meet the SEC
definition of proved reserves. 

    


 


 103   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liquids  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   S. Amer. 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   S. Amer. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   S. Amer. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2013 
   
  
   1,905  
   
  
   270  
   
  
   289  
   
  
   1,293  
   
  
   1,604  
   
  
   163  
   
  
   5,524  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,031  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,560  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   599  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,714  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   21  
   
  
   20  
   
  
   13  
   
  
   13  
   
  
   411  
   
  
   3  
   
  
   481  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   124  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   608  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   15  
   
  
   15  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   30  
   
  
     
   
  
   27  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   188  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   52  
   
  
   262  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   502  
   
  
     
   
  
   39  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   541  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (616) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
   2,008  
   
  
   284  
   
  
   245  
   
  
   1,193  
   
  
   2,163  
   
  
   155  
   
  
   6,048  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,023  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,630  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   579  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,280  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2013 
   
  
   340  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   28  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,260  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,628  
   
  
     
   
  
   474  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,102  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   12  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   21  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   35  
   
  
     
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (186) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
   330  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   28  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,145  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,503  
   
  
     
   
  
   456  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,959  
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2013 
   
  
   2,338  
   
  
   284  
   
  
   273  
   
  
   1,193  
   
  
   3,308  
   
  
   155  
   
  
   7,551  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,479  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,630  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   579  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,239  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2014 
   
  
   2,008  
   
  
   284  
   
  
   245  
   
  
   1,193  
   
  
   2,163  
   
  
   155  
   
  
   6,048  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,023  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,630  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   579  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,280  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   37  
   
  
   23  
   
  
   9  
   
  
   42  
   
  
   42  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   153  
   
  
     
   
  
   59  
   
  
     
   
  
   669  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   858  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   42  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   42  
   
  
     
   
  
   11  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   53  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   156  
   
  
   5  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   38  
   
  
   35  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   234  
   
  
     
   
  
   79  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   313  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   (477) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (631) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
   2,108  
   
  
   282  
   
  
   199  
   
  
   1,102  
   
  
   2,132  
   
  
   141  
   
  
   5,964  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,092  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   534  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,823  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2014 
   
  
   330  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   28  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,145  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,503  
   
  
     
   
  
   456  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,959  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   19  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   41  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   61  
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   66  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
   328  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   27  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,100  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,455  
   
  
     
   
  
   435  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,890  
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2014 
   
  
   2,436  
   
  
   282  
   
  
   226  
   
  
   1,102  
   
  
   3,232  
   
  
   141  
   
  
   7,419  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,527  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   534  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,713  
   
  
 



   

 ( See  footnote on next page)  


 


 104   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liquids  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   S. Amer. 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   S. Amer. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   S. Amer. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   2,108  
   
  
   282  
   
  
   199  
   
  
   1,102  
   
  
   2,132  
   
  
   141  
   
  
   5,964  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,092  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   534  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,823  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   46  
   
  
   48  
   
  
   123  
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   53  
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   433  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68  
   
  
     
   
  
   459  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   161  
   
  
   3  
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   165  
   
  
     
   
  
   46  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   211  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   387  
   
  
   2  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   698  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,087  
   
  
     
   
  
   101  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,188  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (119) 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   (524) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (716) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   2,378  
   
  
   260  
   
  
   184  
   
  
   963  
   
  
   2,825  
   
  
   125  
   
  
   6,735  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,078  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,560  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,954  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   328  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   27  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,100  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,455  
   
  
     
   
  
   435  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,890  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   65  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   254  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   25  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,077  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,356  
   
  
     
   
  
   414  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,770  
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   2,632  
   
  
   260  
   
  
   209  
   
  
   963  
   
  
   3,902  
   
  
   125  
   
  
   8,091  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,492  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,560  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,724  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 11 million barrels in 2013, 8 million
barrels in 2014 and 7 million barrels in 2015, as well as proved developed
reserves of 9 million barrels in 2013, 5 million barrels in 2014 and 4 million
barrels in 2015, and in addition, proved undeveloped reserves of 2 million
barrels in 2013, 3 million barrels in 2014 and 3 million in 2015, in which there
is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest. 

     

    


 


 105   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil and Natural Gas Liquids 
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1)  
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Amer.  (2)  
   
  
   Amer.  (3)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved developed
  reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,469  
   
  
   126  
   
  
     
   
  
   249  
   
  
   945  
   
  
   1,663  
   
  
   105  
   
  
   4,557  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,810  
   
  
     
   
  
   579  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,946  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   268  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,292  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,587  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,587  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,068  
   
  
   177  
   
  
     
   
  
   51  
   
  
   449  
   
  
   638  
   
  
   131  
   
  
   2,514  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,820  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,334  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   77  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   294  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   372  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   372  
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
   2,882  
   
  
   303  
   
  
     
   
  
   328  
   
  
   1,394  
   
  
   3,887  
   
  
   236  
   
  
   9,030  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,630  
   
  
     
   
  
   579  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,239  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved developed
  reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,502  
   
  
   111  
   
  
     
   
  
   205  
   
  
   894  
   
  
   1,615  
   
  
   112  
   
  
   4,439  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,122  
   
  
     
   
  
   534  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,095  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   269  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,188  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,483  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,234  
   
  
   190  
   
  
     
   
  
   42  
   
  
   401  
   
  
   651  
   
  
   99  
   
  
   2,617  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,111  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,728  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   75  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   331  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   407  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   407  
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
   3,080  
   
  
   301  
   
  
     
   
  
   274  
   
  
   1,295  
   
  
   3,785  
   
  
   211  
   
  
   8,946  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233  
   
  
     
   
  
   534  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,713  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved developed
  reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,427  
   
  
   101  
   
  
     
   
  
   192  
   
  
   900  
   
  
   1,707  
   
  
   107  
   
  
   4,434  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,108  
   
  
     
   
  
   581  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,123  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   228  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,151  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,404  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,404  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,619  
   
  
   174  
   
  
     
   
  
   34  
   
  
   230  
   
  
   1,239  
   
  
   83  
   
  
   3,379  
   
  
     
   
  
   452  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity companies 
   
  
   39  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   327  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   366  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   366  
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   3,313  
   
  
   275  
   
  
     
   
  
   251  
   
  
   1,130  
   
  
   4,424  
   
  
   190  
   
  
   9,583  
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   4,560  
   
  
     
   
  
   581  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,724  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 62 million barrels in 2013, 46 million
barrels in 2014 and 34 million barrels in 2015, as well as proved developed
reserves of 55 million barrels in 2013, 36 million barrels in 2014 and 23
million barrels in 2015, and in addition, proved undeveloped reserves of 7
million barrels in 2013, 10 million barrels in 2014 and 11 million barrels in
2015, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest.  

 (2)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 2,867 million barrels in 2013, 3,274
million barrels in 2014 and 3,515 million barrels in 2015, as well as proved
developed reserves of 1,417 million barrels in 2013, 1,635 million barrels in
2014 and 3,063 million barrels in 2015, and in addition, proved undeveloped
reserves of 1,450 million barrels in 2013, 1,639 million barrels in 2014 and 452
million barrels in 2015, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling
interest.  

 (3)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 579 million barrels in 2013, 534
million barrels in 2014 and 581 million barrels in 2015, as well as proved
developed reserves of 579 million barrels in 2013, 534 million barrels in 2014
and 581 million barrels in 2015, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling
interest.  

 (4)   See previous pages for natural gas
liquids proved reserves attributable to consolidated subsidiaries and equity
companies. For additional information on natural gas liquids proved reserves
see Item 2. Properties in ExxonMobil’s 2015 Form 10-K.  


 


 106   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products  (2)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2013 
   
  
   26,215  
   
  
   925  
   
  
   3,249  
   
  
   929  
   
  
   5,845  
   
  
   7,568  
   
  
   44,731  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,169  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   79  
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
   61  
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   364  
   
  
   86  
   
  
   512  
   
  
     
   
  
   693  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   153  
   
  
   522  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   675  
   
  
     
   
  
   170  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1,083  
   
  
   2  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   14  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,099  
   
  
     
   
  
   724  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,404) 
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
   (500) 
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
   (489) 
   
  
   (139) 
   
  
   (2,722) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,069) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
   26,020  
   
  
   1,235  
   
  
   2,810  
   
  
   867  
   
  
   5,734  
   
  
   7,515  
   
  
   44,181  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2013 
   
  
   155  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   9,535  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   19,670  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   29,360  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,995  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   135  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   58  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   9  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   202  
   
  
     
   
  
   77  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (717) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,165) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,892) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (502) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
   281  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8,884  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   18,514  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   27,679  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,572  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2013 
   
  
   26,301  
   
  
   1,235  
   
  
   11,694  
   
  
   867  
   
  
   24,248  
   
  
   7,515  
   
  
   71,860  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,216  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2014 
   
  
   26,020  
   
  
   1,235  
   
  
   2,810  
   
  
   867  
   
  
   5,734  
   
  
   7,515  
   
  
   44,181  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,644  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   49  
   
  
   80  
   
  
   49  
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   173  
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
   292  
   
  
     
   
  
   906  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   60  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   60  
   
  
     
   
  
   63  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (365) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1,518  
   
  
   91  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7  
   
  
   4  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,620  
   
  
     
   
  
   583  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,346) 
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
   (476) 
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
   (448) 
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
   (2,645) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,072) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
   25,987  
   
  
   1,226  
   
  
   2,383  
   
  
   811  
   
  
   5,460  
   
  
   7,276  
   
  
   43,143  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,013  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2014 
   
  
   281  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8,884  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   18,514  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   27,679  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,572  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   5  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   117  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   110  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   232  
   
  
     
   
  
   105  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (583) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,717) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (423) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
   272  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8,418  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17,505  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   26,195  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,256  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2014 
   
  
   26,259  
   
  
   1,226  
   
  
   10,801  
   
  
   811  
   
  
   22,965  
   
  
   7,276  
   
  
   69,338  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,269  
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (See footnotes
on next page)  


 


 107   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products  (2)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   25,987  
   
  
   1,226  
   
  
   2,383  
   
  
   811  
   
  
   5,460  
   
  
   7,276  
   
  
   43,143  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,013  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (6,693) 
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
   63  
   
  
   25  
   
  
   303  
   
  
   23  
   
  
   (6,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (595) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   182  
   
  
   29  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   211  
   
  
     
   
  
   246  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1,167  
   
  
   34  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   102  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,303  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,254) 
   
  
   (112) 
   
  
   (434) 
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   (447) 
   
  
   (258) 
   
  
   (2,548) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   19,380  
   
  
   1,127  
   
  
   1,956  
   
  
   793  
   
  
   5,329  
   
  
   7,041  
   
  
   35,626  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,892  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   272  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8,418  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17,505  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   26,195  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,256  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   86  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   1  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (432) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,130) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,577) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (400) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   220  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,903  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   16,461  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   24,584  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,867  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2015 
   
  
   19,600  
   
  
   1,127  
   
  
   9,859  
   
  
   793  
   
  
   21,790  
   
  
   7,041  
   
  
   60,210  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,759  
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 678 billion cubic feet in 2013, 627
billion cubic feet in 2014 and 583 billion cubic feet in 2015, as well as proved
developed reserves of 368 billion cubic feet in 2013, 300 billion cubic feet in
2014 and 283 billion cubic feet in 2015, and in addition, proved undeveloped
reserves of 310 billion cubic feet in 2013, 327 billion cubic feet in 2014 and 300
billion cubic feet in 2015, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling
interest.  

 (2)   Natural gas is converted to
oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand barrels.  


 


 108   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products  (2)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   14,655  
   
  
   664  
   
  
   2,189  
   
  
   779  
   
  
   5,241  
   
  
   969  
   
  
   24,497  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,029  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   197  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,852  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17,288  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   24,337  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,643  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   11,365  
   
  
   571  
   
  
   621  
   
  
   88  
   
  
   493  
   
  
   6,546  
   
  
   19,684  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,615  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   84  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,032  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,226  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,342  
   
  
     
   
  
   929  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2013 
   
  
   26,301  
   
  
   1,235  
   
  
   11,694  
   
  
   867  
   
  
   24,248  
   
  
   7,515  
   
  
   71,860  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,216  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   14,169  
   
  
   615  
   
  
   1,870  
   
  
   764  
   
  
   5,031  
   
  
   2,179  
   
  
   24,628  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,199  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   194  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,484  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   16,305  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   22,983  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,314  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   11,818  
   
  
   611  
   
  
   513  
   
  
   47  
   
  
   429  
   
  
   5,097  
   
  
   18,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,814  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   78  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,934  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,200  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,212  
   
  
     
   
  
   942  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2014 
   
  
   26,259  
   
  
   1,226  
   
  
   10,801  
   
  
   811  
   
  
   22,965  
   
  
   7,276  
   
  
   69,338  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,269  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   13,353  
   
  
   552  
   
  
   1,593  
   
  
   750  
   
  
   4,917  
   
  
   1,962  
   
  
   23,127  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,977  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   156  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,146  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,233  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   21,535  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,993  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   6,027  
   
  
   575  
   
  
   363  
   
  
   43  
   
  
   412  
   
  
   5,079  
   
  
   12,499  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,915  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   64  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,757  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,228  
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,049  
   
  
     
   
  
   874  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2015 
   
  
   19,600  
   
  
   1,127  
   
  
   9,859  
   
  
   793  
   
  
   21,790  
   
  
   7,041  
   
  
   60,210  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,759  
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (See footnotes
on previous page)  


 


 109   


 
 

 


      


 
 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Cash Flows  

 As required by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
is computed by applying first-day-of-the-month average prices,
year-end costs and legislated tax rates and a discount factor of 10 percent
to net proved reserves. The standardized measure includes costs for
future dismantlement, abandonment and rehabilitation obligations.
The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide
a reliable estimate of the Corporation’s expected future cash flows to be
obtained from the development and production of its oil and gas properties or
of the value of its proved oil and gas reserves. The standardized measure is
prepared on the basis of certain prescribed assumptions including
first-day-of-the-month average prices, which represent discrete points in time
and therefore may cause significant variability in cash flows from year to year
as prices change.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standardized
  Measure of Discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Future Cash
  Flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   America  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   276,051  
   
  
     
   
  
   293,377  
   
  
     
   
  
   58,235  
   
  
     
   
  
   146,407  
   
  
     
   
  
   245,482  
   
  
     
   
  
   87,808  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,107,360  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   113,571  
   
  
     
   
  
   106,884  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,053  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,960  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,328  
   
  
     
   
  
   22,507  
   
  
     
   
  
   349,303  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,702  
   
  
     
   
  
   43,102  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,215  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,300  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,666  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,191  
   
  
     
   
  
   134,176  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,144  
   
  
     
   
  
   31,901  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,186  
   
  
     
   
  
   53,766  
   
  
     
   
  
   117,989  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,953  
   
  
     
   
  
   287,939  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,634  
   
  
     
   
  
   111,490  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,781  
   
  
     
   
  
   47,381  
   
  
     
   
  
   59,499  
   
  
     
   
  
   38,157  
   
  
     
   
  
   335,942  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,336  
   
  
     
   
  
   78,700  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,278  
   
  
     
   
  
   18,406  
   
  
     
   
  
   34,878  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,266  
   
  
     
   
  
   196,864  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,298  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,790  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,503  
   
  
     
   
  
   28,975  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,621  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,891  
   
  
     
   
  
   139,078  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,957  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,539  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   324,666  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   442,162  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,231  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,518  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,656  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   176,405  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,675  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,994  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,756  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,425  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,237  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,887  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,124  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,051  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,790  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   137,367  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   172,208  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,994  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,549  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,798  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   91,341  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,057  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,241  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,569  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,867  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,355  
   
  
     
   
  
   32,790  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,744  
   
  
     
   
  
   28,975  
   
  
     
   
  
   89,190  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,891  
   
  
     
   
  
   219,945  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes discounted future net cash
flows attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of $25,160 million in 2013, in which
there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest.  


 


 110   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standardized
  Measure of Discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   South 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Future Cash
  Flows (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   America  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   283,767  
   
  
     
   
  
   354,223  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,882  
   
  
     
   
  
   125,125  
   
  
     
   
  
   224,885  
   
  
     
   
  
   78,365  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,109,247  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   116,929  
   
  
     
   
  
   140,368  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,358  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,917  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,562  
   
  
     
   
  
   20,467  
   
  
     
   
  
   377,601  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,276  
   
  
     
   
  
   48,525  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,000  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,603  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,591  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,956  
   
  
     
   
  
   139,951  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,807  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,787  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,651  
   
  
     
   
  
   44,977  
   
  
     
   
  
   102,581  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,050  
   
  
     
   
  
   259,853  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   74,755  
   
  
     
   
  
   128,543  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,873  
   
  
     
   
  
   37,628  
   
  
     
   
  
   52,151  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,892  
   
  
     
   
  
   331,842  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,101  
   
  
     
   
  
   87,799  
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,831  
   
  
     
   
  
   30,173  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,326  
   
  
     
   
  
   193,178  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,654  
   
  
     
   
  
   40,744  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,925  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,797  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,978  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,566  
   
  
     
   
  
   138,664  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,924  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,031  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   286,124  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   389,079  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,895  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,826  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   99,193  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   158,914  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,386  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,761  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,260  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,407  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,374  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,409  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,783  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,643  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,070  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   116,262  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   146,975  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,970  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,534  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,550  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,054  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,673  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,536  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,712  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,921  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,327  
   
  
     
   
  
   40,744  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,461  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,797  
   
  
     
   
  
   76,690  
   
  
     
   
  
   16,566  
   
  
     
   
  
   207,585  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,910  
   
  
     
   
  
   176,452  
   
  
     
   
  
   23,330  
   
  
     
   
  
   57,702  
   
  
     
   
  
   156,378  
   
  
     
   
  
   29,535  
   
  
     
   
  
   588,307  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,678  
   
  
     
   
  
   115,285  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,735  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,114  
   
  
     
   
  
   50,745  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,889  
   
  
     
   
  
   283,446  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,016  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,923  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,332  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,170  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,371  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,237  
   
  
     
   
  
   118,049  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,950  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,042  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,780  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,018  
   
  
     
   
  
   62,353  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,012  
   
  
     
   
  
   92,155  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,266  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,202  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,400  
   
  
     
   
  
   27,909  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,397  
   
  
     
   
  
   94,657  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,336  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,415  
   
  
     
   
  
   (945) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,226  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,396  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,454  
   
  
     
   
  
   51,882  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,930  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,787  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,428  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,174  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,513  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,943  
   
  
     
   
  
   42,775  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,065  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,061  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143,692  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   205,818  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,137  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,409  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,080  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   98,626  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,903  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,796  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,889  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,027  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,855  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,882  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,025  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,435  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,961  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,421  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,936  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,287  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,171  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,394  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,089  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,148  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,790  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,027  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,019  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,787  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,576  
   
  
     
   
  
   10,174  
   
  
     
   
  
   33,303  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,943  
   
  
     
   
  
   70,802  
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes discounted future net cash
flows attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of $30,189 million in 2014 and $5,607
million in 2015, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest.  


 


 111   


 
 

 


      


 
 Change in Standardized Measure of
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves  

   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   137,549  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   87,238  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   224,787  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,928  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,976  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48,742) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,757) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (72,499) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,821  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,389  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,210  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32,423) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,296) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37,719) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,353  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,960  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,313  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,596  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,830  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,426  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   996  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,455  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,451  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,529  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,371) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,842) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   139,078  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,867  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   219,945  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   139,078  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,867  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   219,945  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,497  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,591  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44,446) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,366) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62,812) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,189  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,453  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,642  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50,672) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,837) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,072  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,298  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,370  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,098  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,987  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,085  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,848  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,753  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,601  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (414) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,946) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,360) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   138,664  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,921  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   207,585  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 112   


 
 

 


      


 
 Change in Standardized Measure of
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves  

   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   138,664  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,921  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   207,585  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,678  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,678  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,694) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,492) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30,186) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,359  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,198  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,557  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (203,224) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (57,478) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (260,702) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,888  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,754  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,828  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,257  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,085  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,276  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,755  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   97,031  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95,889) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40,894) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (136,783) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,775  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,027  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,802  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 











 


 113   


 
 

 


 OPERATING SUMMARY (unaudited ) 


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
   2014  
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
     
   
  
   2012  
   
  
     
   
  
   2011  
   
  
 
   
   Production of
  crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen and synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net production 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   476  
   
  
     
   
  
   454  
   
  
     
   
  
   431  
   
  
     
   
  
   418  
   
  
     
   
  
   423  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
   402  
   
  
     
   
  
   301  
   
  
     
   
  
   280  
   
  
     
   
  
   251  
   
  
     
   
  
   252  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   204  
   
  
     
   
  
   184  
   
  
     
   
  
   190  
   
  
     
   
  
   207  
   
  
     
   
  
   270  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   529  
   
  
     
   
  
   489  
   
  
     
   
  
   469  
   
  
     
   
  
   487  
   
  
     
   
  
   508  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   684  
   
  
     
   
  
   624  
   
  
     
   
  
   784  
   
  
     
   
  
   772  
   
  
     
   
  
   808  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   50  
   
  
     
   
  
   59  
   
  
     
   
  
   48  
   
  
     
   
  
   50  
   
  
     
   
  
   51  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   2,345  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,111  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,202  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,185  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,312  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net production 
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   3,147  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,404  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,545  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,822  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,917  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/South
  America 
   
  
   261  
   
  
     
   
  
   310  
   
  
     
   
  
   354  
   
  
     
   
  
   362  
   
  
     
   
  
   412  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   2,286  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,816  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,251  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,220  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,448  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   5  
   
  
     
   
  
   4  
   
  
     
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
   7  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   4,139  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,099  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,329  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,538  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,047  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   677  
   
  
     
   
  
   512  
   
  
     
   
  
   351  
   
  
     
   
  
   363  
   
  
     
   
  
   331  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   10,515  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,145  
   
  
     
   
  
   11,836  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,322  
   
  
     
   
  
   13,162  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent barrels
  daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production   (1)  
   
  
   4,097  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,969  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,175  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,239  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,506  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,709  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,816  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,784  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   386  
   
  
     
   
  
   394  
   
  
     
   
  
   426  
   
  
     
   
  
   435  
   
  
     
   
  
   430  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,496  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,400  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,504  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,528  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
   647  
   
  
     
   
  
   628  
   
  
     
   
  
   779  
   
  
     
   
  
   998  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Non-U.S. 
   
  
   194  
   
  
     
   
  
   191  
   
  
     
   
  
   161  
   
  
     
   
  
   261  
   
  
     
   
  
   292  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   4,432  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,476  
   
  
     
   
  
   4,585  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,014  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,214  
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,521  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,609  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,569  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,530  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   488  
   
  
     
   
  
   496  
   
  
     
   
  
   464  
   
  
     
   
  
   453  
   
  
     
   
  
   455  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,542  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,555  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,497  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,571  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,596  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific
  and other Eastern Hemisphere 
   
  
   1,124  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,085  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,206  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,381  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Latin America 
   
  
   79  
   
  
     
   
  
   84  
   
  
     
   
  
   111  
   
  
     
   
  
   200  
   
  
     
   
  
   276  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   5,754  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,887  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,174  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,413  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gasoline,
  naphthas 
   
  
   2,363  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,418  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,489  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,541  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Heating oils,
  kerosene, diesel oils 
   
  
   1,924  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,912  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,838  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,947  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,019  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Aviation fuels 
   
  
   413  
   
  
     
   
  
   423  
   
  
     
   
  
   462  
   
  
     
   
  
   473  
   
  
     
   
  
   492  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Heavy fuels 
   
  
   377  
   
  
     
   
  
   390  
   
  
     
   
  
   431  
   
  
     
   
  
   515  
   
  
     
   
  
   588  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Specialty
  petroleum products 
   
  
   677  
   
  
     
   
  
   698  
   
  
     
   
  
   738  
   
  
     
   
  
   750  
   
  
     
   
  
   773  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   5,754  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,887  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,174  
   
  
     
   
  
   6,413  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Chemical prime
  product sales  (2)(3)  
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   9,664  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,528  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,679  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,381  
   
  
     
   
  
   9,250  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   15,049  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,707  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,384  
   
  
     
   
  
   14,776  
   
  
     
   
  
   15,756  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   24,713  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,235  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,063  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,157  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,006  
   
  
 



   

 Operating statistics include 100 percent
of operations of majority-owned subsidiaries; for other companies, crude
production, gas, petroleum product and chemical prime product sales include
ExxonMobil’s ownership percentage and refining throughput includes quantities
processed for ExxonMobil. Net production excludes royalties and quantities due
others when produced, whether payment is made in kind or cash.  

 (1)   Gas converted to oil-equivalent at
6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels.  

 (2)   Petroleum product and chemical prime
product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts with the same
counterparty.  

 (3)   Prime product sales are total
product sales excluding carbon black oil and sulfur. Prime product sales
include ExxonMobil’s share of equity company volumes and finished-product
transfers to the Downstream. 

    



 
  




 


 114   


 
 

 


   


 
 SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   By: 
   
  
   /s/    REX W.
  TILLERSON         
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Rex W. Tillerson, 
   Chairman of the Board) 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 


 


 Dated February 24, 2016  

 
  
   
         
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



    

   

   

 POWER
OF ATTORNEY  

 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes
and appoints Randall M. Ebner, Stephen A. Littleton and Jeffrey S. Lynn
and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her
name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents
and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their
or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.  

 
  
   
         
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



    

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on
February 24, 2016.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    REX
  W. TILLERSON 
   
     
   

   (Rex W. Tillerson) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chairman of the Board 
   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    MICHAEL
  J. BOSKIN 
 
     
   

   (Michael J. Boskin) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    PETER
  BRABECK-LETMATHE 
 
     
   

   (Peter Brabeck-Letmathe) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    URSULA
  M. BURNS 
 
     
   

   (Ursula M. Burns) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    LARRY
  R. FAULKNER 
 
     
   

   (Larry R. Faulkner) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 


    


 


 115   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
   /s/    JAY
  S. FISHMAN 
   
     
   

   (Jay S. Fishman) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   

     
   /s/    HENRIETTA
  H. FORE 
 
     
   

   (Henrietta H. Fore) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    KENNETH
  C. FRAZIER 
 
     
   

   (Kenneth C. Frazier) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DOUGLAS
  R. OBERHELMAN 
 
     
   

   (Douglas R. Oberhelman) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    SAMUEL
  J. PALMISANO 
 
     
   

   (Samuel J. Palmisano) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    STEVEN
  S REINEMUND 
 
     
   

   (Steven S Reinemund) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    WILLIAM
  C. WELDON 
 
     
   

   (William C. Weldon) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DARREN
  W. WOODS 
 
     
   

   (Darren W. Woods) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    ANDREW
  P. SWIGER 
 
     
   

   (Andrew P. Swiger) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DAVID
  S. ROSENTHAL 
 
     
   

   (David S. Rosenthal) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Vice President and Controller 
   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 


    









 


 116   


 
 

 


 INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

   


 
    

   

 

 
  
   
   Exhibit 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Restated
  Certificate of Incorporation, as restated November 30, 1999, and as
  further amended effective June 20, 2001. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   By-Laws, as
  revised to April 27, 2011. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.1) 
   
  
   2003 Incentive
  Program, as approved by shareholders May 28, 2003 (incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10(iii)(a.1) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
  2012).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.2) 
   
  
   Extended
  Provisions for Restricted Stock Agreements (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K of November 28,
  2012).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.3) 
   
  
   Extended
  Provisions for Restricted Stock Unit Agreements – Settlement in Shares.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.4) 
   
  
   Standard
  Provisions for Restricted Stock Unit Agreements – Settlement in Cash
  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(a.4) to the Registrant’s Annual
  Report on Form 10-K for 2013).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(b.1) 
   
  
   Short Term
  Incentive Program, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  10(iii)(b.1) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2013).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(b.2) 
   
  
   Earnings Bonus
  Unit instrument.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.1) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Supplemental Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.1)
  to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2014).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.2) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Supplemental Pension Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.2)
  to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2014).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.3) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Additional Payments Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.3)
  to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2013).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(d) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Executive Life Insurance and Death Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(d) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
  for 2011).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.1) 
   
  
   2004
  Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(f.1) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
  2013).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.2) 
   
  
   Standing
  resolution for non-employee director restricted grants dated
  September 26, 2007 (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(f.2) to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.3) 
   
  
   Form of
  restricted stock grant letter for non-employee directors (incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(f.3) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form
  10-K for 2014).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.4) 
   
  
   Standing
  resolution for non-employee director cash fees dated October 26, 2011.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   12 
   
  
   Computation of
  ratio of earnings to fixed charges. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   14 
   
  
   Code of Ethics
  and Business Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the
  Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2013). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries of
  the registrant. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of
  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.1 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Chief
  Executive Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.2 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Principal
  Financial Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.3 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Principal
  Accounting Officer. 
   
  
 


 


    









 


 117   


 
 

 


 INDEX TO EXHIBITS – (continued) 

   


 
    

 

 
  
   
   Exhibit 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.1 
   
  
   Section 1350 Certification (pursuant
  to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Chief Executive Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.2 
   
  
   Section 1350 Certification
  (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal Financial Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.3 
   
  
   Section 1350 Certification
  (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal Accounting
  Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive data files. 
   
  
 


 


 

   

 


 *   Compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
identified pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

 The registrant has not filed with this report copies
of the instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the
registrant and its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated
financial statements are required to be filed. The registrant agrees to furnish
a copy of any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.
 

   




 


 118   


 
 
 
 
