
 10-K
 1
 ess-123114x10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 ESS-12.31.14-10K 
	 
	 
   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549   FORM 10-K   (MARK ONE) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2014   OR o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ___________ TO _____________ Commission file number:    1-13106  (Essex Property Trust, Inc.) Commission file number:    333-44467-01  (Essex Portfolio, L.P.) ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Maryland  (Essex Property Trust, Inc.) California  (Essex Portfolio, L.P.)   77-0369576  (Essex Property Trust, Inc.) 77-0369575  (Essex Portfolio, L.P.) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 925 East Meadow Drive Palo Alto, California    94303 (Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code) (650) 494-3700 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $.0001 par value (Essex Property Trust, Inc.)   New York Stock Exchange       7.125% Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Essex Property Trust, Inc.)   New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Essex Property Trust, Inc.    Yes  x    No  o Essex Portfolio, L.P.     Yes  o    No  x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Essex Property Trust, Inc.    Yes  o   No  x Essex Portfolio, L.P.     Yes  o    No  x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Essex Property Trust, Inc.    Yes  x    No  o Essex Portfolio, L.P.     Yes  x    No  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Essex Property Trust, Inc.    Yes  x    No  o Essex Portfolio, L.P.     Yes  x    No  o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K, or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Essex Property Trust, Inc.     o Essex Portfolio, L.P.     o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): Essex Property Trust, Inc.: Large accelerated filer  x Accelerated filer  o Non-accelerated filer  o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company  o Essex Portfolio, L.P.: Large accelerated filer  o Accelerated filer  o Non-accelerated filer  x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company  o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Essex Property Trust, Inc.    Yes  o    No  x Essex Portfolio, L.P.     Yes  o    No  x As of June 30,  2014 , the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of Essex Property Trust, Inc. was $11,430,740,862.  The aggregate market value was computed with reference to the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. Shares of common stock held by executive officers, directors and holders of more than ten percent of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This exclusion does not reflect a determination that such persons are affiliates for any other purposes. There is no public trading market for the common units of Essex Portfolio, L.P. As a result, the aggregate market value of the common units held by non-affiliates of Essex Portfolio, L.P., cannot be determined. As of  February 24, 2015 ,  65,125,801  shares of common stock ($.0001 par value) of Essex Property Trust, Inc. were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: The following document is incorporated by reference in Part III of the Annual Report on Form 10-K: Proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders of Essex Property Trust, Inc. to be filed within 120 days of  December 31, 2014 .   EXPLANATORY NOTE This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2014  of Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Essex Portfolio, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “ESS” mean Essex Property Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”), and references to “EPLP” mean Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”). Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to the “Company,” “Essex,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively ESS, EPLP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ESS and/or EPLP.  References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively EPLP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EPLP. ESS is the general partner of, and as of  December 31, 2014  owned an approximate  96.7%  ownership interest in EPLP.  The remaining  3.3%  interest is owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of EPLP, ESS has exclusive control of EPLP's day-to-day management. The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT (“UPREIT”) and ESS contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to the Operating Partnership. In return for those contributions, ESS receives a number of OP Units (see definition below) in the Operating Partnership equal to the number of shares of common stock it has issued in the equity offering.  Contributions of properties to the Company can be structured as tax-deferred transactions through the issuance of OP Units in the Operating Partnership, which is one of the reasons why the Company is structured in the manner shown above. Based on the terms of EPLP's partnership agreement, OP Units can be exchanged for ESS common stock on a one-for-one basis. The Company maintains a one-for-one relationship between the OP Units of the Operating Partnership issued to ESS and shares of common stock. The Company believes that combining the reports on Form 10-K of ESS and EPLP into this single report provides the following benefits: • enhances investors' understanding of the Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; • eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation since a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both the Company and the Operating Partnership; and • creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. Management operates the Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of ESS consists of the same members as the management of EPLP. All of the Company's property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and ESS has no material assets, other than its investment in EPLP. ESS's primary function is acting as the general partner of EPLP.  As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements.  ESS also issues equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of EPLP, as disclosed in this report. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company's ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity.  Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by the Company, which are contributed to the capital of the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (“OP Units”) (on a one-for-one share of common stock per OP Unit basis), the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company's business. These sources include the Operating Partnership's working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its revolving credit facility, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from disposition of certain properties and joint ventures. The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between ESS and EPLP in the context of how ESS and EPLP operate as a consolidated company.  Shareholders' equity, partners' capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners' capital in the Operating Partnership's consolidated financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in the Company's consolidated financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership's consolidated financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships and development joint venture partners. The noncontrolling interests in the Company's consolidated financial statements include (i) the same noncontrolling interests as presented in the Operating Partnership’s consolidated financial statements and (ii) limited partner OP Unit holders of the Operating Partnership. The differences between  iii stockholders' equity and partners' capital result from differences in the equity issued at the Company and Operating Partnership levels. To help investors understand the significant differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report provides separate consolidated financial statements for the Company and the Operating Partnership; a single set of consolidated notes to such financial statements that includes separate discussions of shareholders' equity or partners' capital, earnings per share/unit; as applicable; and a combined Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that the Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. §1350. In order to highlight the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and joint ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership. The separate discussions of the Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. iv ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. 2014  ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I.   Page Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 20 Item 2. Properties 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 Part II.     Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 28 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 32 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 36 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 47 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 49 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 49 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 49 Item 9B. Other Information 50 Part III.     Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 50 Item 11. Executive Compensation 50 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 50 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 50 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 50 Part IV.     Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 51 Signatures   S-1 v Table of Contents PART I Forward Looking Statements   This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Such forward-looking statements are described in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in the section, “Forward Looking Statements.”  Actual results could differ materially from those set forth in each forward-looking statement.  Certain factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in this report, including Item in 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Item 1. Business OVERVIEW Essex Property Trust, Inc. (“Essex” or the “Company”) is a Maryland corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”).  The Company owns all of its interest in its real estate investments directly or indirectly through Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership” or “EPLP”).  The Company is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and as of  December 31, 2014  owns a  96.7%  general partnership interest.  In this report, the terms “Essex” or the “Company” also refer to Essex Property Trust, Inc., its Operating Partnership and those entities owned or controlled by the Operating Partnership. The Company has elected to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, commencing with the year ended December 31, 1994 as the Company completed an initial public offering on June 13, 1994.  In order to maintain compliance with REIT tax rules, the Company utilizes taxable REIT subsidiaries for various revenue generating or investment activities. All taxable REIT subsidiaries are consolidated by the Company. The Company is engaged primarily in the ownership, operation, management, acquisition, development and redevelopment of predominantly apartment communities.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company owned or held an interest in  239  communities, aggregating  57,455  units, located along the West Coast, as well as  four  commercial buildings (totaling approximately  325,200  square feet), and  twelve  active development projects with  2,920  units in various stages of development (collectively, the “Portfolio”). The Company’s website address is http://www.essex.com.  The Company’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders are available, free of charge, on its website as soon as practicable after the Company files the reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). BUSINESS STRATEGIES The following is a discussion of the Company’s business strategies in regards to real estate investment and management. Business Strategies Research Driven Approach to Investments   –  The Company believes that successful real estate investment decisions and portfolio growth begin with extensive regional economic research and local market knowledge.  The Company continually assesses markets where the Company operates, as well as markets where the Company considers future investment opportunities by evaluating the following: • Focus on markets in major metropolitan areas that have regional population in excess of one million; • Constraints on new supply driven by: (i) low availability of developable land sites where competing housing could be economically built; (ii) political growth barriers, such as protected land, urban growth boundaries, and potential lengthy and expensive development permit processes; and (iii) natural limitations to development, such as mountains or waterways; • Rental demand is enhanced by affordability of rents relative to costs of for-sale housing; and • Housing demand that is based on job growth, proximity to jobs, high median incomes and the quality of life including related commuting factors. Recognizing that all real estate markets are cyclical, the Company regularly evaluates the results of its regional economic, and local market research, and adjusts the geographic focus of its portfolio accordingly.  The Company seeks to increase its Portfolio allocation in markets projected to have the strongest local economies and to decrease such allocations in markets  1 Table of Contents projected to have declining economic conditions.  Likewise, the Company also seeks to increase its Portfolio allocation in markets that have attractive property valuations and to decrease such allocations in markets that have inflated valuations and low relative yields. Property Operations  – The Company manages its communities by focusing on activities that may generate above-average rental growth, tenant retention/satisfaction and long-term asset appreciation.  The Company intends to achieve this by utilizing the strategies set forth below: • Property Management   –  Oversee delivery of and quality of the housing provided to our residents and manage the properties financial performance. • Capital Preservation – Asset Management is responsible for the planning, budgeting and completion of major capital improvement projects at the Company’s communities. • Business Planning and Control –  Comprehensive business plans are implemented in conjunction with significant investment decisions.  These plans include benchmarks for future financial performance, based on collaborative discussions between on-site managers and senior management. • Development and Redevelopment –  The Company focuses on acquiring and developing apartment communities in supply constrained markets, and redeveloping its existing communities to improve the financial and physical aspects of the Company’s communities. CURRENT BUSINESS ACTIVITIES Merger with BRE Properties, Inc.   On April 1, 2014, Essex completed the merger with BRE Properties, Inc. (“BRE”).  In connection with the closing of the merger, (1) BRE merged into a wholly owned subsidiary of Essex, and (2) each outstanding share of BRE common stock was converted into (i) 0.2971 shares (the “Stock Consideration”) of Essex common stock, and (ii) $7.18 in cash, (the “Cash Consideration”), plus cash in lieu of fractional shares for total consideration of approximately $4.3 billion.  The Cash Consideration was adjusted as a result of the authorization and declaration of a special distribution to the stockholders of BRE of $5.15 per share of BRE common stock payable to BRE stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, 2014 (the “Special Dividend”).  The Special Dividend was payable as a result of the closing of the sale of certain interests in assets of BRE to certain parties, which closed on March 31, 2014.  Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the amounts payable as a Special Dividend reduced the Cash Consideration of $12.33 payable by Essex in the merger to $7.18 per share of BRE common stock.          Essex issued approximately 23.1 million shares of Essex common stock as Stock Consideration in the merger.  For purchase accounting, the value of the common stock issued by Essex upon the consummation of the merger was determined based on the closing price of BRE’s common stock on the closing date of the merger. As a result of Essex being admitted to the S&P 500 on the same date as the closing of the merger, Essex’s common stock price experienced significantly higher than usual trading volume and the closing price of $174 per share was significantly higher than its volume-weighted average trading price for the days before and after April 1, 2014.  BRE’s common stock did not experience the same proportionate increase in common stock price leading up to April 1, 2014.  As a result, given that a substantial component of the purchase price is an exchange of equity instruments, Essex used the closing price of BRE’s common stock on April 1, 2014 of $61 per share, less the Cash Consideration, as the fair value of the equity consideration.  After deducting the Special Dividend and the Cash Consideration per share, this resulted in a value of $48.67 per share of BRE common stock which is the equivalent of approximately $164 per share of Essex common stock issued.   Acquisitions of Real Estate Acquisitions are an important component of the Company’s business plan, and during  2014 , the Company and its co-investments acquired ownership interests in  seven  communities comprising of  2,578  units for  $640.7 million .  The following is a summary of  2014  acquisitions ($ in millions):   2 Table of Contents             Essex Ownership           Purchase Property Name   Location   Units   Percentage   Ownership   Quarter in 2014    Price The Avery   Los Angeles, CA   121   100 %   EPLP   Q1 2014   $ 35.0 Piedmont   Bellevue, WA   396   100 %   EPLP   Q2 2014   76.8 Collins on Pine   Seattle, WA   76   100 %   EPLP   Q2 2014   29.2 Paragon   Fremont, CA   301   100 %   EPLP   Q3 2014   111.0 Apex   Milpitas, CA   366   100 %   EPLP   Q3 2014   150.0 Ellington at Bellevue   Bellevue, WA   220   100 %   EPLP   Q3 2014   58.7 Palm Valley (1)   San Jose, CA   1,098   50 %   JV   Q4 2014   180.0 Total 2014   2,578               $ 640.7  (1) The Palm Valley purchase price represents the Company's share of the property. Dispositions of Real Estate As part of its strategic plan to own quality real estate in supply-constrained markets, the Company continually evaluates all the communities and sells those which no longer meet its strategic criteria.  The Company may use the capital generated from the dispositions to invest in higher-return communities or other real estate investments, or repay unsecured and line of credit debts.  The Company believes that the sale of these communities will not have a material impact on its future results of operations or cash flows nor will their sale materially affect its ongoing operations.  Generally, the Company seeks to have any impact of earnings dilution resulting from these dispositions offset by the positive impact of its acquisitions, development and redevelopment activities. During  2014 , the Company sold  four  apartment communities, Vista Capri, Coldwater Canyon, Mt. Sutro,   and Pinnacle Town Center for a total of  $120.4 million , resulting in total gains of $43.6 million. During 2014, Essex Apartment Value Fund II, L.P. (“Fund II”) sold Davey Glen for $23.8 million and Alderwood Park for $23.5 million.  In connection with the sales, Fund II incurred a prepayment penalty on debt of which the Company’s pro rata share was  $0.2 million .  The total gains on the transactions in 2014 were  $23.3 million , of which the Company’s share was  $6.6 million .  Development Pipeline The Company defines development projects as new communities that are in various stages of active development, or are in the process of leasing activities prior to stabilization.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had two consolidated development projects and ten joint venture development projects comprised of  2,920  units for an estimated cost of  $1.5 billion , of which  $420.0 million  remains to be expended. The Company defines the predevelopment projects as proposed communities in negotiation or in the entitlement process with an expected high likelihood of becoming entitled development projects.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had various consolidated predevelopment projects.  The Company may also acquire land for future development purposes or sale. The following table sets forth information regarding the Company’s development pipeline ($ in millions): 3 Table of Contents                  As of                  12/31/2014          Essex       Incurred   Estimated Development Pipeline   Location   Ownership%   Units   Project Cost   Project Cost (1) Development Projects - Consolidated                     MB 360   San Francisco, CA   100 %   360   $ 226   $ 275 Radius   Redwood City, CA   100 %   264   163   172 Total - Consolidated Development Projects           624   389   447 Development Projects - Joint Venture                     Epic - Phase III   San Jose, CA   55 %   200   64   97 The Dylan   West Hollywood, CA   50 %   184   78   78 Mosso II   San Francisco, CA   55 %   282   143   150 Park 20   San Mateo, CA   55 %   197   74   77 One South Market   San Jose, CA   55 %   312   120   145 The Village   Walnut Creek, CA   50 %   49   60   89 Emme   Emeryville, CA   55 %   190   62   62 Owens   Pleasanton, CA   55 %   255   26   89 Hacienda   Pleasanton, CA   55 %   251   16   86 Century Towers   San Jose, CA   50 %   376   40   172 Total - Joint Venture Development Projects           2,296   683   1,045 Predevelopment Projects - Consolidated                     Other Projects   various   100 %   —   45   45 Total - Predevelopment Projects           —   45   45 Grand Total - Development and Predevelopment Pipeline           2,920   $ 1,117   $ 1,537 (1) Includes incurred costs and estimated costs to complete these development projects. For predevelopment projects, only incurred costs are included in estimated costs. Redevelopment Pipeline The Company defines redevelopment pipeline as existing properties owned or recently acquired, which have been targeted for additional investment by the Company with the expectation of increased financial returns through property improvement.  During redevelopment, apartment units may not be available for rent and, as a result, may have less than stabilized operations.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had ownership interests in three redevelopment communities aggregating  963  apartment units with estimated redevelopment costs of  $122.0 million , of which approximately  $96.4 million  remains to be expended. Long Term Debt During 2014, the Company repaid $24.1 million of principal outstanding on its secured mortgage debt at an average interest rate of 4.9%. In April 2014, the Company issued $400 million of 3.875% senior unsecured notes that mature in May 2024. The interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing November 1, 2014 until the maturity date in May 2024. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay indebtedness under the Company’s $1.0 billion unsecured line of credit facility and for other general corporate purposes. The carrying value of the 2024 Notes, net of discount was $397.2 million as of December 31, 2014. 4 Table of Contents In April 2014, the Company, assumed  $900.0 million  aggregate principal amount of BRE’s  5.500%  senior notes due 2017;  5.200%  senior notes due 2021; and  3.375%  senior notes due 2023 (together “BRE Notes”). The carrying value of the BRE Notes, net of premium, was  $934.7 million  as of December 31, 2014. Also, in connection with the Merger, the Company assumed approximately $711.3 million of secured debt with remaining loan terms ranging from one to seven years and a weighted average interest rate of 5.6%. Bank Debt As of  December 31, 2014 , Fitch Ratings ("Fitch"), Moody’s Investor Service, and Standard and Poor's (“S&P”) credit agencies rated Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Essex Portfolio, L.P. BBB+/Stable, Baa2/Stable, and BBB/Stable, respectively. In January 2014, the Company increased the capacity of the unsecured line of credit facility from $600.0 million to $1.0 billion and included an accordion feature pursuant to which the Company could expand to $1.5 billion.  This facility matures in December 2017 with one 18-month extension, exercisable at the Company's option.  In January 2015, the facility maturity date was extended to  December 31, 2018  with one 18-month extension, exercisable by the Company. The facility carries an interest rate based on its current credit ratings of LIBOR plus 0.95%. In January 2014, the Company extended the $25.0 million working capital unsecured line of credit for two additional years and reduced the pricing which carries an interest rate based on a tiered rate structure tied to Fitch and S&P ratings on the credit facility of LIBOR plus 0.95%. In January 2014, the Company reduced the pricing on its  $350.0 million  unsecured term loan by 15 basis points to LIBOR plus 1.05%. In December 2014, the Company repaid $125.0 million outstanding on this term loan. Equity Transactions Essex issued approximately 23,067,446 shares of Essex common stock as Stock Consideration in the BRE merger. Excluding shares issued in connection with the BRE merger, during  2014 , ESS issued  2,964,315  shares of common stock at an average share price of  $181.56  for proceeds of  $534.0 million , net of fees and commissions.  During the first quarter of  2015  through  February 24, 2015 , ESS has issued  636,021  shares of common stock at an average price of  $224.76  for proceeds of  $142.0 million , net of fees and commissions.  ESS contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership and used the proceeds to fund external growth and for general corporate purposes. Co-investments The Company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint ventures or partnerships (including limited liability companies) through which we own an indirect economic interest in less than 100% of the community or land owned directly by the joint venture or partnership.  For each joint venture the Company holds a 50% to 55% non-controlling interest in the venture and will earn customary management fees and may earn development, asset property management fees and may also earn a promote interest. The Company has also made, and may continue in the future to make, preferred equity investments in various multifamily development projects. The Company earns a preferred rate of return on these investments. OFFICES AND EMPLOYEES The Company is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has regional offices in Woodland Hills, California; Irvine, California; San Diego, California and Bellevue, Washington.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had  1,725  employees. INSURANCE  The Company purchases general liability and all risk property, including loss of rent, insurance coverage for each of its communities.  The Company also purchases limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance.  There are certain types of losses which may not be covered or could exceed coverage limits.  The insurance programs are subject to deductibles and self-insured retentions in varying amounts.  The Company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC ("PWI") to self-insure certain earthquake and all risk losses.  As of  December 31, 2014 , PWI has cash and marketable securities of approximately  $57.6 million , and is consolidated in the Company's financial statements. 5 Table of Contents All the communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity.  The Company evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models developed by the insurance industry and property vulnerability based on structural evaluations of seismic consultants.  The Company manages this exposure, where considered appropriate, desirable, and cost-effective, by upgrading properties to increase their resistance to forces caused by seismic events, by considering available funds and coverages provided by PWI and/or by purchasing seismic insurance.  Since 2013, the Company accessed the commercial marketplace to purchase Earthquake insurance for certain properties.    In addition, the Company carries other types of insurance coverage related to a variety of risks and exposures, including cyber-attack.   Based on market conditions, the Company may change or potentially eliminate insurance coverages, or increase levels of self-insurance.  Further, we cannot assure you that the company will not incur losses, which could be material, due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits. COMPETITION There are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the Company’s communities in attracting residents.  These include other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes.  If the demand for the Company’s communities is reduced or if competitors develop and/or acquire competing housing, rental rates and occupancy may drop which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. The Company faces competition from other real estate investment trusts, businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities.  Some competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than the Company.  This competition may result in increased costs of apartment communities the Company acquires and or develops. WORKING CAPITAL The Company believes that cash flows generated by its operations, existing cash and marketable securities balances, availability under existing lines of credit, access to capital markets and the ability to generate cash from the disposition of real estate are sufficient to meet all of its reasonably anticipated cash needs during  2015 . The timing, source and amounts of cash flows provided by financing activities and used in investing activities are sensitive to changes in interest rates and other fluctuations in the capital markets environment, which can affect the Company’s plans for acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment activities. ENVIRONMENTAL CONSIDERATIONS See the discussion under the caption, “Risks Related to Real Estate Investments and Our Operations -  The Company’s Portfolio may have environmental liabilities ” in Item 1A, Risk Factors, for information concerning the potential effect of environmental regulations on its operations, which discussion under the caption “ The Company’s Portfolio may have environmental liabilities ” is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. OTHER MATTERS Certain Policies of the Company The Company intends to continue to operate in a manner that will not subject it to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company has in the past five years and may in the future (i) issue securities senior to its common stock, (ii) fund acquisition activities with borrowings under its line of credit and (iii) offer shares of common stock and/or units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership or affiliated partnerships as partial consideration for property acquisitions. The Company from time to time acquires partnership interests in partnerships and joint ventures, either directly or indirectly through subsidiaries of the Company, when such entities’ underlying assets are real estate. The Company invests primarily in apartment communities that are located in predominantly coastal markets within Southern California, the San Francisco Bay Area, and the Seattle metropolitan area. The Company currently intends to continue to invest in apartment communities in such regions.  However, these practices may be reviewed and modified periodically by management. 6 Table of Contents ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS For purposes of this section, the term “stockholders” means the holders of shares of Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s common stock and preferred stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Essex Portfolio, L.P.’s unit holders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our company, our properties and our business.  Our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual operating results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. Risks Related to Real Investments and Our Operations General real estate investment risks may adversely affect property income and values.  Real estate investments are subject to a variety of risks. If the communities do not generate sufficient income to meet operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, cash flow and the ability to make distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. Income from the communities may be further adversely affected by, among other things, the following factors: • the general economic climate; • local economic conditions in which the communities are located, such as oversupply of housing or a reduction in demand for rental housing; • the attractiveness of the communities to tenants; • competition from other available housing; • rent control or stabilization laws or other laws regulating housing; and • the Company’s ability to provide for adequate maintenance and insurance. As leases at the communities expire, tenants may enter into new leases on terms that are less favorable to the Company. Income and real estate values also may be adversely affected by such factors as applicable laws (e.g., the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and tax laws). Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and, therefore, the Company’s ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions may be quite limited. Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents.   Substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. Because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. The Company may not realize the expected benefits of its merger with BRE because of transition difficulties and other challenges.   As a result of its merger with BRE Properties, Inc., the Company will face various additional risks, including, among others, the following: • the Company has incurred substantial expenses related to the merger; • the Company may be unable to integrate BRE successfully and realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the merger or do so within the anticipated timeframe; • properties acquired pursuant to the merger are subject to property value reassessments by taxing authorities, which may in turn lead to property tax increases that are higher than anticipated; • the Company's future results will suffer if the Company does not effectively manage its expanded operations resulting from the merger; and • joint ventures entered into in connection with the merger could be adversely affected by the Company’s lack of sole decision-making authority, its reliance on its joint venture partner’s financial condition and disputes between the Company and its joint venture partner.  Any of these risks could adversely affect the Company's business and financial results. We may pursue acquisitions, dispositions, investments and joint ventures, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  We may make acquisitions of and investments in businesses that offer complementary properties and communities to augment our market coverage, or enhance our property offerings, such as our recent acquisition of BRE. We may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to achieve these goals. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, alliance, or joint venture opportunities, that we will be able to consummate any such transactions or relationships on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or that such transactions or relationships will be successful. In addition,  7 Table of Contents our original estimates and assumptions used in assessing any acquisition may be inaccurate, and we may not realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of any such acquisition. From time to time, we may also divest portions of our business that are no longer strategically important or exit minority investments, which could materially affect our FFO, cash flows and results of operations. These transactions or any other acquisitions or dispositions involve risks and uncertainties. For example, the integration of acquired businesses may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. To integrate acquired businesses, we must implement our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls, and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations. There can be no assurance that all pre-acquisition property due diligence will have identified all material issues that might arise with respect to such acquired business and its properties. Any acquisition may also cause us to assume liabilities and ongoing lawsuits, acquire goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential impairment charges, incur amortization expense related to certain intangible assets, increase our expenses and working capital requirements, and subject us to litigation, which would reduce our return on invested capital. In addition, if the businesses or properties that we acquire have a different pricing or cost structure than we do, such acquisitions may adversely affect our profitability and reduce our overall margin. Failure to manage and successfully integrate the acquisitions we make or to improve margins of the acquired businesses and products could materially harm our business, operating results and margins. Any dispositions we may make may also result in ongoing obligations to us following any such divestiture, for example as a result of any transition services or indemnities we agree to provide to the purchaser in any such transaction, which may result in additional expenses and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. Any future acquisitions we make may also require significant additional debt or equity financing, which, in the case of debt financing, would increase our leverage and potentially affect our credit ratings and, in the case of equity or equity-linked financing, would be dilutive to our existing stockholders. We also assumed a significant amount of debt in connection with our acquisition of BRE, which is secured by the substantial majority of the properties acquired. Any downgrades in our credit ratings associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our ability to borrow by resulting in more restrictive borrowing terms. As a result of the foregoing, we also may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions in the future to the same extent as in the past, or at all. These and other factors could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability at acquired operations or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. All of the above factors apply to our acquisition of BRE. National and regional economic environments can negatively impact the Company’s operating results.  During the recent past, a confluence of factors has resulted in job losses, turmoil and volatility in the capital markets, and caused a national and global recession. The Company's forecast for the national economy assumes growth of the gross domestic product of the national economy and the economies of the west coast states. In the event of another recession, the Company could incur reductions in rental rates, occupancy levels, property valuations and increases in operating costs such as advertising and turnover expenses. Inflation/Deflation may affect rental rates and operating expenses.  Substantial inflationary or deflationary pressures could have a negative effect on rental rates and property operating expenses. Acquisitions of communities may fail to meet expectations.  The Company intends to continue to acquire apartment communities. However, there are risks that acquisitions will fail to meet the Company’s expectations. The Company’s estimates of future income, expenses and the costs of improvements or redevelopment that are necessary to allow the Company to market an acquired apartment community as originally intended may prove to be inaccurate. The Company expects to finance future acquisitions, in whole or in part, under various forms of secured or unsecured financing or through the issuance of partnership units by the Operating Partnership or related partnerships or additional equity by the Company. The use of equity financing, rather than debt, for future developments or acquisitions could dilute the interest of the Company’s existing stockholders. If the Company finances new acquisitions under existing lines of credit, there is a risk that, unless the Company obtains substitute financing, the Company may not be able to secure further lines of credit for new development or such lines of credit may be not available on advantageous terms. Development and redevelopment activities may be delayed, not completed, and/or not achieve expected results.  The Company pursues development and redevelopment projects and these projects generally require various governmental and other approvals, which have no assurance of being received. The Company’s development and redevelopment activities generally entail certain risks, including the following: • funds may be expended and management's time devoted to projects that may not be completed; 8 Table of Contents • construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates possibly making the project economically unfeasible; • projects may be delayed due to, without limitation, adverse weather conditions, labor or material shortage; • occupancy rates and rents at a completed project may be less than anticipated; and • expenses at completed development projects may be higher than anticipated. These risks may reduce the funds available for distribution to the Company’s stockholders. Further, the development and redevelopment of communities is also subject to the general risks associated with real estate investments. For further information regarding these risks, please see the risk factor titled “ General real estate investment risks may adversely affect property income and values. ” The geographic concentration of the Company’s communities and fluctuations in local markets may adversely impact the Company’s financial condition and operating results.  The Company generated significant amounts of rental revenues for the year ended  December 31, 2014 , from the Company’s communities concentrated in Southern California (Los Angeles, Orange, Santa Barbara, San Diego, and Ventura counties), Northern California (the San Francisco Bay Area), and the Seattle metropolitan area. For the year ended  December 31, 2014 ,  80%  of the Company’s rental revenues were generated from communities located in California. This geographic concentration could present risks if local property market performance falls below expectations. The economic condition of these markets could adversely affect underlying asset values and the occupancy, property revenues, and expenses of the Company's communities. The financial results of major local employers also may impact the cash flow and value of certain of the communities. This could have a negative impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results, which could affect the Company’s ability to pay expected dividends to its stockholders and the Operating Partnership’s ability to pay expected distributions to unit holders. Our property taxes could increase due to reassessment or property tax rate changes .   Real property taxes on our properties may increase as our properties are reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. Thus, our real estate taxes in the State of Washington could increase as a result of property value reassessments or increased property tax rates in that state. A current California law commonly referred to as Proposition 13 generally limits annual real estate tax increases on California properties to 2% of assessed value. However, under Proposition 13, property tax reassessment generally occurs as a result of a “change in ownership” of a property, as specially defined for purposes of those rules. Because the property taxing authorities may not determine whether there has been a “change in ownership” or the actual reassessed value of a property for a period of time after a transaction has occurred, we may not know the impact of a potential reassessment for a considerable amount of time following a particular transaction. Therefore, the amount of property taxes we are required to pay could increase substantially from the property taxes we currently pay or have paid in the past, including on a retroactive basis. In addition, from time to time voters and lawmakers have announced initiatives to repeal or amend Proposition 13   to eliminate its application to commercial and industrial property and/or introduce split tax roll legislation. Such initiatives, if successful, would increase the assessed value and/or tax rates applicable to commercial property in California, including our apartment communities. An increase in the assessed value of our properties or our property tax rates could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Competition in the apartment community market may adversely affect operations and the rental demand for the Company’s communities.  There are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the Company’s communities in attracting residents. These include other apartment communities and single-family homes that are available for rent in the markets in which the communities are located. If the demand for the Company’s communities is reduced or if competitors develop and/or acquire competing apartment communities, rental rates may drop, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. The Company also faces competition from other real estate investment trusts, businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities. This competition may result in an increase in costs and prices of apartment communities that the Company acquires and/or develops.   Bond compliance requirements may limit income from certain communities.  At  December 31, 2014 , the Company had approximately  $179.2 million  of variable rate tax-exempt financing. This tax-exempt financing provides for certain deed restrictions and restrictive covenants. The Company expects to engage in tax-exempt financings in the future. The Code and rules and regulations thereunder impose various restrictions, conditions and requirements in order to allow the note holder to exclude interest on qualified bond obligations from gross income for federal income tax purposes. The Code also requires that at least 20% of apartment units be made available to residents with gross incomes that do not exceed a specified percentage, generally 50%, of the median income for the applicable family size as determined by the Housing and Urban Development Department of the federal government. Certain state and local authorities may impose additional rental restrictions. These restrictions may limit income from the tax-exempt financed communities if the Company is required to lower rental rates to attract residents who satisfy the median income test. If the Company does not reserve the required number of apartment homes for residents satisfying these income requirements, the tax-exempt status of the bonds may be terminated, the obligations under the bond documents may be accelerated and the Company may be subject to additional contractual liability. 9 Table of Contents Investments in mortgages and other real estate securities could affect the Company’s ability to make distributions to stockholders.  The Company may invest in securities related to real estate, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to make distributions to stockholders. The Company may purchase securities issued by entities which own real estate and invest in mortgages or unsecured debt obligations. These mortgages may be first, second or third mortgages that may or may not be insured or otherwise guaranteed. In general, investments in mortgages include the following risks: • that the value of mortgaged property may be less than the amounts owed, causing realized or unrealized losses; • the borrower may not pay indebtedness under the mortgage when due, requiring the Company to foreclose, and the amount recovered in connection with the foreclosure may be less than the amount owed; • that interest rates payable on the mortgages may be lower than the Company’s cost of funds; and • in the case of junior mortgages, that foreclosure of a senior mortgage could eliminate the junior mortgage. If any of the above were to occur, it could adversely affect cash flows from operations and the Company’s ability to make expected dividends to stockholders and the Operating Partnership’s ability to make expected distributions to unit holders. Compliance with laws benefiting disabled persons may require the Company to make significant unanticipated expenditures or impact the Company’s investment strategy.  A number of federal, state and local laws (including the Americans with Disabilities Act) and regulations exist that may require modifications to existing buildings or restrict certain renovations by requiring improved access to such buildings by disabled persons and may require other structural features which add to the cost of buildings under construction. Legislation or regulations adopted in the future may impose further burdens or restrictions on the Company with respect to improved access by disabled persons. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations may be substantial. The Company’s Portfolio may have environmental liabilities.  Under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances we have been from time to time, and may be required in the future, regardless of knowledge or responsibility, to investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases naturally occurring substances such as methane and radon gas) and may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for response costs, property damage, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the contamination resulting from such releases.  While the Company is unaware of any such response action required or damage claims associated with its existing properties which individually or in aggregate would have a materially adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition or results of operations, potential future costs and damage claims may be substantial and could exceed any insurance coverage we may or may not have for such events.  Further, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate the contamination, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property.  In addition, some environmental laws create or allow a government agency to impose a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs as a result of the contamination. Certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos-containing materials ("ACMs") into the air, and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of apartment communities for personal injury associated with ACMs.  In connection with the ownership (direct or indirect), operation, management and development of our communities, the Company could be considered an owner or operator of such properties or as having arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances and, therefore, may be potentially liable for removal or remediation costs, as well as certain other costs, including governmental fines and costs related to injuries of persons and property. Investments in real property create a potential for environmental liabilities on the part of the owner of such real property.  The Company carries certain limited insurance coverage for this type of environmental risk as to its properties; however, such coverage is not fully available for all properties and, as to those properties for which limited coverage is fully available it may not apply to certain claims arising from known conditions present on those properties.  In general, in connection with the ownership, operation, financing, management and development of its communities, the Company may be potentially liable for removal or clean-up costs, as well as certain other costs and environmental liabilities.  The Company may also be subject to governmental fines and costs related to injuries to third persons and damage to their property. Properties which we intend to acquire undergo a pre-acquisition Phase I environmental site assessment before acquisition intended to afford the Company protection against so-called “owner liability” under the primary federal environmental law, as well as further environmental assessment, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling except where conditions warranting such further assessment are identified and seller’s consent is obtained.  While such assessments are conducted in accordance with applicable “appropriate inquiry" standards, no assurance can be given that all environmental conditions present will be discovered or that the full nature and extent of those conditions which are discovered will be adequately ascertained and quantified. 10 Table of Contents In connection with our ownership, operation and development of communities, from time to time we undertake remedial action in response to the presence of subsurface or other contaminants, including contaminants in soil, groundwater and soil vapor beneath or affecting our buildings.  The Company does so under appropriate environmental regulatory requirements with the objective of obtaining regulatory closure or a no further action determination that will allow for future use, development and sale of any impacted community. Mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time.  Although the occurrence of mold at multifamily and other structures, and the need to remediate such mold, is not a new phenomenon, there has been increased awareness in recent years that certain molds may in some instances lead to adverse health effects, including allergic or other reactions.  The Company has adopted policies for promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold when it is detected, and to minimize any impact mold might have on residents of the property.  The Company believes its mold policies and proactive response to address any known existence reduces its risk of loss from these cases; however, no assurance can be provided that the Company has identified and responded to all mold occurrences.  California has enacted legislation commonly referred to as "Proposition 65" requiring that "clear and reasonable" warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, including tobacco smoke.  Although the Company has sought to comply with Proposition 65 requirements, the Company cannot assure you that the Company will not be adversely affected by litigation relating to Proposition 65. Methane gas is a naturally-occurring gas that is commonly found below the surface in several areas, particularly in the Southern California coastal areas.  Methane is a non-toxic gas, but can be flammable and can be explosive at sufficient concentrations when in confined spaces and exposed to an ignition source.  Naturally-occurring, methane gas is regulated at the state and federal level as a greenhouse gas but is not otherwise regulated as a hazardous substance, however some local governments, such as the County of Los Angeles, have imposed requirements that new buildings install detection and/or venting systems in areas where naturally occurring methane gas is known to be located and can accumulate.  Methane gas is also associated with certain industrial activities, such as former municipal waste landfills.  Radon is also a naturally-occurring gas that is found below the surface.  The Company cannot assure you that it will not be adversely affected by costs related to its compliance with methane or radon gas related requirements or litigation costs related to methane or radon gas. We cannot assure you that costs or liabilities incurred as a result of environmental matters will not affect our ability to make distributions to stockholders, or that such costs or liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations; provided, however, the Company is unaware of any pending or threatened alleged claim resulting from such matters which would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Adverse changes in laws may affect the Company's liability relating to its properties and its operations.  Increases in real estate taxes and income, service and transfer taxes cannot always be passed through to residents or users in the form of higher rents, and may adversely affect the Company's cash available for distribution and its ability to make distributions to its stockholders and pay amounts due on its debt. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, as well as changes in laws affecting development, construction and safety requirements, may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its ability to make distributions to its stockholders and pay amounts due on our debt. For example, the California statute known as "SB375" provides that, in order to reduce greenhouse emissions, there should be regional planning to coordinate housing needs with regional transportation. Such planning could lead to restrictions on property development that adversely affect the Company. In addition, future enactment of rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating multifamily housing, as well as any lawsuits against the Company arising from such rent control or other laws, may reduce rental revenues or increase operating costs. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financings Capital and credit market conditions may affect the Company’s access to sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could negatively affect the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.   In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to the Company may be adversely affected.  The Company’s current balance sheet, the debt capacity available on the unsecured line of credit with a diversified bank group, access to the public and private placement debt markets and secured debt financing providers such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac provides some insulation from volatile capital markets. 11 Table of Contents Historically, the Company has utilized borrowing from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  There are no assurances that these entities will lend to the Company in the future.  Beginning in 2011, the Company has primarily utilized unsecured debt and has repaid secured debt at or near their respective maturity and has placed less reliance on agency mortgage debt financing.  The Administration and lawmakers have proposed potential options for the future of agency mortgage finance in the U.S. that could involve the phase out of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  While we believe Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will continue to provide liquidity to our sector, should they discontinue doing so, have their mandates changed or reduced or be disbanded or reorganized by the government, it would reduce our access to debt capital and could adversely affect our ability to finance or refinance existing indebtedness at competitive rates and it may adversely affect our ability to sell assets.  In general, to the extent that the Company’s access to capital and credit is at a higher cost than the Company has experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing without corresponding change to investment cap rates) the Company’s ability to make acquisitions, develop communities, obtain new financing, and refinance existing borrowing at competitive rates could adversely impact the Company's financial standing and related credit rating. Debt financing has inherent risks.   At December 31, 2014, the Company had approximately  $5.1 billion  of indebtedness (including  $660.6 million  of variable rate indebtedness, of which  $225.0 million  is subject to interest rate swaps effectively fixing the interest rate and  $153.2 million  is subject to interest rate cap protection).  The Company is subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the following: • cash flow may not be sufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest; • inability to refinance maturing indebtedness on encumbered apartment communities; • inability to comply with debt covenants could cause an acceleration of the maturity date; and • paying debt before the scheduled maturity date could result in prepayment penalties. The Company may not be able to refinance its indebtedness. This indebtedness includes secured mortgages, and the communities subject to these mortgages could be foreclosed upon or otherwise transferred to the lender. This could cause the Company to lose income and asset value. The Company may be required to refinance the debt at higher interest rates or on terms that may not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. Debt financing of communities may result in insufficient cash flow to service debt.  Where appropriate, the Company intends to continue to use leverage to increase the rate of return on the Company’s investments and to provide for additional investments that the Company could not otherwise make. There is a risk that the cash flow from the communities will be insufficient to meet both debt payment obligations and the distribution requirements of the real estate investment trust provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). The Company may obtain additional debt financing in the future through mortgages on some or all of the communities. These mortgages may be recourse, non-recourse, or cross-collateralized. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our operations, working capital and capital expenditures, depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. To a certain extent, our cash flow is subject to general economic, industry, regional, financial, competitive, operating, legislative, regulatory, taxation and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. As of December 31, 2014, the Company had 68 consolidated communities encumbered by debt. With respect to the 68 communities encumbered by debt, all of them are secured by deeds of trust relating solely to those communities. The holders of this indebtedness will have rights with respect to these communities and lenders may seek foreclosure of communities which would reduce the Company’s income and net asset value, and its ability to service other debt. Rising interest rates may affect the Company’s costs of capital and financing activities and results of operation.  Interest rates could increase, which could result in higher interest expense on the Company’s variable rate indebtedness or increase interest rates when refinancing maturing fixed rate debt. Prolonged interest rate increases could negatively impact the Company’s ability to make acquisitions and develop apartment communities with positive economic returns on investment and the Company’s ability to refinance existing borrowings. Interest rate hedging arrangements may result in losses.  Periodically, the Company has entered into agreements to reduce the risks associated with increases in interest rates, and may continue to do so. Although these agreements may partially protect against rising interest rates, they also may reduce the benefits to the Company if interest rates decline. If a hedging arrangement is not indexed to the same rate as the indebtedness that is hedged, the Company may be exposed to losses to the extent that the rate governing the indebtedness and the rate governing the hedging arrangement change independently of each other. Finally, nonperformance by the other party to the hedging arrangement may subject the Company to increased credit risks. In order to  12 Table of Contents minimize counterparty credit risk, the Company enters into hedging arrangements only with financial institutions that have a current rating of A or higher. A downgrade in the Company's investment grade credit rating could materially and adversely affect its business and financial condition.  The Company plans to manage its operations to maintain its investment grade credit rating with a capital structure consistent with its current profile, but there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain its current credit ratings. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Changes in the Company’s financing policy may lead to higher levels of indebtedness.  The Company’s organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred.  The Company has adopted a policy of maintaining a limit on debt financing consistent with the existing covenants required to maintain the Company’s unsecured line of credit bank facility, unsecured debt and senior unsecured bonds. If the Company changed this policy, the Company could incur more debt, which could result in a default under the Company's existing indebtedness, thereby causing such indebtedness to become due and payable, and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Such increased debt could exceed the underlying value of the communities. Risks Related to Our Organization and Ownership of Essex’s Stock The Company depends on its key personnel.    The Company’s success depends on its ability to attract and retain executive officers, senior officers and company managers. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry and the loss of any of the Company’s key personnel could have an adverse effect on the Company. The price per share of the Company’s stock may fluctuate significantly.  The market price per share of the Company’s common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, including without limitation: • regional, national and global economic conditions; • actual or anticipated variations in the Company’s quarterly operating results or dividends; • changes in the Company’s funds from operations or earnings estimates; • issuances of common stock, preferred stock or convertible debt securities; • publication of research reports about the Company or the real estate industry; • the general reputation of real estate investment trusts and the attractiveness of their equity securities in comparison to other equity securities (including securities issued by other real estate based companies); • general stock and bond market conditions, including changes in interest rates on fixed income securities, that may lead prospective purchasers of the Company’s stock to demand a higher annual yield from dividends; • availability to capital markets and cost of capital; • a change in analyst ratings or the Company’s credit ratings; • terrorist activity may adversely affect the markets in which the Company’s securities trade, possibly increasing market volatility and causing erosion of business and consumer confidence and spending; and • natural disasters such as earthquakes. Many of the factors listed above are beyond the Company’s control. These factors may cause the market price of shares of the Company’s common stock to decline, regardless of the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, or business prospects. The Company’s future issuances of common stock, preferred stock or convertible debt securities could adversely affect the market price of the Company’s common stock.  In order to finance the Company’s acquisition and development activities, the Company has issued and sold common stock, preferred stock and convertible debt securities. For example, during the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company issued  3.0 million  (excluding shares issued in connection with the BRE merger) and  0.9 million  shares of common stock for  $534.0 million  and  $138.4 million , net of fees and commissions, respectively. The Company may in the future sell further shares of common stock, including pursuant to its equity distribution programs with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Barclays Capital Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC ("Jefferies"), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("JP Morgan"), Liquidnet, Inc., Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc., and UBS Securities LLC ("UBS"). In 2014, the Company filed a new shelf registration statement with the SEC, allowing the Company to sell an undetermined number of equity and debt securities as defined in the prospectus. Future sales of common stock, preferred stock or convertible  13 Table of Contents debt securities may dilute stockholder ownership in the Company and could adversely affect the market price of the common stock.   The Company’s joint ventures and joint ownership of communities and partial interests in corporations and limited partnerships could limit the Company’s ability to control such communities and partial interests.  Instead of purchasing and developing apartment communities directly, the Company has invested and may continue to invest in joint ventures. Joint venture partners often have shared control over the development and operation of the joint venture assets. Therefore, it is possible that a joint venture partner in an investment might become bankrupt, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with the Company’s business interests or goals, or be in a position to take action contrary to the Company’s instructions or requests, or its policies or objectives. Consequently, a joint venture partners’ actions might subject property owned by the joint venture to additional risk. Although the Company seeks to maintain sufficient influence over any joint venture to achieve its objectives, the Company may be unable to take action without its joint venture partners’ approval, or joint venture partners could take actions binding on the joint venture without its consent. A joint venture partner might fail to approve decisions that are in the Company’s best interest. Should a joint venture partner become bankrupt, the Company could become liable for such partner’s share of joint venture liabilities. In some instances, the Company and the joint venture partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause the Company to sell its interest, or acquire a partner’s interest, at a time when the Company otherwise would have not have initiated such a transaction. From time to time, the Company, through the Operating Partnership, invests in corporations, limited partnerships, limited liability companies or other entities that have been formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing, financing, or managing real property. In certain circumstances, the Operating Partnership’s interest in a particular entity may be less than a majority of the outstanding voting interests of that entity. Therefore, the Operating Partnership’s ability to control the daily operations of such an entity may be limited. Furthermore, the Operating Partnership may not have the power to remove a majority of the board of directors (in the case of a corporation) or the general partner or partners (in the case of a limited partnership) of such an entity in the event that its operations conflict with the Operating Partnership’s objectives. The Operating Partnership may not be able to dispose of its interests in such an entity. In the event that such an entity becomes insolvent, the Operating Partnership may lose up to its entire investment in and any advances to the entity. The Company may also incur losses if any guarantees or indemnifications were made by the Company. The Company also owns properties indirectly under "downREIT" structures. The Company has, and in the future may, enter into transactions that could require the Company to pay the tax liabilities of partners, which contribute assets into downREITs, joint ventures or the Operating Partnership, in the event that certain taxable events, which are within the Company’s control, occur. Although the Company plans to hold the contributed assets or defer recognition of gain on sale pursuant to the like-kind exchange rules under Section 1031 of the Code, the Company can provide no assurance that the Company will be able to do so and if such tax liabilities were incurred they could have a material impact on its financial position. The Company’s Chairman is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest.  The Company’s Chairman, George M. Marcus is not an employee of the Company, and is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest. Mr. Marcus owns interests in various other real estate-related businesses and investments. He is the Chairman of the Marcus & Millichap Company (“MMC”), which is a parent company of a diversified group of real estate service, investment and development firms.  Mr. Marcus is also the Co-Chairman of Marcus & Millichap, Inc. (“MMI”), and Mr. Marcus owns a controlling interest in MMI.  MMI is a national brokerage firm listed on the NYSE that underwent its initial public offering in 2013. Mr. Marcus has agreed not to divulge any confidential or proprietary information that may be received by him in his capacity as Chairman of the Company to any of his affiliated companies and that he will absent himself from any and all resolutions by the Company's Board of Directors regarding any proposed acquisition and/or development of an apartment community where it appears that there may be a conflict of interest with any of his affiliated companies. Notwithstanding this agreement, Mr. Marcus and his affiliated entities may potentially compete with the Company in acquiring and/or developing apartment communities, which competition may be detrimental to the Company. In addition, due to such potential competition for real estate investments, Mr. Marcus and his affiliated entities may have a conflict of interest with the Company, which may be detrimental to the interests of the Company’s stockholders. The influence of executive officers, directors and significant stockholders may be detrimental to holders of common stock.  As of  December 31, 2014 , George M. Marcus, the Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors, wholly or partially owned 1.6 million shares of common stock (including shares issuable upon exchange of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership and certain other partnerships, indirectly held common shares and assuming exercise of all vested options), respectively.  Mr. Marcus currently does not have majority control over the Company. However, he currently has, and likely will continue to have, significant influence with respect to the election of directors and approval or disapproval of significant  14 Table of Contents corporate actions. Consequently, his influence could result in decisions that do not reflect the interests of all the Company’s stockholders. Under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, the consent of the holders of limited partnership interests is generally required for certain amendments of the agreement and for certain extraordinary actions. Through their ownership of limited partnership interests and their positions with the Company, the Company’s directors and executive officers, including Mr. Marcus, have substantial influence on the Company. Consequently, their influence could result in decisions that do not reflect the interests of all stockholders. The voting rights of preferred stock may allow holders of preferred stock to impede actions that otherwise benefit holders of common stock.  Essex currently has outstanding shares of 7.125% Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (“Series H Preferred Stock”). In general, the holders of the Company’s outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. However, if full distributions are not made on outstanding Series H Preferred Stock for six quarterly distributions periods, the holders of Series H Preferred Stock, together with holders of other series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred, will have the right to elect two additional directors to serve on Essex’s Board of Directors. These voting rights continue until all distributions in arrears and distributions for the current quarterly period on the Series H Preferred Stock have been paid in full. At that time, the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock are divested of these voting rights, and the term of office of the directors so elected immediately terminates. While any shares of the Company’s Series H Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company may not, without the consent of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock: • authorize or create any class or series of stock that ranks senior to the Series H Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company’s business; or • amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Company’s Charter, including by merger or consolidation, that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Series H Preferred Stock; provided that in the case of a merger or consolidation, so long as the Series H Preferred Stock remains outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged or the holders of shares of Series H Preferred Stock receive shares of stock or other equity securities with rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers substantially similar to that of the Series H Preferred Stock, the occurrence of such merger or consolidation shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the rights of the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock. These voting rights of the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock and of other preferred stock may allow such holders to impede or veto actions that would otherwise benefit the holders of the Company’s common stock.   The indentures governing our notes contain restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility.  The indentures that govern our publicly registered notes contain financial and operating covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to take specific actions, even if we believe them to be in our best interest, including restrictions on our ability to: • consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets; and • incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness. The instruments governing our other unsecured indebtedness require us to meet specified financial covenants, including covenants relating to net worth, fixed charge coverage, debt service coverage, the amounts of total indebtedness and secured indebtedness, leverage and certain investment limitations. These covenants may restrict our ability to expand or fully pursue our business strategies. Our ability to comply with these provisions and those contained in the indentures governing the notes, may be affected by changes in our operating and financial performance, changes in general business and economic conditions, adverse regulatory developments or other events adversely impacting us. The breach of any of these covenants, including those contained in our indentures, could result in a default under our indebtedness, which could cause those and other obligations to become due and payable. If any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay it. The Maryland business combination law may not allow certain transactions between the Company and its affiliates to proceed without compliance with such law.  Under Maryland law, “business combinations” between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as any person (and certain affiliates of such person) who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting stock. The law also requires a supermajority stockholder vote for such transactions. This means that the transaction must be approved by at least: 15 Table of Contents • 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting shares; and • Two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting shares other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom the business combination is to be effected. The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These voting provisions do not apply if the stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law. As permitted by the statute, the Board of Directors of the Company irrevocably has elected to exempt any business combination by the Company, George M. Marcus, who is the chairman of the Company, and MMC or any entity owned or controlled by Mr. Marcus and MMC. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and supermajority vote requirement described above will not apply to any business combination between the Company, Mr. Marcus, or MMC. As a result, the Company may in the future enter into business combinations with Mr. Marcus and MMC, without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act. Anti-takeover provisions contained in the Operating Partnership agreement, charter, bylaws, and certain provisions of Maryland law could delay, defer or prevent a change in control.  While the Company is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, and generally has full and exclusive responsibility and discretion in the management and control of the Operating Partnership, certain provisions of the Operating Partnership agreement place limitations on the Company’s ability to act with respect to the Operating Partnership. Such limitations could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for the Company’s stock or otherwise be in the best interest of the stockholders or that could otherwise adversely affect the interest of the Company’s stockholders. The partnership agreement provides that if the limited partners own at least 5% of the outstanding units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, the Company cannot, without first obtaining the consent of a majority-in-interest of the limited partners in the Operating Partnership, transfer all or any portion of the Company’s general partner interest in the Operating Partnership to another entity. Such limitations on the Company’s ability to act may result in the Company’s being precluded from taking action that the Board of Directors believes is in the best interests of the Company’s stockholders. The Company’s Charter authorizes the issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock and the setting of the preferences, rights and other terms of such preferred stock without the approval of the holders of the common stock. The Company may establish one or more series of preferred stock that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control. Such a transaction might involve a premium price for the Company’s stock or otherwise be in the best interests of the holders of common stock. Also, such a class of preferred stock could have dividend, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the interest of holders of common stock. The Company’s Charter contains other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might be in the best interest of the Company’s stockholders. The Charter contains ownership provisions limiting the transferability and ownership of shares of capital stock, which may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control. For example, subject to receiving an exemption from the Board of Directors, potential acquirers may not purchase more than 6% in value of the stock (other than qualified pension trusts which can acquire 9.9%). This may discourage tender offers that may be attractive to the holders of common stock and limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of common stock. The Maryland General Corporation Law restricts the voting rights of shares deemed to be “control shares.” Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, “control shares” are those which, when aggregated with any other shares held by the acquirer, entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power within specified ranges. Although the Bylaws exempt the Company from the control share provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, the Board of Directors may amend or eliminate the provisions of the Bylaws at any time in the future. Moreover, any such amendment or elimination of such provision of the Bylaws may result in the application of the control share provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law not only to control shares which may be acquired in the future, but also to control shares previously acquired. If the provisions of the Bylaws are amended or eliminated, the control share provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or change in control that might involve a premium price for the stock or otherwise be in the best interests of the Company’s stockholders. The Company’s Charter and bylaws also contain other provisions that may impede various actions by stockholders without approval of the Company’s board of directors, which in turn may delay, defer or prevent a transaction, including a change in control. Those provisions include: • directors may be removed, without cause, only upon a two-thirds vote of stockholders, and with cause, only upon a majority vote of stockholders; 16 Table of Contents • the Company’s board can fix the number of directors and fill vacant directorships upon the vote of a majority of the directors; • stockholders must give advance notice to nominate directors or propose business for consideration at a stockholders’ meeting; and • for stockholders to call a special meeting, the meeting must be requested by not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. A breach of the Company’s privacy or information security systems could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and financial condition.  The protection of customer, employee, and company data is critically important to the Company. Our business requires us, including some of our vendors, to use and store personally identifiable and other sensitive information of its customers and employees. The collection and use of personally identifiable information is governed by federal and state laws and regulations. Privacy and information security laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Compliance with all such laws and regulations may increase the Company’s operating costs and adversely impact the Company’s ability to market the Company’s properties and services. The security measures put in place by the Company, and such vendors, cannot provide absolute security, and the Company and our vendors' information technology infrastructure may be vulnerable to criminal cyber-attacks or data security incidents due to employee error, malfeasance, or other vulnerabilities.  Any such incident could compromise the Company’s or such vendors' networks, and the information stored by the Company or such vendors could be accessed, misused, publicly disclosed, corrupted, lost, or stolen, resulting in fraud, including wire fraud related to Company assets, or other harm.  Moreover, if a data security incident or breach affects the Company’s systems or such vendors' systems or results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information, the Company’s reputation and brand could be materially damaged and the Company may be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability, which could result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. In the third quarter of 2014, the Company discovered and reported that certain of its computer networks containing personal and proprietary information were compromised by a cyber-intrusion. Based on information from our forensic investigation, the Company has confirmed that evidence exists of exfiltration of data on Company systems. The precise nature of the data has not yet been identified, and the Company does not presently have any evidence that data belonging to the Company has been misused. After detecting unusual activity, the Company took immediate steps to assess and contain the intrusion and secure its systems. The Company retained independent forensic computer experts to analyze the impacted data systems and is consulting with law enforcement. The investigation into this cyber-intrusion is ongoing, and the Company is working as quickly as possible to identify whether any employee or resident data may be at risk.  As a precaution, the Company has purchased identity protection services for all current residents and employees. As described in Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies", of our notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, on December 19, 2014, a punitive class action was filed against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, entitled  Foster v. Essex Property Trust, Inc.  alleging that the Company failed to properly secure the personally-identifying information of its residents.  At this point, the Company is unable to predict the developments in, outcome of, and/or economic and/or other consequences of such pending litigation or future litigation or predict the developments in, outcome of, and/or other consequences arising as a result of any potential government inquiries related to this matter. The Company has recorded  $1.6 million  and  $2.8 million  in cyber-intrusion expenses in the fourth quarter and year ended  December 31, 2014 , respectively, including legal fees, investigative fees, costs of communications with the Company’s residents and employees, and identity protection services.  The Company expects to incur additional costs as investigation and remediation efforts continue.  Such costs are not currently estimable but could be material to the Company’s future operating results. Privacy and information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. In light of this recent network intrusion, we have dedicated additional Company resources to strengthening the security of the Company’s computer systems.  In the future, the Company may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance the Company’s information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.  Despite these steps, there can be no assurance that the Company will not suffer a similar data security incident in the future, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to sensitive data stored on the Company’s systems, or that any such incident will be discovered in a timely manner.  Further, the  17 Table of Contents techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data are often novel or change frequently; accordingly, the Company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Employee theft or fraud could result in loss.   Certain of our employees have access to, or signature authority with respect to, bank accounts or other company assets, which exposes us to the risk of fraud or theft. In addition, certain employees have access to key information technology (IT) infrastructure and to tenant and other information that is commercially valuable. Should any employee compromise our IT systems, or misappropriate tenant or other information, we could incur losses, including significant financial or reputational harm, from which full recovery cannot be assured.  We also may not have insurance that covers any losses in full or that covers losses from particular criminal acts.  As of  December 31, 2014 , potential liabilities for theft or fraud are not quantifiable and an estimate of possible loss cannot be made. The Company may incur general uninsured losses.  The Company purchases general liability and all risk property, including Loss of Rent, insurance coverage for each of its communities. The Company also purchases limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance. There are certain types of losses which may not be covered or could exceed coverage limits. The insurance programs are subject to deductibles and self-insured retentions in varying amounts. The Company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC ("PWI") to self-insure certain earthquake and all risk losses. As of December 31, 2014, PWI has cash and marketable securities of approximately  $57.6 million , and is consolidated in the Company's financial statements. All the communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity. The Company evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models developed by the insurance industry and property vulnerability based on structural evaluations of seismic consultants. The Company manages this exposure, where considered appropriate, desirable, and cost-effective, by upgrading properties to increase their resistance to forces caused by seismic events, by considering available funds and coverages provided by PWI and/or by purchasing seismic insurance. Since 2013, the Company accessed the commercial marketplace to purchase Earthquake insurance for certain high-density properties. In addition, the Company carries other types of insurance coverage related to a variety of risks and exposures, including cyber-attack. Based on market conditions, the Company may change or potentially eliminate insurance coverages, or increase levels of self-insurance. Further, we cannot assure you that the company will not incur losses, which could be material, due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits. Although the Company may carry insurance for potential losses associated with its communities, employees, residents, and compliance with applicable laws, it may still incur losses due to uninsured risks, deductibles, copayments or losses in excess of applicable insurance coverage and those losses may be material. In the event of a substantial loss, insurance coverage may not be able to cover the full replacement cost of the Company’s lost investment, or the insurance carrier may become insolvent and not be able to cover the full amount of the insured losses. Changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also affect the Company’s ability to replace or renovate an apartment community after it has been damaged or destroyed.   Risk of accidental death due to fire, natural disasters or other hazards.  The accidental death of persons living in our communities due to fire, natural disasters or other hazards could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not cover all losses associated with such events, and we may experience difficulty marketing communities where such any such events have occurred, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Any material weaknesses identified in the Company's internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on the Company’s stock price.  Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires the Company to evaluate and report on its internal control over financial reporting. If the Company identifies one or more material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, the Company could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of its financial reports, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Company’s stock price.  Changes in the system for establishing U.S. accounting standards may materially and adversely affect our reported results of operations.   Accounting for public companies in the United States has historically been conducted in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States (“GAAP”). GAAP is established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”), an independent body whose standards are recognized by the SEC as authoritative for publicly held companies. The International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) is a London-based independent board  18 Table of Contents established in 2001 and charged with the development of International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). IFRS generally reflects accounting practices that prevail in Europe and in developed nations around the world. We are monitoring the SEC’s activity with respect to the proposed adoption of IFRS by United States public companies. It is unclear at this time how the SEC will propose that GAAP and IFRS be harmonized if the proposed change is adopted. In addition, switching to a new method of accounting and adopting IFRS would be a complex undertaking. We would potentially need to develop new systems and controls based on the principles of IFRS. Since these are new endeavors, and the precise requirements of the pronouncements ultimately to be adopted are not now known, the magnitude of costs associated with this conversion are uncertain. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of IFRS on our financial position and results of operations. Such evaluation cannot be completed, however, without more clarity regarding the specific IFRS standards that would potentially be adopted. Until there is more certainty with respect to the IFRS standards that could be adopted, prospective investors should consider that our conversion to IFRS could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations. Tax Risks There are various U.S. tax risks in connection with an investment in the Company and in Essex Portfolio, L.P.  The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code. The Company’s qualification as a REIT (i) requires it to satisfy numerous annual and quarterly requirements, including income tests and asset tests, established under highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and (ii) involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within the Company’s control.  Although the Company intends that its current organization and method of operation enable it to qualify as a REIT, it cannot assure you that it so qualifies or that it will be able to remain so qualified in the future. Future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions (any of which could have retroactive effect) could adversely affect the Company’s ability to qualify as a REIT or adversely affect the Company’s stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company would be subject to U.S. federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on the Company’s taxable income at corporate rates, and the Company would not be allowed to deduct dividends paid to its stockholders in computing its taxable income. The Company would also be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which the Company failed to qualify. The additional tax liability would reduce its net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders, and the Company would no longer be required to make distributions to its stockholders.    The Company has established several taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRSs”). The TRSs must pay U.S. federal income tax on their taxable income. While the Company will attempt to ensure that its dealings with its TRSs do not adversely affect its REIT qualification, it cannot provide assurances that it will successfully achieve that result. Furthermore, the Company may be subject to a 100% penalty tax, or its TRSs may be denied deductions, to the extent dealings between the Company and its TRSs are not deemed to be arm’s length in nature.  The Company intends that its dealings with its TRSs will be on an arm’s length basis.  No assurances can be given, however, that the Internal Revenue Service will not challenge such dealings.   From time to time, the Company may transfer or otherwise dispose of some of its properties.  Under the Code, any gain resulting from transfers of properties that the Company holds as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business would be treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax. Since the Company acquires properties for investment purposes, it does not believe that its occasional transfers or disposals of property should be treated as prohibited transactions. However, whether property is held for investment purposes depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. The Internal Revenue Service may contend that certain transfers or disposals of properties by the Company are prohibited transactions. If the Internal Revenue Service were to argue successfully that a transfer or disposition of property constituted a prohibited transaction, then the Company would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to it from the prohibited transaction, and the Company’s ability to retain proceeds from real property sales may be jeopardized. Income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect the Company’s ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, no assurances can be given that the Company will be able to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT if the Company transferred or disposed of property in a transaction treated as a prohibited transaction.   Dividends paid by REITs to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates are generally not eligible for the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividends received from non-REIT corporations (the maximum rate on qualified dividends is currently 23.8%).  U.S. individual, trust or estate stockholders who receive dividends from a REIT that are not designated as  19 Table of Contents capital gain dividends will be taxed on such dividends at ordinary income rates (at a current maximum rate of 43.4%).  This may cause investors to view REIT investments to be less attractive than investments in non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of stock in REITs, including the Company’s stock. Non-U.S. investors that invest in the Company should be aware of the following U.S. federal income tax considerations in connection with such investment.  First, distributions by the Company from its current and accumulated earnings and profits are subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax in the hands of non-U.S. investors, unless the 30% may be reduced by an applicable income tax treaty.  Such distributions may also be subject to a 30% withholding tax under the “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (“FATCA”) unless a non-U.S. investor complies with certain requirements prescribed by FATCA.  Second, distributions by the Company that are attributable to gains from dispositions of U.S. real property (“capital gain dividends”) will be treated as income that is effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business in the hands of a non-U.S. investor, such that a non-U.S. investor will have U.S. federal income tax payment and filing obligations with respect to capital gain dividends.  Furthermore, capital gain dividends are subject to an additional 30% “branch profits tax” (which may be reduced by an applicable income tax treaty) in the hands of a non-U.S. investor that is a corporation.  Third, any gain derived by a non-U.S. investor on a disposition of such investor’s stock in the Company will subject such investor to U.S. federal income tax payment and filing requirements if the Company were not treated as a domestically-controlled REIT.  A REIT is “domestically controlled” if  less than 50% of the REIT’s capital stock, by value, has been owned directly or indirectly by persons who are not qualifying U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during the entire period of the REIT’s existence.    The Company believes that it is a domestically-controlled REIT, but no assurances can be given in this regard.  Even if the Company were not a domestically-controlled REIT, however, under a special exception non-U.S. investors should not have U.S. federal income tax payment and filing obligations on a disposition of their stock in the Company if (i) they did not own more than 5% of such stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of the disposition, and (ii) the Company’s stock continues to be regularly traded on an established securities market located in the United States.  Non-U.S. investors should consult with their independent advisors as to the above U.S. tax considerations and other U.S. tax consequences of an investment in the Company’s stock, in light of their particular circumstances. The Company believes that its operating partnership, Essex Portfolio, L.P., will continue to qualify to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  As a partnership, Essex Portfolio, L.P. is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income.  Instead, each of its partners will be required to pay tax on such partner’s allocable share of the income of Essex Portfolio, L.P.  No assurances can be given, however, that the Internal Revenue Service will not challenge Essex Portfolio, L.P.’s status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge.  If the Internal Revenue Service were successful in treating Essex Portfolio, L.P. as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company could fail to meet the income tests and/or the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, cease to qualify as a REIT.  Also, the failure of Essex Portfolio, L.P. to qualify as a partnership would cause it to become subject to federal and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for distribution to its partners. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None . Item 2. Properties The Company’s Portfolio as of  December 31, 2014  (including communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, but excluding communities underlying preferred equity investments) was comprised of  239  apartment communities (comprising  57,455  apartment units), of which  27,125  units are located in Southern California,  17,604  units are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, and  12,174  units are located in the Seattle metropolitan area.  The Company’s apartment communities accounted for  99.0%  of the Company’s revenues for the year ended  December 31, 2014 .  Occupancy Rates Financial occupancy is defined as the percentage resulting from dividing actual rental revenue by total possible rental revenue.  When calculating actual rents for occupied units and market rents for vacant units, delinquencies and concessions are not taken into account.  Total possible rental revenue represents the value of all apartment units, with occupied units valued at contractual  20 Table of Contents rental rates pursuant to leases and vacant units valued at estimated market rents.   The Company believes that financial occupancy is a meaningful measure of occupancy because it considers the value of each vacant unit at its estimated market rate.  Financial occupancy may not completely reflect short-term trends in physical occupancy and financial occupancy rates as disclosed by other REITs may not be comparable to the Company’s calculation of financial occupancy.  Market rates are determined using a variety of factors such as effective rental rates at the property based on recently signed leases and asking rates for comparable properties in the market.  The recently signed effective rates at the property are used as the starting point in the determination of the market rates of vacant units.  The Company then increases or decreases these rates based on the supply and demand in the apartment community’s market.  The Company will check the reasonableness of these rents based on its position within the market and compare the rents against the asking rents by comparable properties in the market. For communities that are development properties in lease-up without stabilized occupancy figures, the Company believes the physical occupancy rate is the appropriate performance metric.  While a community is in the lease-up phase, the Company’s primary motivation is to stabilize the property which may entail the use of rent concessions and other incentives, and thus financial occupancy which is based on contractual revenue is not considered the best metric to quantify occupancy. Communities The Company’s communities are primarily suburban garden-style communities and town homes comprising multiple clusters of two and three-story buildings situated on three to fifteen acres of land.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company’s communities include  163  garden-style,  72  mid-rise, and  4  high-rise communities.  The communities have an average of approximately  240  units, with a mix of studio, one, two and some three-bedroom units.  A wide variety of amenities are available at the Company’s communities, including covered parking, fireplaces, swimming pools, clubhouses with fitness facilities, volleyball and playground areas and tennis courts.   The Company hires, trains and supervises on-site service and maintenance personnel.  The Company believes that the following primary factors enhance the Company’s ability to retain tenants:   • located near employment centers; • attractive communities that are well maintained; and • proactive customer service. Commercial Buildings The Company’s corporate headquarters is located in two office buildings with approximately  39,600  square feet located at 925/935 East Meadow Drive, Palo Alto, California.   The Company owns an office building with approximately  107,720  square feet located in Irvine, California, of which the Company occupies approximately  5,000  square feet at  December 31, 2014 .  The Company owns Essex-Hollywood, a  34,000  square foot commercial building and a  138,915  square foot retail site in Santa Clara, California as future development sites that are currently  100%  leased. The following tables describe the Company’s operating portfolio as of  December 31, 2014 . The first table describes the Company’s communities and the second table describes the Company’s other real estate assets.   (See Note 7 of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for more information about the Company’s secured mortgage debt and Schedule III for a list of secured mortgage loans related to the Company’s Portfolio.)             Rentable       Year     Communities (1)   Location   Units   Square Footage   Year Built   Acquired   Occupancy(2) Southern California                         Alpine Village   Alpine, CA   301   254,400   1971   2002   97% Anavia   Anaheim, CA   250   312,343   2009   2010   96% Barkley, The (3)(4)   Anaheim, CA   161   139,800   1984   2000   97% Park Viridian   Anaheim, CA   320   254,600   2008   2014   96% Bonita Cedars   Bonita, CA   120   120,800   1983   2002   97% Camarillo Oaks   Camarillo, CA   564   459,000   1985   1996   96% Camino Ruiz Square   Camarillo, CA   160   105,448   1990   2006   97% 21 Table of Contents             Rentable       Year     Communities (1)   Location   Units   Square Footage   Year Built   Acquired   Occupancy(2) Enclave at Town Square (34)   Chino Hills, CA   124   89,948   1987   2014   97% The Heights I & II (34)   Chino Hills, CA   332   324,370   2004   2014   96% The Summit (5)   Chino Hills, CA   125   98,420   1989   2014   96% Pinnacle at Otay Ranch   Chula Vista, CA   364   384,192   2001   2014   95% Mesa Village   Clairemont, CA   133   43,600   1963   2002   97% Villa Siena   Costa Mesa, CA   272   262,842   1974   2014   96% Emerald Pointe   Diamond Bar, CA   160   134,816   1989   2014   96% Regency at Encino   Encino, CA   75   78,487   1989   2009   96% The Havens (34)   Fountain Valley, CA   440   414,040   1969   2014   96% Valley Park   Fountain Valley, CA   160   169,700   1969   2001   98% Capri at Sunny Hills (4)   Fullerton, CA   100   128,100   1961   2001   97% Haver Hill (5)   Fullerton, CA   264   224,130   1973   2012   96% Pinnacle at Fullerton   Fullerton, CA   192   174,336   2004   2014   96% Wilshire Promenade   Fullerton, CA   149   128,000   1992   1997   96% Montejo (4)   Garden Grove, CA   124   103,200   1974   2001   97% CBC Apartments   Goleta, CA   148   91,538   1962   2006   97% The Sweeps   Goleta, CA   91   88,370   1967   2006   97% 416 on Broadway   Glendale, CA   115   126,782   2009   2010   97% Hampton Court   Glendale, CA   83   71,500   1974   1999   95% Hampton Place   Glendale, CA   132   141,500   1970   1999   95% Devonshire   Hemet, CA   276   207,200   1988   2002   96% Jefferson at Hollywood   Hollywood, CA   270   238,119   2010   2014   94% Huntington Breakers   Huntington Beach, CA   342   241,700   1984   1997   94% The Huntington   Huntington Beach, CA   276   202,256   1975   2012   97% Axis 2300   Irvine, CA   115   170,714   2010   2010   95% Hillsborough Park   La Habra, CA   235   215,500   1999   1999   97% Village Green   La Habra, CA   272   175,762   1971   2014   96% The Palms at Laguna Niguel   Laguna Niguel, CA   460   362,136   1988   2014   96% Trabuco Villas   Lake Forest, CA   132   131,000   1985   1997   98% Madrid Apartments (6)   Mission Viejo, CA   230   228,099   2000   2012   97% Marbrisa   Long Beach, CA   202   122,800   1987   2002   96% Pathways   Long Beach, CA   296   197,700   1975 (7)   1991   96% 5600 Wilshire   Los Angeles, CA   284   243,910   2008   2014   95% Alessio   Los Angeles, CA   624   552,716   2001   2014   95% The Avery (4)   Los Angeles, CA   121   129,393   2014   2014   73% Belmont Station   Los Angeles, CA   275   225,000   2008   2008   97% Bellerive   Los Angeles, CA   63   79,296   2011   2011   97% Bunker Hill   Los Angeles, CA   456   346,600   1968   1998   92% Catalina Gardens   Los Angeles, CA   128   117,585   1987   2014   97% Cochran Apartments   Los Angeles, CA   58   51,400   1989   1998   97% Kings Road   Los Angeles, CA   196   132,100   1979   1997   95% Gas Company Lofts (5)   Los Angeles, CA   251   226,666   2004   2013   96% Marbella, The   Los Angeles, CA   60   50,108   1991   2005   97% Pacific Electric Lofts (6)   Los Angeles, CA   314   277,980   2006   2012   94% 22 Table of Contents             Rentable       Year     Communities (1)   Location   Units   Square Footage   Year Built   Acquired   Occupancy(2) Park Catalina   Los Angeles, CA   90   72,864   2002   2012   96% Park Place   Los Angeles, CA   60   48,000   1988   1997   97% Regency Palm Court (5)   Los Angeles, CA   116   54,844   1987   2014   96% Santee Court   Los Angeles, CA   165   132,040   2004   2010   97% Santee Village   Los Angeles, CA   73   69,817   2011   2011   97% Tiffany Court   Los Angeles, CA   101   74,538   1987   2014   98% Wilshire La Brea   Los Angeles, CA   478   354,972   2014   2014   65% Windsor Court (5)   Los Angeles, CA   95   51,266   1987   2014   96% Windsor Court   Los Angeles, CA   58   46,600   1988   1997   97% Aqua at Marina Del Rey   Marina Del Rey, CA   500   479,312   2001   2014   95% Marina City Club (8)   Marina Del Rey, CA   101   127,200   1971   2004   97% Mirabella   Marina Del Rey, CA   188   176,800   2000   2000   97% Mira Monte   Mira Mesa, CA   355   262,600   1982   2002   96% Hillcrest Park   Newbury Park, CA   608   521,900   1973   1998   96% Fairways (9)   Newport Beach, CA   74   107,100   1972   1999   95% Muse   North Hollywood, CA   152   135,292   2011   2011   97% Candlewood North   Northridge, CA   189   166,910   1964   2014   97% Canyon Creek (34)   Northridge, CA   200   148,150   1986   2014   95% Country Villas   Oceanside, CA   180   179,700   1976   2002   96% Mission Hills   Oceanside, CA   282   244,000   1984   2005   97% Renaissance at Uptown Orange   Orange, CA   460   432,836   2007   2014   96% Mariners Place   Oxnard, CA   105   77,200   1987   2000   98% Monterey Villas   Oxnard, CA   122   122,100   1974   1997   96% Tierra Vista   Oxnard, CA   404   387,100   2001   2001   96% Arbors Parc Rose (6)   Oxnard, CA   373   503,196   2001   2011   95% Monterra del Mar   Pasadena, CA   123   74,400   1972   1997   92% Monterra del Rey   Pasadena, CA   84   73,100   1972   1999   92% Monterra del Sol   Pasadena, CA   85   69,200   1972   1999   92% Stuart at Sierra Madre Villa   Pasadena, CA   188   168,630   2007   2014   95% Villa Angelina   Placentia, CA   256   217,600   1970   2001   96% Fountain Park   Playa Vista, CA   705   608,900   2002   2004   97% Highridge (4)   Rancho Palos Verdes, CA   255   290,200   1972 (10)   1997   95% Cortesia at Rancho Santa Margarita   Rancho Santa Margarita, CA   308   277,580   1999   2014   95% Pinnacle at Talega   San Clemente, CA   362   355,764   2002   2014   96% Allure at Scripps Ranch   San Diego, CA   194   207,052   2002   2014   97% Bernardo Crest   San Diego, CA   216   205,548   1988   2014   97% Cambridge Park   San Diego, CA   320   317,958   1998   2014   96% Carmel Creek   San Diego, CA   348   384,216   2000   2014   96% Carmel Landing   San Diego, CA   356   283,426   1989   2014   96% Carmel Summit   San Diego, CA   246   225,880   1989   2014   97% CentrePointe   San Diego, CA   224   126,700   1974 (11)   1997   94% Domain   San Diego, CA   379   345,044   2013   2013   93% Esplanade (34)   San Diego, CA   616   479,600   1986   2014   96% Montanosa   San Diego, CA   472   414,968   1990   2014   96% 23 Table of Contents             Rentable       Year     Communities (1)   Location   Units   Square Footage   Year Built   Acquired   Occupancy(2) Summit Park   San Diego, CA   300   229,400   1972   2002   96% Essex Skyline at MacArthur Place  (12)   Santa Ana, CA   349   512,791   2008   2012   96% Fairhaven (4)   Santa Ana, CA   164   135,700   1970   2001   97% Parkside Court (34)   Santa Ana, CA   210   152,400   1986   2014   96% Hope Ranch Collection   Santa Barbara, CA   108   126,700   1965&73   2007   98% Bridgeport Coast (35)   Santa Clarita, CA   188   168,198   2006   2014   95% Hidden Valley (13)   Simi Valley, CA   324   310,900   2004   2004   97% Meadowood   Simi Valley, CA   320   264,500   1986   1996   96% Pinnacle at MacArthur Place   South Coast Metro, CA   253   262,867   2002   2014   97% Shadow Point   Spring Valley, CA   172   131,200   1983   2002   96% The Fairways at Westridge (35)   Valencia, CA   234   223,330   2004   2014   96% Vistas of West Hills (35)   Valencia, CA   220   221,119   2009   2014   96% Allegro   Valley Village, CA   97   127,812   2010   2010   96% Lofts at Pinehurst, The   Ventura, CA   118   71,100   1971   1997   98% Pinehurst (14)   Ventura, CA   28   21,200   1973   2004   97% Woodside Village   Ventura, CA   145   136,500   1987   2004   97% Walnut Heights   Walnut, CA   163   146,700   1964   2003   97% The Huxley (29)   West Hollywood, CA   187   154,776   2014   2014   67% Reveal (6)   Woodland Hills, CA   438   414,892   2010   2011   95% Avondale at Warner Center   Woodland Hills, CA   446   331,000   1970 (15)   1997   97%         27,125 24,095,190           95% Northern California                         Belmont Terrace    Belmont, CA   71   72,951   1974   2006   95% Fourth & U   Berkeley, CA   171   146,255   2010   2010   96% The Commons   Campbell, CA   264   153,168   1973   2010   96% The Pointe at Cupertino (17)   Cupertino, CA   116   135,200   1963   1998   94% Connolly Station (36)   Dublin, CA   309   286,348   2014   2014   93% Avenue 64   Emeryville, CA   224   196,896   2007   2014   95% Foster's Landing    Foster City, CA   490   415,130   1987   2014   95% Stevenson Place   Fremont, CA   200   146,200   1971   1983   97% Mission Peaks   Fremont, CA   453   404,034   1995   2014   96% Mission Peaks II   Fremont, CA   336   294,720   1989   2014   96% Paragon Apartments   Fremont, CA   301   267,047   2013   2014   97% Boulevard   Fremont, CA   172   131,200   1978 (18)   1996   97% Briarwood (6)   Fremont, CA   160   111,160   1978   2011   96% The Woods (6)   Fremont, CA   160   105,280   1978   2011   96% City Centre (35)   Hayward, CA   192   175,420   2000   2014   97% City View    Hayward, CA   572   462,400   1975 (19)   1998   97% Lafayette Highlands   Lafayette, CA   150   151,790   1973   2014   96% Sharon Green   Menlo Park, CA   296   328,024   1970   2014   95% Apex   Milpitas, CA   366   350,961   2014   2014   96% Regency at Mountain View (5)   Mountain View, CA   142   127,600   1970   2013   95% Bridgeport    Newark, CA   184   139,000   1987 (20)   1987   97% The Landing Jack London Sq   Oakland, CA   282   257,796   2001   2014   95% The Grand    Oakland, CA   243   205,026   2009   2009   97% 24 Table of Contents             Rentable       Year     Communities (1)   Location   Units   Square Footage   Year Built   Acquired   Occupancy(2) San Marcos   Richmond, CA   432   407,600   2003   2003   97% Bennett Lofts    San Francisco, CA   165   184,713   2004   2012   86% Fox Plaza   San Francisco, CA   443   230,017   1968   2013   95% Mosso I   San Francisco, CA   181   223,222   2014   2014   32% Park West   San Francisco, CA   126   90,060   1958   2012   94% 101 San Fernando   San Jose, CA   323   296,078   2001   2010   97% Bella Villagio   San Jose, CA   231   227,511   2004   2010   97% Epic - Phase I & II (21)   San Jose, CA   569   472,236   2013   2013   86% Esplanade   San Jose, CA   278   279,000   2002   2004   96% Fountains at River Oaks   San Jose, CA   226   209,954   1990   2014   96% Museum Park   San Jose, CA   117   121,329   2002   2014   96% Palm Valley (29)   San Jose, CA   1,098   1,132,284   2008   2014   97% The Carlyle   San Jose, CA   132   129,200   2000   2000   97% The Waterford   San Jose, CA   238   219,600   2000   2000   97% Willow Lake    San Jose, CA   508   471,744   1989   2012   95% Lakeshore Landing    San Mateo, CA   308   223,972   1988   2014   95% Hillsdale Garden    San Mateo, CA   697   611,505   1948   2006   97% Deer Valley    San Rafael, CA   171   167,238   1996   2014   97% Bel Air    San Ramon, CA   462   391,000   1988   1995   96% Canyon Oaks    San Ramon, CA   250   237,894   2005   2007   97% Crow Canyon    San Ramon, CA   400   337,064   1992   2014   96% Foothill/Twins Creeks   San Ramon, CA   132   155,100   1985   1997   95% Mill Creek at Windermere    San Ramon, CA   400   381,060   2005   2007   97% Twin Creeks/Foothill   San Ramon, CA   44   51,700   1985   1997   95% 1000 Kiely   Santa Clara, CA   121   128,486   1971   2011   96% Le Parc    Santa Clara, CA   140   113,200   1975   1994   96% Marina Cove (22)   Santa Clara, CA   292   250,200   1974 (23)   1994   96% Riley Square (6)   Santa Clara, CA   156   126,900   1972   2012   95% Villa Granada   Santa Clara, CA   270   238,841   2010   2014   96% Chestnut Street Apartments    Santa Cruz, CA   96   87,640   2002   2008   98% Harvest Park    Santa Rosa, CA   104   116,628   2004   2007   96% Bristol Commons   Sunnyvale, CA   188   142,600   1989   1995   96% Brookside Oaks (4)   Sunnyvale, CA   170   119,900   1973   2000   95% Lawrence Station   Sunnyvale, CA   336   297,188   2012   2014   97% Magnolia Lane (24)   Sunnyvale, CA   32   31,541   2001   2007   95% Magnolia Square (4)   Sunnyvale, CA   156   110,824   1969   2007   95% Montclaire    Sunnyvale, CA   390   294,100   1973 (25)   1988   97% Reed Square   Sunnyvale, CA   100   95,440   1970   2011   95% Solstice   Sunnyvale, CA   280   571,466   2014   2014   87% Summerhill Park   Sunnyvale, CA   100   78,500   1988   1988   94% Via   Sunnyvale, CA   284   309,421   2011   2011   96% Windsor Ridge   Sunnyvale, CA   216   161,800   1989   1989   97% Vista Belvedere   Tiburon, CA   76   78,300   1963   2004   95% Tuscana    Tracy, CA   30   29,088   2007   2007   99% Verandas (35)   Union City, CA   282   199,092   1989   2014   97%         17,604   15,895,842           95% Seattle, Washington Metropolitan Area                     25 Table of Contents             Rentable       Year     Communities (1)   Location   Units   Square Footage   Year Built   Acquired   Occupancy(2) Belcarra   Bellevue, WA   296   241,567   2009   2014   96% BellCentre   Bellevue, WA   248   181,288   2001   2014   96% Cedar Terrace   Bellevue, WA   180   174,200   1984   2005   97% Courtyard off Main   Bellevue, WA   109   108,388   2000   2010   96% Ellington at Bellevue   Bellevue, WA   220   165,794   1994   2014   95% Emerald Ridge   Bellevue, WA   180   144,000   1987   1994   96% Foothill Commons   Bellevue, WA   388   288,300   1978 (26)   1990   95% Palisades, The   Bellevue, WA   192   159,700   1977   1990   97% Park Highland   Bellevue, WA   250   224,750   1993   2014   94% Piedmont   Bellevue, WA   396   348,969   1969   2014   94% Sammamish View   Bellevue, WA   153   133,500   1986   1994   97% Woodland Commons   Bellevue, WA   302   217,878   1978 (27)   1990   95% Bothell Ridge (34)   Bothell, WA   214   167,370   1988   2014   96% Canyon Pointe   Bothell, WA   250   210,400   1990   2003   95% Inglenook Court   Bothell, WA   224   183,600   1985   1994   96% Pinnacle Sonata   Bothell, WA   268   343,095   2000   2014   96% Salmon Run at Perry Creek   Bothell, WA   132   117,100   2000   2000   98% Stonehedge Village   Bothell, WA   196   214,800   1986   1997   97% Highlands at Wynhaven   Issaquah, WA   333   424,674   2000   2008   95% Park Hill at Issaquah   Issaquah, WA   245   277,700   1999   1999   97% Wandering Creek   Kent, WA   156   124,300   1986   1995   97% Ascent   Kirkland, WA   90   75,840   1988   2012   96% Bridle Trails   Kirkland, WA   108   99,700   1986 (28)   1997   97% Corbella at Juanita Bay   Kirkland, WA   169   103,339   1978   2010   96% Evergreen Heights   Kirkland, WA   200   188,300   1990   1997   95% Slater 116   Kirkland, WA   108   81,415   2013   2013   93% Montebello   Kirkland, WA   248   272,734   1996   2012   95% Aviara (16)   Mercer Island, WA   166   147,033   2013   2014   94% Laurels at Mill Creek   Mill Creek, WA   164   134,300   1981   1996   97% Parkwood at Mill Creek   Mill Creek, WA   240   257,160   1989   2014   96% The Elliot at Mukilteo (4)   Mukilteo, WA   301   245,900   1981   1997   97% Castle Creek   Newcastle, WA   216   191,900   1995   1995   96% Delano/Bon Terra   Redmond, WA   126   116,340   2005   2011   98% Elevation   Redmond, WA   157   138,916   1986   2010   97% Redmond Hill West (6)   Redmond, WA   442   350,275   1985   2011   95% Shadowbrook   Redmond, WA   416   338,880   1986   2014   96% The Trails of Redmond   Redmond, WA   423   376,000   1985   2014   96% Vesta (6)   Redmond, WA   440   381,675   1998   2011   95% Brighton Ridge   Renton, WA   264   201,300   1986   1996   97% Fairwood Pond   Renton, WA   194   189,200   1997   2004   96% Forest View   Renton, WA   192   182,500   1998   2003   97% Pinnacle on Lake Washington   Renton, WA   180   190,908   2001   2014   96% Annaliese   Seattle, WA   56   48,216   2009   2013   95% The Audrey at Belltown   Seattle, WA   137   94,119   1992   2014   96% Ballinger Commons (34)   Seattle, WA   485   407,253   1989   2014   96% The Bernard   Seattle, WA   63   43,151   2008   2011   96% Cairns, The   Seattle, WA   100   70,806   2006   2007   96% 26 Table of Contents             Rentable       Year     Communities (1)   Location   Units   Square Footage   Year Built   Acquired   Occupancy(2) Citywalk (34)   Seattle, WA   102   92,010   1988   2014   96% Collins on Pine   Seattle, WA   76   53,474   2013   2014   98% Domaine   Seattle, WA   92   79,421   2009   2012   96% Expo (29)   Seattle, WA   275   190,176   2012   2012   95% Fountain Court   Seattle, WA   320   207,000   2000   2000   95% Joule (30)   Seattle, WA   295   191,109   2010   2010   96% Taylor 28   Seattle, WA   197   155,630   2008   2014   97% Vox   Seattle, WA   58   42,173   2013   2013   95% Wharfside Pointe   Seattle, WA   142   119,200   1990   1994   93%         12,174   10,508,726           96% Pinnacle South Mountain (36)   Phoenix, AZ   552   569,876   1988   2014   94% Total/Weighted Average       57,455   51,069,634           95%             Square   Year   Year     Other real estate assets (1)   Location   Tenants   Footage   Built   Acquired   Occupancy (2) 925 / 935 East Meadow Drive (31)   Palo Alto, CA   1   39,600   1988 / 1962   1997 / 2007   100% 6230 Sunset Blvd (32)   Los Angeles, CA   1   34,000   1938   2006   100% 17461 Derian Ave (33)   Irvine, CA   8   107,720   1983   2000   98% Santa Clara Retail   Santa Clara, CA   3   138,915   1970   2011   100%         13   320,235           99% Footnotes to the Company’s Portfolio Listing as of  December 31, 2014   (1) Unless otherwise specified, the Company has a 100% ownership interest in each community. (2) For communities, occupancy rates are based on financial occupancy for the year ended  December 31, 2014 ; for the commercial buildings or properties which have not yet stabilized, or have insufficient operating history, occupancy rates are based on physical occupancy as of  December 31, 2014 .  For an explanation of how financial occupancy and physical occupancy are calculated, see “Properties-Occupancy Rates” in this Item 2. (3) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2082. (4) The Company holds a 1% special limited partner interest in the partnerships which own these apartment communities. These investments were made under arrangements whereby EMC became the 1% sole general partner and the other limited partners were granted the right to require the applicable partnership to redeem their interest for cash. Subject to certain conditions, the Company may, however, elect to deliver an equivalent number of shares of the Company’s common stock in satisfaction of the applicable partnership’s cash redemption obligation. (5) This community is owned by Wesco III. The Company has a 50% interest in Wesco III which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. (6) This community is owned by Wesco I.  The Company has a 50% interest in Wesco I which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. (7) The Company completed a $10.8 million redevelopment in 2009. (8) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2067. (9) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2027. (10) The Company completed a $16.6 million redevelopment in 2010. (11) The Company is in the late phases of performing a $13.0 million redevelopment. (12) The Company has a 97% interest and an executive vice president of the Company has a 3% interest in this community. (13) The Company has a 75% member interest. (14) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2028. (15) The Company completed a $12.0 million redevelopment in 2008. (16) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2030. (17) The Company is in the process of performing a $10.0 million redevelopment. 27 Table of Contents (18) The Company completed an $8.9 million redevelopment in 2008. (19) The Company completed a $9.4 million redevelopment in 2009. (20) The Company completed a $4.6 million redevelopment in 2009. (21) The Company has 55% ownership in this community.  The community is being developed in three phases with one remaining phase currently under development. (22) A portion of this community on which 84 units are presently located is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2028. (23) The Company is in the process of performing a $14.1 million redevelopment. (24) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2070. (25) The Company completed a $12.5 million redevelopment in 2009. (26) The Company completed a $36.3 million redevelopment in 2012, which included the construction of 28 in-fill units in 2009. (27) The Company completed the construction of 66 additional apartment homes in 2012 and is in the process of performing a redevelopment for a total cost of $15.4 million. (28) The Company completed a $5.1 million redevelopment and completed construction of 16 units of the community’s 108 units in 2006. (29) The Company has 50% ownership in each of these communities which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. (30) The Company has 99% ownership in this community. (31) The Company occupies 100% of this property. (32) The property is leased through July 2015 to a single tenant. (33) The Company occupies 5% of space in this property. (34) This community is owned by BEXAEW.  The Company has a 50% interest in BEXAEW which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. (35) This community is owned by Wesco IV. The Company has a 50% interest in Wesco IV which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. (36) The Company has a 55% ownership in this community.  Item 3. Legal Proceedings The information, which regards lawsuits, other proceedings and claims, set forth in Note 16,  “Commitments and Contingencies”, of our notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. In addition to such matters referred to in said Note 16, the Company is subject to various other legal and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the course of its business operations. We believe that, with respect to such matters that we are currently a party to, the ultimate disposition of any such matter will not result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   Market Information   The shares of the Company’s common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol ESS.  ESS common stock has been traded on the NYSE since June 13, 1994. The high, low and closing price per share of common stock reported on the NYSE for the quarters indicated are as follows: 28 Table of Contents Quarter Ended   High   Low   Close December 31, 2014   $ 211.91   $ 206.35   $ 206.60 September 30, 2014   $ 180.65   $ 178.27   $ 178.75 June 30, 2014   $ 185.66   $ 183.36   $ 184.91 March 31, 2014   $ 171.70   $ 166.95   $ 170.05 December 31, 2013   $ 165.44   $ 137.53   $ 143.51 September 30, 2013   $ 172.16   $ 139.64   $ 147.70 June 30, 2013   $ 171.11   $ 147.56   $ 158.92 March 31, 2013   $ 156.36   $ 147.06   $ 150.58 The closing price of ESS stock as of  February 24, 2015  was  $223.17 .   There is no established public trading market for Essex Portfolio, L.P.’s OP Units.   Holders   The approximate number of holders of record of the shares of ESS common stock was 1,551 as of  February 24, 2015 .  This number does not include stockholders whose shares are held in investment accounts by other entities.  ESS believes the actual number of stockholders is greater than the number of holders of record.   As of  February 24, 2015 , there were 174 holders of record of Essex Portfolio, L.P.’s OP Units, including ESS.   Return of Capital   Under provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the portion of the cash dividend, if any, that exceeds earnings and profits is considered a return of capital. The return of capital is generated due to a variety of factors, including the deduction of non-cash expenses, primarily depreciation, in the determination of earnings and profits. The status of the cash dividends distributed for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  related to common stock, and Series F, G and H preferred stock for tax purposes are as follows:     2014   2013   2012 Common Stock             Ordinary income   70.03 %   77.34 %   70.58 % Capital gain   21.95 %   17.64 %   8.75 % Unrecaptured section 1250 capital gain   8.02 %   5.02 %   7.97 % Return of capital   — %   — %   12.70 %     100.00 %   100.00 %   100.00 %                   2014   2013   2012 Series F, G, and H Preferred stock             Ordinary income   70.03 %   77.34 %   80.85 % Capital gains   21.95 %   17.64 %   10.02 % Unrecaptured section 1250 capital gain   8.02 %   5.02 %   9.13 %     100.00 %   100.00 %   100.00 % Dividends and Distributions   Since ESS’s initial public offering on June 13, 1994, ESS and the Operating Partnership have paid regular quarterly dividends/distributions to its stockholders and unitholders. ESS paid the following dividends per share of common stock and the Operating Partnership paid the following distributions per limited partner OP unit:   29 Table of Contents Year Ended   Annual Dividend/Distribution   Quarter Ended   2014   2013   2012 1995   $ 1.69   March 31,   $1.21   $1.21   $1.10 1996   $ 1.72   June 30,   $1.30   $1.21   $1.10 1997   $ 1.77   September 30,   $1.30   $1.21   $1.10 1998   $ 1.95   December 31,   $1.30   $1.21   $1.10 1999   $ 2.15                 2000   $ 2.38   Annual Dividend/Distribution   $5.11   $4.84   $4.40 2001   $ 2.80                 2002   $ 3.08                 2003   $ 3.12                 2004   $ 3.16                 2005   $ 3.24                 2006   $ 3.36                 2007   $ 3.72                 2008   $ 4.08                 2009   $ 4.12                 2010   $ 4.13                 2011   $ 4.16                 Future dividends/distributions by ESS and the Operating Partnership will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors of ESS and will depend on the actual cash flows from operations of the Company, its financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, applicable legal restrictions and such other factors as the Board of Directors deem relevant.  There are currently no contractual restrictions on ESS and the Operating Partnership present or future ability to pay dividends and distributions.   The Board of Directors has declared a dividend/distribution for the first quarter of  2015  of $1.44 per share.  The dividend/distribution will be payable on April 15,  2015  to shareholders/unitholders of record as of March 31,  2015 .   Future distributions by Essex Portfolio, L.P., will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors of Essex Portfolio, L.P.’s general partner, Essex Property Trust, Inc. and will depend on our actual cash flows from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, applicable legal restrictions and such other factors as the Board of Directors deem relevant. There are currently no contractual restrictions on Essex Portfolio, L.P.’s present or future ability to pay distributions. Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan ESS has adopted a dividend reinvestment and share purchase plan designed to provide holders of common stock with a convenient and economical means to reinvest all or a portion of their cash dividends in shares of common stock and to acquire additional shares of common stock through voluntary purchases.  Computershare, LLC, which serves as ESS transfer agent, administers the dividend reinvestment and share purchase plan. For a copy of the plan, contact Computershare, LLC at (312) 360-5354. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans See the Company’s disclosure in the  2015  Proxy Statement under the heading “Equity Compensation Plan Information”, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference. Issuance of Registered Equity Securities In April 2014, Essex issued approximately 23,067,446 shares of Essex common stock as Stock Consideration in the BRE merger at an average price of $163.82. 30 Table of Contents During  2014 , ESS sold  2,964,315  shares of common stock for proceeds of  $534.0 million , net of commissions, at an average price of  $181.56 .  During the first quarter of  2015  through  February 24, 2015 , ESS has issued  636,021  shares of common stock at an average price of  $224.76  for proceeds of  $142.0 million , net of fees and commissions.  These sales were pursuant to a registration statement and ESS used the net proceeds from the stock offerings to pay down debt, fund redevelopment and development pipelines, fund acquisitions, and for general corporate purposes. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities – Common Stock, Series G Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock In August 2007, ESS Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan to allow ESS to acquire shares in an aggregate of up to $200 million.  ESS did not repurchase any shares during  2014 ,  2013  and  2012 .  Since ESS announced the inception of the stock repurchase plan, ESS repurchased and retired 816,659 shares totaling $66.6 million at an average stock price of $81.56 per share, including commissions as of  December 31, 2014 . Performance Graph The line graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on ESS common stock for the last five years with the cumulative total return on the S&P 500 and the NAREIT All Equity REIT index over the same period.  This comparison assumes that the value of the investment in the common stock and each index was $100 on December 31, 2009 and that all dividends were reinvested (1).     Period Ending Index   12/31/2009   12/31/2010   12/31/2011   12/31/2012   12/31/2013   12/31/2014 Essex Property Trust, Inc.   100.00   142.12   180.57   194.12   196.17   290.34 NAREIT All Equity REIT Index   100.00   127.95   138.55   165.84   170.58   218.38 S&P 500   100.00   115.06   117.49   136.30   180.44   205.14   31 Table of Contents (1) Common stock performance data is provided by SNL Financial. The graph and other information furnished under the above caption “Performance Graph” in this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of the Exchange Act, as amended.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities   During the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Operating Partnership issued partnership units in private placements in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, in the amounts and for the consideration set forth below:   On December 10, 2014, Essex Portfolio, L.P. issued 68,750 units under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award agreements to eighteen senior executives of the Company for no cash consideration.   During the year ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , Essex Property Trust, Inc. issued an aggregate of  185,387  and  52,970  shares of its common stock upon the exercise of stock options, respectively. Essex Property Trust, Inc. contributed the proceeds from the option exercises of  $11.0 million  and  $5.0 million  to our Operating Partnership in exchange for an aggregate of  185,387  and  52,970  common OP Units, as required by the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement, respectively.   During the year ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , Essex Property Trust, Inc. issued an aggregate of  126,931  and  7,211  shares of its common stock in connection with restricted stock awards for no cash consideration, respectively. For each share of common stock issued by Essex Property Trust, Inc. in connection with such awards, our operating partnership issued a common unit to Essex Property Trust, Inc. as required by the partnership agreement, for an aggregate of  126,931  and  7,211  units during the year ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. During the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , Essex Property Trust, Inc. issued and sold an aggregate of  2,964,315  and  913,344  shares of its common stock, respectively, pursuant to a registration statement and its equity distribution program. Essex Property Trust, Inc. contributed the net proceeds from these share issuances of  $534.0 million  and  $138.4 million  in exchange for an aggregate of  2,964,315  and  913,344  common OP Units, respectively, as required by the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement.   Item 6. Selected Financial Data   The following tables set forth summary financial and operating information for the Company and the Operating Partnership from January 1,  2010  through  December 31, 2014 . 32 Table of Contents Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries     Years Ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012   2011   2010     ($ in thousands, except per share amounts) OPERATING DATA:                     Rental and other property   $ 959,958   $ 602,003   $ 526,696   $ 460,660   $ 400,841 Management and other fees from affiliates (1)   9,347   7,263   8,457   5,428   3,836                       Income before discontinued operations   $ 134,438   $ 140,882   $ 127,653   $ 46,958   $ 47,424 Income from discontinued operations   —   31,173   11,937   10,558   3,358 Net income   134,438   172,055   139,590   57,516   50,782 Net income available to common stockholders   $ 116,859   $ 150,811   $ 119,812   $ 40,368   $ 33,764 Per share data:                     Basic:                     Income before discontinued operations available to common stockholders   $ 2.07   $ 3.26   $ 3.10   $ 0.94   $ 1.03 Net income available to common stockholders   $ 2.07   $ 4.05   $ 3.42   $ 1.24   $ 1.14 Weighted average common stock outstanding   56,547   37,249   35,032   32,542   29,667 Diluted:                     Income before discontinued operations available to common stockholders   $ 2.06   $ 3.25   $ 3.09   $ 0.94   $ 1.03 Net income available to common stockholders   $ 2.06   $ 4.04   $ 3.41   $ 1.24   $ 1.14 Weighted average common stock outstanding   56,697   37,335   35,125   32,629   29,734 Cash dividend per common share   $ 5.11   $ 4.84   $ 4.40   $ 4.16   $ 4.13 (1) Reclassifications have been made in prior periods to conform to the current year’s presentation.     As of December 31,     2014   2013   2012   2011   2010     ($ in thousands) BALANCE SHEET DATA:                     Investment in rental properties (before accumulated depreciation)   $ 11,252,511   $ 5,443,757   $ 5,033,672   $ 4,313,064   $ 3,964,561 Net investment in rental properties   9,687,705   4,188,871   3,952,155   3,393,038   3,189,008 Real estate under development   434,371   50,430   66,851   44,280   217,531 Co-investments   1,036,411   677,133   571,345   383,412   107,840 Total assets   11,562,874   5,186,839   4,847,223   4,036,964   3,732,887 Total secured indebtedness   2,245,944   1,404,080   1,565,599   1,745,858   2,082,745 Total unsecured indebtedness   2,863,873   1,629,444   1,253,084   615,000   176,000 Redeemable noncontrolling interest   23,256   —   —   —   — Cumulative convertible preferred stock   —   4,349   4,349   4,349   4,349 Cumulative redeemable preferred stock   73,750   73,750   73,750   73,750   25,000 Stockholders' equity   6,022,672   1,884,619   1,764,804   1,437,527   1,149,946 33 Table of Contents     As of and for the years ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012   2011   2010     ($ in thousands, except per share amounts) OTHER DATA:     Funds from operations (FFO) (1) :                     Net income available to common stockholders   $ 116,859   $ 150,811   $ 119,812   $ 40,368   $ 33,764 Adjustments:                     Depreciation and amortization   360,592   193,518   170,686   152,543   129,711 Gains not included in FFO, net of internal disposition costs   (50,064 )   (67,975 )   (60,842 )   (7,543 )   — Depreciation add back from unconsolidated co-investments and other, net   37,555   23,377   21,194   14,804   7,893 Funds from operations   $ 464,942   $ 299,731   $ 250,850   $ 200,172   $ 171,368 Non-core items:                     Loss on early retirement of debt   268   300   5,009   1,163   — Merger and acquisition costs   55,408   5,445   2,255   1,231   1,250 Gain on sale of marketable securities and note prepayment   (886 )   (2,519 )   (819 )   (4,956 )   (12,491 ) Co-investment promote income   (10,640 )   —   (2,299 )   —   (500 ) Income from early redemption of preferred equity investments   (5,250 )   (1,358 )   —   —   — Other items, net  (2)   (681 )   (1,503 )   —   (831 )   1,168 Core funds from operations (Core FFO)   $ 503,161   $ 300,096   $ 254,996   $ 196,779   $ 160,795 Weighted average number of shares outstanding, diluted (FFO) (3)   58,921   39,501   37,378   34,861   32,028 Funds from operations per share - diluted   $ 7.89   $ 7.59   $ 6.71   $ 5.74   $ 5.35 Core funds from operations per share - diluted   $ 8.54   $ 7.60   $ 6.82   $ 5.64   $ 5.02 (1) FFO is a financial measure that is commonly used in the REIT industry.  The Company presents funds from operations as a supplemental operating performance measure.  FFO is not used by the Company, nor should it be considered to be, as an alternative to net earnings computed under GAAP as an indicator of the Company’s operating performance or as an alternative to cash from operating activities computed under GAAP as an indicator of the Company's ability to fund its cash needs. FFO is not meant to represent a comprehensive system of financial reporting and does not present, nor does it intend to present, a complete picture of the Company's financial condition and operating performance.  The Company believes that net earnings computed under GAAP remain the primary measure of performance and that FFO is only meaningful when it is used in conjunction with net earnings.  The Company considers FFO and FFO excluding non-routine items (referred to as “Core FFO”) to be useful financial performance measurements of an equity REIT because, together with net income and cash flows, FFO provides investors with an additional basis to evaluate operating performance and ability of a REIT to incur and service debt and to fund acquisitions and other capital expenditures and its ability to pay dividends.  Further, the Company believes that its consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with GAAP, provide the most meaningful picture of its financial condition and its operating performance.   In calculating FFO, the Company follows the definition for this measure published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”), which is a REIT trade association.  The Company believes that, under the NAREIT FFO definition, the three most significant adjustments made to net income are (i) the exclusion of historical cost depreciation, (ii) the exclusion of gains and losses from the sale of previously depreciated properties and (iii) the exclusion of impairment losses on depreciated properties.  Essex agrees that these three NAREIT adjustments are useful to investors for the following reasons:   (a) historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP assumes, through depreciation charges, that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. NAREIT stated in its White Paper on Funds from Operations “since real estate asset values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost  34 Table of Contents accounting to be insufficient by themselves.” Consequently, NAREIT’s definition of FFO reflects the fact that real estate, as an asset class, generally appreciates over time and depreciation charges required by GAAP do not reflect the underlying economic realities. (b) REITs were created as a legal form of organization in order to encourage public ownership of real estate as an asset class through investment in firms that were in the business of long-term ownership and management of real estate.  The exclusion, in NAREIT’s definition of FFO, of gains from the sales and impairment losses of previously depreciated operating real estate assets allows investors and analysts to readily identify the operating results of the long-term assets that form the core of a REIT’s activity and assists in comparing those operating results between periods. Management has consistently applied the NAREIT definition of FFO to all periods presented.  However, other REITs in calculating FFO may vary from the NAREIT definition for this measure, and thus their disclosure of FFO may not be comparable to the Company’s calculation. (2) Other items, net are non-recurring in nature and include items such as gains on non-operating assets and tax related items. (3) Assumes conversion of all dilutive outstanding operating partnership interests in the Operating Partnership. Essex Portfolio, L.P. and Subsidiaries     Years Ended December 31,     2014   2013   2012   2011   2010     ($ in thousands, except per unit amounts) OPERATING DATA:                     Rental and other property   $ 959,958   $ 602,003   $ 526,696   $ 460,660   $ 400,841 Management and other fees from affiliates (1)   9,347   7,263   8,457   5,428   3,836                       Income before discontinued operations   $ 134,438   $ 140,882   $ 127,653   $ 46,958   $ 47,424 Income from discontinued operations   —   31,173   11,937   10,558   3,358 Net income   134,438   172,055   139,590   57,516   50,782 Net income available to common unitholders   $ 121,726   $ 159,749   $ 127,771   $ 43,593   $ 42,842 Per unit data:                     Basic:                     Income before discontinued operations available to common unitholders   $ 2.07   $ 3.27   $ 3.11   $ 0.95   $ 1.04 Net income available to common unitholders   $ 2.07   $ 4.06   $ 3.43   $ 1.25   $ 1.14 Weighted average common units outstanding   58,772   39,380   37,252   34,774   31,961 Diluted:                     Income before discontinued operations available to common unitholders   $ 2.07   $ 3.26   $ 3.10   $ 0.95   $ 1.03 Net income available to common unitholders   $ 2.07   $ 4.05   $ 3.42   $ 1.25   $ 1.14 Weighted average common units outstanding   58,921   39,467   37,344   34,861   32,028 Cash distributions per common unit   $ 5.11   $ 4.84   $ 4.40   $ 4.16   $ 4.13   (1) Reclassifications have been made in prior periods to conform to the current year’s presentation. 35 Table of Contents     As of December 31,     2014   2013   2012   2011   2010     ($ in thousands) BALANCE SHEET DATA:                     Investment in rental properties (before accumulated depreciation)   $ 11,252,511   $ 5,443,757   $ 5,033,672   $ 4,313,064   $ 3,964,561 Net investment in rental properties   9,687,705   4,188,871   3,952,155   3,393,038   3,189,008 Real estate under development   434,371   50,430   66,851   44,280   217,531 Co-investments   1,036,411   677,133   571,345   383,412   107,840 Total assets   11,562,874   5,186,839   4,847,223   4,036,964   3,732,887 Total secured indebtedness   2,245,944   1,404,080   1,565,599   1,745,858   2,082,745 Total unsecured indebtedness   2,863,873   1,629,444   1,253,084   615,000   176,000 Redeemable noncontrolling interest   23,256   —   —   —   — Cumulative convertible preferred interest   —   4,349   4,349   4,349   4,349 Cumulative redeemable preferred interest   71,209   71,209   71,209   71,209   104,412 Partners' capital   6,073,433   1,932,108   1,811,427   1,486,914   1,284,515 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.  These consolidated financial statements include all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to reflect a fair statement of the results and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. On April 1, 2014, we completed the merger with BRE Properties, Inc. (“BRE”).   For further details regarding the merger, see the discussion set forth under the caption “Current Business Activities - Merger with BRE Properties, Inc.” in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.   The net assets and results of operations of BRE are included in our consolidated financial statements as of April 1, 2014.  Certain statements below discuss the Company’s estimates of its 2015 regional Same-Property revenues; these estimates are for Essex on a standalone basis, excluding the impact of the merger with BRE.    OVERVIEW ESS is a self-administered and self-managed REIT that acquires, develops, redevelops and manages apartment communities in selected residential areas located primarily in the West Coast of the United States.  ESS owns all of its interests in its real estate investments, directly or indirectly, through the Operating Partnership.  ESS is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and, as of  December 31, 2014 , had an approximately  96.7%  general partner interest in the Operating Partnership. The Company’s investment strategy has two components: constant monitoring of existing markets, and evaluation of new markets to identify areas with the characteristics that underlie rental growth.  The Company’s strong financial condition supports its investment strategy by enhancing its ability to quickly shift acquisition, development, and disposition activities to markets that will optimize the performance of the portfolio. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had ownership interests in  239  communities, comprising  57,455  apartment units. The Company’s apartment communities are predominately located in the following major regions:          Southern California  (Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Diego, Santa Barbara, and Ventura counties) Northern California  (the San Francisco Bay Area) Seattle Metro  (Seattle metropolitan area) As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company’s development pipeline was comprised of  two  consolidated projects under development,  ten  unconsolidated joint venture projects under development and various consolidated predevelopment projects aggregating  2,920  units, with total incurred costs of  $1.1 billion , and estimated remaining project costs of approximately  $0.4 billion  for total estimated project costs of  $1.5 billion .  36 Table of Contents As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company also had ownership interests in  four  commercial buildings (with approximately  325,200  square feet). By region, the Company's operating results for  2014  and  2013  and projections for  2015  new housing supply, job growth, and rental income are as follows: Southern California Region :  As of  December 31, 2014 , this region represented  47%  of the Company’s consolidated apartment units.  During the year ended  December 31, 2014 , revenues for “ 2014 / 2013  Same-Properties” (as defined below), or “Same-Property revenues,” increased  5.5%  in  2014  as compared to  2013 .  In  2015 , the Company expects new residential supply of  17,950  multifamily and  14,300  single family homes, which represents a total new multifamily supply of  0.8%  and  0.6%  of total housing stock, respectively.  The Company assumes an increase of  150,000  jobs or  2.1% , and an increase in same-property revenues between  4.50% to 5.50%  in  2015 .   Northern California Region :  As of  December 31, 2014 , this region represented  31%  of the Company’s consolidated apartment units.  Same-Property revenues increased  9.6%  in  2014  as compared to  2013 .  In  2015 , the Company expects new residential supply of  11,400  multifamily and  7,000  single family homes, which represents a total new multifamily supply of  1.3%  and  0.8% , respectively, of total housing stock.  The Company assumes an increase of  90,200  jobs or  2.9% , and an increase in same-property revenues between  8.25% to 9.25%  in  2015 .   Seattle Metro Region :  As of  December 31, 2014 , this region represented  21%  of the Company’s consolidated apartment units.  Same-Property revenues increased  7.5%  in  2014  as compared to  2013 .  In  2015 , the Company expects new residential supply of  9,000  multifamily and  7,500  single family homes, which represents a total new multifamily supply of  1.9%  and  1.4% , respectively, of total housing stock.  The Company assumes an increase of  43,300  jobs or  2.8% , and an increase in same-property revenues between  5.75% to 6.75%  in  2015 . The Company expects  2015  Same-Property revenues to increase compared to  2014  results, as renewal and new leases are signed at higher rents in  2015  than  2014 .  Same-Property operating expenses are expected to increase in  2015  by 3% to 4%.  The Company’s consolidated communities are as follows:   As of    As of    December 31, 2014   December 31, 2013   Apartment Units   %   Apartment Units   % Southern California 22,168   47 %   13,855   46 % Northern California 14,789   31 %   9,431   32 % Seattle Metro 10,216   21 %   6,703   22 % Other real estate assets (1) 552   1 %   —   — % Total 47,725   100 %   29,989   100 % (1) Includes one property in Arizona. With the sale of Pinnacle South Mountain, executed in January 2015, the Company has exited the Arizona apartment market (see Note 17, "Subsequent Events" for details). Co-investments communities, developments under construction and eight preferred equity interest co-investment communities are not included in the table presented above for both periods. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of Year Ended  December 31, 2014  to the Year Ended  December 31, 2013   The Company’s average financial occupancies for the Company’s stabilized apartment communities or “ 2014 / 2013  Same-Properties” (stabilized properties consolidated by the Company for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013 ) increased 10 basis points to  96.2%  in  2014  from  96.1%  in  2013 .  Financial occupancy is defined as the percentage resulting from dividing actual rental revenue by total possible rental revenue.  Actual rental revenue represents contractual rental revenue pursuant to leases without considering delinquency and concessions.  Total possible rental revenue represents the value of all apartment units, with occupied units valued at contractual rental rates pursuant to leases and vacant units valued at estimated market rents.   37 Table of Contents We believe that financial occupancy is a meaningful measure of occupancy because it considers the value of each vacant unit at its estimated market rate. Market rates are determined using the recently signed effective rates on new leases at the property and are used as the starting point in the determination of the market rates of vacant units. The Company may increase or decrease these rates based on the supply and demand in the apartment community’s market. The Company will check the reasonableness of these rents based on its position within the market and compare the rents against the asking rents by comparable properties in the market. Financial occupancy may not completely reflect short-term trends in physical occupancy and financial occupancy rates, as disclosed by other REITs, may not be comparable to the Company’s calculation of financial occupancy. The Company does not take into account delinquency and concessions to calculate actual rent for occupied units and market rents for vacant units.  The calculation of financial occupancy compares contractual rates for occupied units to estimated market rents for unoccupied units, thus the calculation compares the gross value of all apartment units excluding delinquency and concessions. For apartment communities that are development properties in lease-up without stabilized occupancy figures, the Company believes the physical occupancy rate is the appropriate performance metric.  While an apartment community is in the lease-up phase, the Company’s primary motivation is to stabilize the property which may entail the use of rent concessions and other incentives, and thus financial occupancy which is based on contractual revenue is not considered the best metric to quantify occupancy. The regional breakdown of the Company’s  2014 / 2013  Same-Property portfolio for financial occupancy for the years ended  December 31, 2014  and  2013  is as follows:   Years ended December 31,   2014   2013 Southern California 96.3 %   96.1 % Northern California 96.3 %   96.1 % Seattle Metro 96.0 %   96.1 % The following table provides a breakdown of revenue amounts, including the revenues attributable to  2014 / 2013  Same-Properties.     Number of   Years Ended December 31,   Dollar   Percentage Property Revenues   ($ in thousands)   Properties   2014   2013   Change   Change 2014/2013 Same-Properties:                     Southern California   58   $ 266,917   $ 253,007   $ 13,910   5.5 % Northern California   35   218,014   198,832   $ 19,182   9.6 % Seattle Metro   29   114,962   106,982   7,980   7.5 % Total 2014/2013 Same-Property revenues   122   599,893   558,821   41,072   7.3 % 2014/2013 Non-Same Property Revenues (1)       79,978   43,182   36,796   85.2 % 2014 BRE Legacy Property Revenues (2)       280,087   —   280,087     Total property revenues       $ 959,958   $ 602,003   $ 357,955   59.5 %   (1) Includes eleven communities acquired after January 1, 2013, three sold communities and one redevelopment community. (2) Includes 55 stabilized properties acquired in connection with the BRE merger on April 1, 2014, and two development communities in lease-up.   2014 / 2013  Same-Property Revenues  increased by  $41.1 million  or  7.3%  to  $599.9 million  for  2014  compared to  $558.8 million  in  2013 .  The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in scheduled rents of  $39.1 million  as reflected in an increase of  7.1%  in average rental rates from  $1,619  per unit for  2013  to  $1,734  per unit for  2014 .  Scheduled rents increased in all regions by  5.2% ,  9.5% , and  7.4%  in Southern California, Northern California, and Seattle Metro, respectively.  Income from utility billings and other income increased by  $2.2 million  and  $1.1 million , respectively in  2014  compared to  2013 .  Financial occupancy increased 10 basis points in  2014  to  96.2%  compared to  96.1%  in  2013 . 38 Table of Contents 2014 / 2013  Non-Same Property Revenues  increased by  $36.8 million  or  85.2%  to  $80.0 million  in  2014  compared to  $43.2 million  to  2013 .  The increase was primarily due to revenue generated from twelve communities acquired or consolidated since January 1, 2013. Management and other fees from affiliates  increased  $2.0 million  or  28.7%  to  $9.3 million  in  2014  compared to  $7.3 million  in  2013 .  The increase is primarily due to the asset and property management fees earned from the Wesco III, Wesco IV, and BEXAEW co-investments formed during 2014.  The increase in management fees was offset by a reduction of $1.2 million in asset and property management fees from the sale of two Fund II communities in 2014. Property operating expenses, excluding real estate taxes  increased  $64.3 million  or  46.3%  in  2014  compared to  2013 , primarily due to properties acquired in connection with the BRE merger and six other communities in 2014.   2014 / 2013  Same-Property operating expenses excluding real estate taxes, increased by  $3.8 million  or  3.0%  in  2014  compared to  2013 , due mainly to a $1.6 million increase in repairs and maintenance and a $1.3 million increase in utilities expense. Real estate taxes  increased  $50.6 million  or  88.3%  in  2014  compared to  2013 , due primarily to properties acquired in connection with the BRE merger and six other communities in 2014.   2014 / 2013  Same-Property real estate taxes increased by  $2.3 million  or  4.5%  for  2014  compared to  2013  due to a $1.6 million or 15.6% increase in property taxes for Seattle Metro due to higher assessed values for 2014. Depreciation and amortization expense  increased by  $168.2 million  or  87.4%  in  2014  compared to  2013 , due to the acquisition of BRE and six other communities.  The increase is due to the capitalization of approximately  $313.1 million  in additions to rental properties through  2014 , including  $152.8 million  spent on acquisition of and additions to real estate under development,  $81.4 million  spent on redevelopment, and  $78.9 million  spent on capital expenditures on rental properties.  Approximately  $122.0 million  in additions to rental properties were capitalized for  2013 , including  $17.8 million  spent on acquisition of and additions to real estate under development,  $47.3 million  spent on redevelopment, and  $56.9 million  spent on capital expenditures on rental properties. General and administrative expense  increased  $14.2 million  or  53.2%  in  2014  compared to  2013  primarily due to additional corporate employees from the BRE merger and $2.8 million in expenses related to the cyber-intrusion. Merger and integration expenses  include, but are not limited to, advisor fees, legal fees, and accounting fees related to the BRE merger. The Company completed the merger with BRE on April 1, 2014. Merger and integration expenses were  $53.5 million  for  2014  and  $4.3 million  for  2013 . Interest expense  increased  $48.0 million  or  41.2%  in  2014 ,  primarily due to additional debt assumed as part of the BRE merger, offset by an increase in capitalized interest from development and redevelopment projects. Equity income from co-investments  decreased by  $16.0 million  to  $39.9 million  in  2014  compared to  $55.9 million  in  2013 .  The decrease was primarily due to the Company’s share of the gain on the sale of two Fund II communities of $6.6 million, promote income of $10.6 million, and income from early redemption of preferred equity investments of $5.3 million in 2014, compared to the Company's share of gain on the sale of five Fund II communities of $38.8 million, net of internal dispositions costs in 2013. Comparison of Year Ended  December 31, 2013  to the Year Ended  December 31, 2012   The Company’s average financial occupancies for the Company’s stabilized apartment communities for “ 2013 / 2012  Same-Properties” (stabilized properties consolidated by the Company for the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012 ) decreased 10 basis points to 96.2% in  2013  from 96.3% in  2012 .  The regional breakdown of the Company’s stabilized  2013 / 2012  Same-Property portfolio for financial occupancy for the years ended  December 31, 2013  and  2012  is as follows:   Years ended December 31,   2013   2012 Southern California 96.1 %   96.1 % Northern California 96.3 %   96.7 % Seattle Metro 96.1 %   96.1 % 39 Table of Contents The following table provides a breakdown of revenue amounts, including the revenues attributable to  2013 / 2012  Same-Properties.     Number of   Years Ended December 31,   Dollar   Percentage Property Revenues   ($ in thousands)   Properties   2013   2012   Change   Change 2013/2012 Same-Properties:                     Southern California   58   $ 235,306   $ 225,435   $ 9,871   4.4 % Northern California   35   184,508   170,578   $ 13,930   8.2 % Seattle Metro   29   93,139   86,483   $ 6,656   7.7 % Total 2013/2012 Same-Property revenues   122   512,953   482,496   $ 30,457   6.3 % 2013/2012 Non-Same Property Revenues (1)       89,050   44,200   $ 44,850   101.5 % Total property revenues       $ 602,003   $ 526,696   $ 75,307   14.3 % (1)  Includes fifteen communities acquired after January 1, 2012, two redevelopment communities, and three commercial buildings. 2013 / 2012  Same-Property Revenues  increased by $30.5 million or 6.3% to $513.0 million for 2013 compared to $482.5 million in 2012.  The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in scheduled rents of $29.6 million as reflected in an increase of 6.3% in average rental rates from $1,502 per unit for 2012 to $1,597 per unit for 2013.  Scheduled rents increased in all regions by 4.1%, 8.4%, and 7.7% in Southern California, Northern California, and Seattle Metro, respectively.  Income from utility billings and other income increased by $1.0 million and $1.2 million, respectively in 2013 compared to 2012.  Occupancy decreased 10 basis points in 2013 to 96.2% compared to 96.3% in 2012. 2013 / 2012  Non-Same Property Revenues  increased by $44.9 million or 102% to $89.1 million in 2013 compared to $44.2 million to 2012.  The increase was primarily due to revenue generated from fifteen communities acquired or consolidated since January 1, 2012 (Annaliese, Ascent, Bennett Lofts, Domain, Domaine, Essex Skyline at MacArthur Place, Fox Plaza, Montebello, Park Catalina, Park West, Reed Square, Slater 116, The Huntington, Vox and Willow Lake). Management and other fees from affiliates  decreased  $1.2 million  or  14.1%  to  $7.3 million  in 2013 compared to  $8.5 million  in 2012.  The decrease is primarily due to a reduction of $2.3 million in asset and property management fees from the sale of eight Fund II communities since the fourth quarter of 2012. An additional four communities owned by Fund II were sold in 2013. Property operating expenses, excluding real estate taxes  increased $14.9 million or 12.1% in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to the acquisition of fifteen communities.  2013/2012 Same-Property operating expenses excluding real estate taxes, increased by $3.6 million or 3.2% in 2013 compared to 2012, due mainly to a $1.4 million increase in repairs and maintenance, a $1.2 million increase in utilities expense, and a $0.9 million increase in administration costs. Real estate taxes  increased $8.9 million or 18.5% in 2013 compared to 2012, due primarily to the acquisition of fifteen communities.  2013/2012 Same-Property real estate taxes increased by $2.6 million or 6.0% for the 2013 compared to 2012 due to $1.3 million or 17.5% increase in property taxes for Seattle Metro due to higher assessed values for 2013, and an increase of 3.7% in property taxes for the properties located in California. Depreciation and amortization expense  increased by $23.2 million or 13.7% in 2013 compared to 2012, due to the acquisition of fifteen communities.  The increase is due to the capitalization of approximately  $122.0 million  in additions to rental properties through 2013, including  $17.8 million  spent on acquisition of and additions to real estate under development,  $47.3 million  spent on redevelopment, and  $56.9 million  spent on capital expenditures on rental properties.  Approximately  $121.2 million  in additions to rental properties were capitalized for 2012, including  $29.2 million  spent on acquisitions of and additions to real estate under development,  $46.6 million  spent on redevelopment, and  $45.4 million  spent on capital expenditures on rental properties. General and administrative expense  increased  $2.1 million  or  8.6%  in 2013 compared to 2012 offset by annual compensation increases for merit, investments in technology, and the addition of staff. 40 Table of Contents Merger and integration expenses  include, but are not limited to, advisor fees, legal fees, and accounting fees related to the merger with BRE.  The Company entered into a definitive agreement to combine with BRE in December 2013. Merger expenses were $4.3 million for 2013 and zero for 2012. Interest expense  increased $4.6 million or 4.1% in 2013, primarily due to an increase in average outstanding debt for the funding of 2012 and 2013 acquisitions and costs incurred on the development pipeline. Interest and other income  decreased by $2.2 million in 2013 primarily due to $2.3 million of promote income earned from achieving certain performance hurdles related to the Essex Skyline co-investment in 2012. Equity income from co-investments  increased by $14.2 million to $55.9 million in 2013 compared to $41.7 million in 2012.  The increase was primarily due to the Company’s share of the gain on the sale of five Fund II communities of $38.8 million, net of internal disposition costs, and $1.4 million income earned from the early prepayment of a preferred equity investment in 2013.  Additionally, equity income increased with income earned from four communities acquired by the Wesco joint ventures in the second half of 2012 and two communities in the second quarter of 2013. The increase in equity income in 2013 by the Wesco joint venture was offset by a decrease in income related to the sale of eight Fund II communities since the fourth quarter of 2012 including four communities sold in the third quarter of 2013. Loss on early retirement of debt, net  was $0.3 million for 2013 compared to $5.0 million in 2012. The $0.3 million loss in 2013 reflects a gain of $1.5 million earned from the redemption of bonds in the second quarter of 2013 offset by losses incurred from the write-off of deferred financing costs and prepayment penalties related to the prepayment of secured debt loans in 2013. The 2012 loss was due to the write-off of deferred financing costs and prepayment penalties related to the early termination of secured debt related to six communities.  The loss for 2012 also included the Company’s pro-rata share of the write-off of deferred financing costs and prepayment penalties incurred for the prepayment of the secured debt for the Essex Skyline joint venture and seven Fund II communities sold in 2012. Income from discontinued operations  for 2013 was $31.2 million and included gains of $29.2 million from the sales of Linden Square, Brentwood and Cambridge.  For 2012, income from discontinued operations was $11.9 million and included a gain of $9.8 million from the sale of Tierra del Sol/Norte and Alpine Country, net of internal disposition costs. Discontinued operations for 2013 and 2012 reflect the operating results of the three communities sold in 2013 and the two communities sold in 2012. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table sets forth the Company’s cash flows for  2014 ,   2013  and  2012  ($ in thousands):     For the year ended     12/31/2014   12/31/2013   12/31/2012 Cash flow provided by (used in):             Operating activities   $ 492,983   $ 304,982   $ 267,499 Investing activities   $ (1,147,156 )   $ (453,696 )   $ (812,138 ) Financing activities   $ 520,610   $ 148,599   $ 550,356 ESS’s business is operated primarily through the Operating Partnership. ESS issues public equity from time to time, but does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company which are fully reimbursed by the Operating Partnership. ESS itself does not hold any indebtedness, and its only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. ESS’s principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common stock and preferred stock. ESS’s principal source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from the Operating Partnership. As of  December 31, 2014 , ESS owned a  96.7%  general partner interest and the limited partners owned the remaining  3.3%  interest in the Operating Partnership. The liquidity of ESS is dependent on the Operating Partnership’s ability to make sufficient distributions to ESS. The primary cash requirement of ESS is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. ESS also guarantees some of the Operating Partnership’s debt, as discussed further in Notes 7 and 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere  41 Table of Contents herein. If the Operating Partnership fails to fulfill certain of its debt requirements, which trigger the ESS’s guarantee obligations, then ESS will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. However, ESS’s only significant asset is its investment in the Operating Partnership. For ESS to maintain its qualification as a REIT, it must pay dividends to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains. While historically ESS has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, ESS’s own stock. As a result of this distribution requirement, the Operating Partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its ongoing operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not REITs can. ESS may need to continue to raise capital in the equity markets to fund the Operating Partnership’s working capital needs, acquisitions and developments. Fitch Ratings ("Fitch"), Moody’s Investor Service, and Standard and Poor's (“S&P”) credit agencies rate Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Essex Portfolio, L.P. BBB+/Stable, Baa2/Stable, and BBB/Stable, respectively. At  December 31, 2014 , the Company had  $25.3 million  of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and  $117.2 million  in marketable securities, of which  $44.2 million  were held available for sale.  The Company believes that cash flows generated by its operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities balances, availability under existing lines of credit, access to capital markets and the ability to generate cash from the disposition of real estate are sufficient to meet all of the Company’s reasonably anticipated cash needs during  2015 .  The timing, source and amounts of cash flows provided by financing activities and used in investing activities are sensitive to changes in interest rates and other fluctuations in the capital markets environment, which can affect the Company’s plans for acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment activities. The Company has two lines of credit aggregating  $1.03 billion  as of  December 31, 2014  including a  $1.0 billion  unsecured line of credit.  As of  December 31, 2014 , there was a  $229.8 million  balance on this unsecured line of credit with an underlying interest rate of LIBOR plus  0.95% .  In January 2015, the facility maturity date was extended to  December 31, 2018  with one 18-month extension, exercisable by the Company. The Company also has a  $25.0 million  working capital unsecured line of credit agreement.  As of  December 31, 2014 , there was a  $16.6 million  balance on this unsecured line with an underlying interest rate of LIBOR plus  0.95% .  This facility matures in January 2016. In April 2014, the Company, assumed  $900.0 million  aggregate principal amount of BRE’s  5.500%  senior notes due 2017;  5.200%  senior notes due 2021; and  3.375%  senior notes due 2023 (together “BRE Notes”). The carrying value of the BRE Notes, plus premium, was  $934.7 million  as of December 31, 2014. In April 2014, the Company issued $400.0 million of senior unsecured notes due on May 1, 2024 with a coupon rate of 3.875% per annum.  The interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing November 1, 2014 until the maturity date of May 1, 2024. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay indebtedness under the Company's $1.0 billion unsecured line of credit facility and for other general corporate purposes. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had  $465.0 million  of private placement unsecured bonds outstanding at an average interest rate of  4.5%  with maturity dates ranging from March 2016 through August 2021. In April 2013, the Company issued $300.0 million of senior unsecured bonds due May 1, 2023 with a coupon rate of 3.25% per annum.  The interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing November 1, 2013, until maturity.  The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay indebtedness under the Company’s $600.0 million unsecured line of credit facility and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. During the third quarter of 2012, the Company issued $300 million of senior unsecured bonds due August 2022 with a coupon rate of 3.625% per annum and payable on February 15 th  and August 15 th  of each year, beginning February 15, 2013. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had a $225.0 million unsecured term loan outstanding at a weighted average effective interest rate of 2.4%.  The term loan has a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.05%. The Company has entered into interest rate swap contracts for a term of five years with a notional amount totaling $225.0 million, which effectively converted the interest rate on $225.0 million of the term loan to a fixed rate of 2.4%. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company’s mortgage notes payable totaled  $2.2 billion  which consisted of  $2.1 billion  in fixed rate debt with interest rates varying from 4.3% to 6.4% and maturity dates ranging from 2015 to 2021 and  $179.2 million  of  42 Table of Contents tax-exempt variable rate demand notes with a weighted average interest rate of  1.8% . The tax-exempt variable rate demand notes have maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2040, and  $153.2 million  are subject to interest rate caps. The Company’s unsecured line of credit and unsecured debt agreements contain debt covenants related to limitations on indebtedness and liabilities and maintenance of minimum levels of consolidated earnings before depreciation, interest and amortization.  The Company was in compliance with the debt covenants as of  December 31, 2014  and 2013. The Company pays quarterly dividends from cash available for distribution. Until it is distributed, cash available for distribution is invested by the Company primarily in investment grade securities held available for sale or is used by the Company to reduce balances outstanding under its line of credit. The Company has benefited from borrowing from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and there are no assurances that these entities will lend to the Company in the future.  To the extent that the Company’s access to capital and credit is at a higher cost than the Company has experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing) the Company’s ability to make acquisitions, develop communities, obtain new financing, and refinance existing borrowing at competitive rates could be adversely impacted.  For the past two years the Company has primarily issued unsecured debt and repaid secured debt when it has matured to place less reliance on mortgage debt financing, and to unencumber more of the Company's communities. Derivative Activity The Company uses interest rate swaps and interest rate cap contracts to manage certain interest rate risks. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. The Company has entered into interest rate swap contracts with an aggregate notional amount of  $225.0 million  that effectively fixed the interest rate on the  $225.0 million  unsecured term loan at  2.4% .  These derivatives qualify for hedge accounting.   As of  December 31, 2014  the Company also had  nine  interest rate cap contracts totaling a notional amount of  $153.2 million  that effectively limit the Company’s exposure to interest rate risk by providing a ceiling on the underlying variable interest rate for  $153.2 million  of the Company’s tax exempt variable rate debt. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the aggregate carrying value of the interest rate swap contracts was a liability of  $1.8 million  and  $2.7 million , respectively. The aggregate carrying value of the interest rate cap contracts was zero on the balance sheets as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 . Hedge ineffectiveness related to cash flow hedges, which is reported in current year income as interest expense was not significant for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . Issuance of Common Stock In 2014, the Company filed a new shelf registration statement with the SEC, allowing the Company to sell an undetermined number or amount of certain equity (only ESS) and debt securities as defined in the prospectus. ESS has entered into equity distribution agreements with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Barclays Capital Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc, Jefferies LLC ("Jefferies"), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("JP Morgan"), Liquidnet, Inc., Mitsubishi UFJ Securities(USA), Inc, and UBS Securities LLC ("UBS").  Pursuant to its equity distribution program, in  2014 , ESS issued  2,964,315  shares of common stock for  $534.0 million , net of fees and commissions, and in  2013 , ESS issued  913,344  shares of common stock for proceeds of  $138.4 million , net of fees and commissions.  During the first quarter of  2015  through  February 24, 2015 , ESS has issued  636,021  shares of common stock at an average price of  $224.76  for proceeds of  $142.0 million , net of fees and commissions.  Under this program, ESS may from time to time sell shares of common stock into the existing trading market at current market prices, and the Company anticipates using the net proceeds, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership, to pay down debt, acquire apartment communities and fund the  43 Table of Contents development pipeline.  As of  February 24, 2015 , ESS may sell an additional  413,979,566  shares under the current equity distribution program. Capital Expenditures Non-revenue generating capital expenditures are improvements and upgrades that extend the useful life of the property.  For the year ended  December 31, 2014 , non-revenue generating capital expenditures totaled approximately  $1,198  per unit. The Company expects to incur approximately $1,200 per unit in non-revenue generating capital expenditures for the year ending December 31,  2015 .  These expenditures do not include the improvements required in connection with the origination of mortgage loans, expenditures for deferred maintenance on acquisition properties, and expenditures for property renovations and improvements which are expected to generate additional revenue.  The Company expects that cash from operations and/or its lines of credit will fund such expenditures.  However, there can be no assurance that the actual expenditures incurred during  2015  and/or the funding thereof will not be significantly different than the Company’s current expectations. Development and Predevelopment Pipeline The Company defines development activities as new communities that are in various stages of active development, or the community is in lease-up and phases of the project are not completed.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had two consolidated development projects comprised of  624  units with an estimated cost of  $447.0 million  of which  $58.0 million  remains to be expended, and ten unconsolidated joint venture active development projects comprised of  2,296  units with an estimated cost of  $1.0 billion , of which  $362.0 million  remains to be expended.  The Company's share of these estimated remaining project costs is approximately  $192.0 million .   The Company defines the predevelopment pipeline as proposed communities in negotiation or in the entitlement process with a high likelihood of becoming entitled development projects.  The Company may also acquire land for future development purposes or sale.   The Company expects to fund the development and predevelopment pipeline by using a combination of some or all of the following sources: its working capital, amounts available on its lines of credit, construction loans, net proceeds from public and private equity and debt issuances, and proceeds from the disposition of properties, if any. Redevelopment Pipeline The Company defines redevelopment communities as existing properties owned or recently acquired, which have been targeted for additional investment by the Company with the expectation of increased financial returns through property improvement.  During redevelopment, apartment units may not be available for rent and, as a result, may have less than stabilized operations.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had ownership interests in three major redevelopment communities aggregating  963  apartment units with estimated redevelopment costs of  $122.0 million , of which approximately  $96.4 million  remains to be expended. Alternative Capital Sources Wesco, I LLC (“Wesco I”) is a 50/50 programmatic joint venture with an institutional partner for a total equity commitment of $300.0 million.  Each partner’s equity commitment is $150.0 million.  Wesco I will utilize debt targeted at approximately 50% of the cost to acquire and improve real estate.  The Company has contributed $150.0 million to Wesco I, and as of  December 31, 2014 , Wesco I owned nine apartment communities with  2,713  units with an aggregate carrying value of approximately  $682.4 million . During 2012, the Company entered into a 50/50 programmatic joint venture, Wesco III LLC (“Wesco III”), with an institutional partner for a total equity commitment from the parties of $120.0 million.  Each partner’s equity commitment is $60.0 million, and Wesco III will utilize debt targeted at approximately 50% of the cost to acquire and improve real estate. During the first quarter of 2014, BRE contributed three assets to Wesco III. The Company has contributed $39.7 million to Wesco III and, as of December 31, 2014, Wesco III owned six apartment communities with  993  units for an aggregate carrying value of approximately  $230.7 million . Investments with Wesco I or Wesco III must meet certain criteria to qualify for inclusion in the joint ventures and both partners must approve any new acquisitions and material dispositions. The joint ventures have an investment period of up to two years.  The Company records revenue for its asset management, property management, development, and redevelopment services when earned, and promote income when realized, if Wesco I or Wesco III exceeds certain financial return benchmarks. 44 Table of Contents During the second quarter of 2013, the Company provided two short-term bridge loans to Wesco III totaling $56.8 million to assist with the purchase of the Regency at Mountain View and Gas Company Lofts and both loans were at a rate of LIBOR + 2.50%. Wesco III repaid these two loans on Regency at Mountain View and Gas Company Lofts in January 2014 and April 2014, respectively. On April 1, 2014, in connection with the merger, the Company acquired a 50% interest in Wesco IV LLC (“Wesco IV”) and a 50% interest in BEXAEW LLC (“BEXAEW”). Wesco IV and BEXAEW’s remaining 50% interest is owned by institutional partners. Wesco IV and BEXAEW expect to utilize debt targeted at approximately 50% and 60%, respectively, of the cost to acquire and improve real estate. Under the terms of Wesco IV’s and BEXAEW’s operating agreements, Essex is entitled to asset management, property management, development and redevelopment service fees. In addition, Essex is entitled to its 50% pro rata share of the income or loss generated by these entities and, upon the achievement of certain performance measures, is entitled to promote income. As of December 31, 2014, Wesco IV owned five apartment communities with  1,116  units with an aggregate carrying value of approximately  $297.9 million . As of December 31, 2014, BEXAEW owned nine apartment communities with  2,723  units with an aggregate carrying value of approximately  $519.2 million . Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments The following table summarizes the maturity or due dates of the Company’s contractual obligations and other commitments at  December 31, 2014 , and the effect such obligations could have on the Company’s liquidity and cash flow in future periods ($ in thousands):     2015   2016 and 2017   2018 and 2019   Thereafter   Total Mortgage notes payable   $ 94,580   $ 240,164   $ 885,881   $ 941,526   $ 2,162,151 Unsecured debt   —   715,000   75,000   1,800,000   2,590,000 Lines of credit   —   16,577   —   229,814   246,391 Interest on indebtedness (1)   188,481   353,889   286,471   326,666   1,155,507 Development commitments (including co-investments)   185,651   63,319   578   —   249,548     $ 468,712   $ 1,388,949   $ 1,247,930   $ 3,298,006   $ 6,403,597 (1) Interest on indebtedness for variable debt was calculated using interest rates as of  December 31, 2014 . Variable Interest Entities In accordance with accounting standards for consolidation of variable interest entities (VIEs), the Company consolidates  17  DownREIT limited partnerships (comprising  ten  communities).  The Company consolidates these entities because it is deemed the primary beneficiary.  The consolidated total assets and liabilities related to these VIEs, net of intercompany eliminations, were approximately  $200.0 million  and  $196.6 million , respectively, as of  December 31, 2014 , and  $194.9 million  and  $178.3 million  respectively, as of  December 31, 2013 .  Interest holders in VIEs consolidated by the Company are allocated net income equal to the cash payments made to those interest holders for services rendered or distributions from cash flow.  The remaining results of operations are generally allocated to the Company.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company did not have any VIE’s of which it was not deemed to be the primary beneficiary. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  The Company defines critical accounting policies as those accounting policies that require the Company's management to exercise their most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.  The Company’s critical accounting policies relate principally to the following key areas: (i) accounting for business combinations; (ii) consolidation under applicable accounting standards of various entities; (iii) assessing the carrying values of the Company's real estate and investments in and advances to joint ventures and affiliates; and (iv) internal cost capitalization.  The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, current market conditions, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from those estimates made by management. 45 Table of Contents The Company accounts for its business combinations, including the merger and other acquisitions of investments in real estate, in accordance with ASC 805-10, Business Combinations, which requires the acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities to be recorded at fair value, with excess purchase price, if any, recorded to goodwill. The Company must make significant assumptions in determining the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired and consideration transferred. The use of different assumptions in estimating the fair value could affect the measurement and timing of recognition of acquired assets and liabilities and related expenses. The consideration transferred in a business combination is generally measured at fair value. For debt assumed by the Company, the fair value is determined using estimated market interest rates for debt with comparable terms in place at the time of the acquisition. For equity issued by the Company, the fair value is generally based on the fair value of the Company’s equity interests at the date of issuance. The fair value of the tangible assets, which principally includes land and building, is determined first by valuing the property as a whole as if it were vacant, using stabilized net operating income and market specific capitalization rates. The fair value of the land and building is then recorded based on its estimated fair value. In calculating the fair value of identified intangible assets of an acquired property, the in-place leases are valued based on in-place rent rates and estimated time and cost to lease a unit. The initial purchase accounting is based on the Company’s preliminary assessment, which may differ when additional information becomes available. Subsequent adjustments made to the initial purchase accounting, if any, are made within the measurement period, which will be finalized within one year of the acquisition date. The Company assesses each entity in which it has an investment or contractual relationship to determine if it may be deemed to be a VIE.  If such an entity is a VIE, then the Company performs an analysis to determine who is the primary beneficiary.  If the Company is the primary beneficiary, then the entity is consolidated.  The analysis required to identify VIEs and primary beneficiaries is complex and judgmental, and the analysis must be applied to various types of entities and legal structures. The Company assesses the carrying value of its real estate investments by monitoring investment market conditions and performance compared to budget for operating properties and joint ventures, and by monitoring estimated costs for properties under development.  Local market knowledge and data is used to assess carrying values of properties and the market value of acquisition opportunities.  Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property held for investment may not be fully recoverable, the carrying amount is evaluated.  If the sum of the property’s expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the property, then the Company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the property.  Adverse changes in market conditions or poor operating results of real estate investments could result in impairment charges.  When the Company determines that a property is held for sale, it discontinues the periodic depreciation of that property.  The criteria for determining when a property is held for sale requires judgment and has potential financial statement impact as depreciation would cease and an impairment loss could occur upon determination of held for sale status.  Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or estimated fair value less costs to sell. Further, the Company evaluates whether its co-investments are other than temporarily impaired and, if so, records an impairment loss equal to the excess of the co-investments' carrying value over its estimated fair value. The Company capitalizes all direct and certain indirect costs, including interest and real estate taxes, incurred during development and redevelopment activities. Interest is capitalized on real estate assets that require a period of time to get them ready for their intended use.  The amount of interest capitalized is based upon the average amount of accumulated development expenditures during the reporting period.  Included in capitalized costs are management’s accounting estimates of the direct and incremental personnel costs and indirect project costs associated with the Company's development and redevelopment activities.  Indirect project costs consist primarily of personnel costs associated with construction administration and development, including accounting, legal fees, and various corporate and community onsite costs that clearly relate to projects under development. The Company bases its accounting estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results may vary from those estimates and those estimates could be different under different assumptions or conditions. Net Operating Income (“NOI”) 46 Table of Contents Same-Property net operating income (“NOI”) is considered by management to be an important supplemental performance measure to earnings from operations included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.   The presentation of Same-Property NOI assists with the presentation of the Company’s operations prior to the allocation of depreciation and any corporate-level or financing-related costs.  NOI reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easy comparison of the operating performance of individual communities or groups of communities. Prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impacts to overhead by acquiring real estate, and NOI is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets.  The Company defines Same-Property NOI as Same-Property revenue less Same-Property operating expenses. The reconciliation of earnings from operations to Same-Property NOI for the periods presented:   2014   2013   2012 Earnings from operations $ 201,514   $ 188,705   $ 167,025 Adjustments:           General and administrative 40,878   26,684   24,573 Management and other fees from affiliates (9,347 )   (7,263 )   (8,457 ) Depreciation and amortization 360,592   192,420   169,173 Merger and integration expenses 53,530   4,284   — Acquisition and disposition costs 1,878   1,161   2,215 Net operating income 649,045   405,991   354,529 Less: Non Same-Property NOI (234,147 )   (26,073 )   (16,698 ) Same-Property NOI $ 414,898   $ 379,918   $ 337,831 Forward Looking Statements Certain statements in this "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which are not historical facts may be considered forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding the Company's expectations, hopes, intentions, beliefs and strategies regarding the future.  Forward looking statements include statements regarding the Company's expectations as to the timing of completion of current development and redevelopment projects and the stabilization dates of such projects, expectation as to the total projected costs of development and redevelopment projects, beliefs as to the adequacy of future cash flows to meet operating requirements, anticipated cash needs to provide for dividend payments in accordance with REIT requirements, expectations as to the amount of non-revenue generating capital expenditures, future acquisitions, the Company's development and redevelopment pipeline and the sources of funding for it, the anticipated performance of existing properties, the effect of property sales on future results, anticipated property and growth trends in various geographic regions, statements regarding the Company’s expected  2015  Same-Property revenue, and  2015  Same-Property operating expenses, statements regarding the Company's financing activities, and the use of proceeds from such activities. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors including, but not limited to, that the Company will fail to achieve its business objectives, that the actual completion of development and redevelopment projects will be subject to delays, that the stabilization dates of such projects will be delayed, that the total projected costs of current development and redevelopment projects will exceed expectations, that such development and redevelopment projects will not be completed, that development and redevelopment projects and acquisitions will fail to meet expectations, that estimates of future income from an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate, that future cash flows will be inadequate to meet operating requirements and/or will be insufficient to provide for dividend payments in accordance with REIT requirements, that the actual non-revenue generating capital expenditures will exceed the Company's current expectations, that there may be a downturn in the markets in which the Company's communities are located, that the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness, as well as those risks, special considerations, and other factors discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, and those risk factors and special considerations set forth in the Company’s other filings with the SEC which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  All forward-looking statements are made as of today, and the Company assumes no obligation to update this information. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 47 Table of Contents Interest Rate Hedging Activities The Company’s objective in using derivatives is to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements or other identified risks.  To accomplish this objective, the Company entered into interest rate swaps as part of its cash flow hedging strategy.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company has  seven  interest rate swap contracts to mitigate the risk of changes in the interest-related cash outflows on  $225.0 million  of the five-year unsecured term debt.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company also had  $189.2 million  of variable rate indebtedness, of which  $153.2 million  is subject to interest rate cap protection.   All of the Company’s derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges, and the Company does not have any fair value hedges as of  December 31, 2014 .  The following table summarizes the notional amount, carrying value, and estimated fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments used to hedge interest rates as of  December 31, 2014 .   The notional amount represents the aggregate amount of a particular security that is currently hedged at one time, but does not represent exposure to credit, interest rates or market risks.  The table also includes a sensitivity analysis to demonstrate the impact on the Company’s derivative instruments from an increase or decrease in 10-year Treasury bill interest rates by 50 basis points, as of  December 31, 2014 .             Carrying and   Estimated Carrying Value         Maturity   Estimate   + 50   - 50 ($ in thousands )   Notional Amount   Date Range   Fair      Value   Basis Points   Basis Points Cash flow hedges:                     Interest rate swaps   $ 225,000   2016-2017   $ (1,767 )   $ 148   $ (3,846 ) Interest rate caps   153,239   2015-2019   —   50   — Total cash flow hedges   $ 378,239   2015-2019   $ (1,767 )   $ 198   $ (3,846 ) Interest Rate Sensitive Liabilities The Company is exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of its line of credit and long-term debt used to maintain liquidity and fund capital expenditures and expansion of the Company’s real estate investment portfolio and operations. The Company’s interest rate risk management objective is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower its overall borrowing costs. To achieve its objectives the Company borrows primarily at fixed rates and may enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps and treasury locks in order to mitigate its interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. The Company does not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. The Company’s interest rate risk is monitored using a variety of techniques.  The table below presents the principal amounts and weighted average interest rates by year of expected maturity to evaluate the expected cash flows. Management has estimated that the fair value of the Company’s  $4.4 billion  of fixed rate debt at  December 31, 2014 , to be  $4.6 billion .  Management has estimated the fair value of the Company’s  $660.6 million  of variable rate debt at  December 31, 2014 , is  $656.3 million  based on the terms of existing mortgage notes payable and variable rate demand notes compared to those available in the marketplace ($ in thousands).     For the Years Ended December 31,   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   Thereafter   Total   Fair value Fixed rate debt $ 94,580   $ 191,481   $ 538,683   $ 320,080   $ 630,801   $ 2,562,324   $ 4,337,949   $ 4,531,964 Average interest rate 5.1 %   4.5 %   3.3 %   5.5 %   4.3 %   3.9 %         Variable rate debt $ —   $ 216,577   $ 25,000   $ —   $ 239,814   $ 179,202 (1 ) $ 660,593   $ 656,345 Average interest rate —   2.2 %   2.2 %   —   1.7 %   1.9 %           (1) $153.2 million subject to interest rate caps. 48 Table of Contents The table incorporates only those exposures that exist as of  December 31, 2014 ; it does not consider those exposures or positions that could arise after that date.  As a result, the Company’s ultimate realized gain or loss, with respect to interest rate fluctuations and hedging strategies would depend on the exposures that arise during the period. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The response to this item is submitted as a separate section of this Form 10-K. See Item 15. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Essex Property Trust, Inc. As of  December 31, 2014 , ESS carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)).  Based upon that evaluation, ESS’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of  December 31, 2014 , ESS’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by ESS in the reports that ESS files or submits under the Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such disclosure controls and procedures were also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that ESS  files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the ESS’s management, including ESS’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There were no changes in ESS’s internal control over financial reporting, that occurred during the quarter ended  December 31, 2014 , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, ESS’s internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting ESS’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). ESS’s management assessed the effectiveness of ESS’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014 . In making this assessment, ESS’s management used the criteria set forth in the report entitled “Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992)” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). ESS’s management has concluded that, as of  December 31, 2014 , its internal control over financial reporting was effective based on these criteria. ESS’s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report over ESS’s internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. Essex Portfolio, L.P. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the general partner, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)).  Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the general partner concluded that as of  December 31, 2014 , the Operating Partnership’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in the reports that the files or submits under the Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such disclosure controls and procedures were also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Operating Partnership files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Operating Partnership’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the general partner, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There were no changes in the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting, that occurred during the quarter ended  December 31, 2014 , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting. 49 Table of Contents Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Operating Partnership’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). The Operating Partnership’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014 . In making this assessment, the Operating Partnership’s management used the criteria set forth in the report entitled “Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992)” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). The Operating Partnership’s management has concluded that, as of  December 31, 2014 , its internal control over financial reporting was effective based on these criteria.   Item 9B. Other Information None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our  2015  Annual Meeting of Shareholders, under the heading “Board and Corporate Governance Matters,” to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of  December 31, 2014 . Item 11. Executive Compensation   The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our  2015  Annual Meeting of Shareholders, under the headings “Executive Compensation and Other Information” and “Election of Directors – Governance, Board, and Committee Meetings: Compensation of Directors,” to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of  December 31, 2014 . Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our  2015  Annual Meeting of Shareholders, under the heading “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of  December 31, 2014 .   Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our  2015  Annual Meeting of Shareholders, under the heading “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,” to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of  December 31, 2014 . Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our  2015  Annual Meeting of Shareholders, under the headings “Report of the Audit Committee” and “Fees of KPMG LLP,” to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of  December 31, 2014 . 50 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   (A) Financial Statements   (1)   Consolidated Financial Statements of Essex Property Trust, Inc. Page     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 1     Consolidated Balance Sheets: As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 F- 4     Consolidated Statements of Income: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 5     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 6     Consolidated Statements of Equity: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 7     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 10     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 21     (2)   Consolidated Financial Statements of Essex Portfolio, L.P.       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 3     Consolidated Balance Sheets: As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 F- 12     Consolidated Statements of Income: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 14     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 15     Consolidated Statements of Capital: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 16     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 F- 19     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 21     (3)  Financial Statement Schedule – Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2014. F- 56     (4)   See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page and certifications for a list of exhibits filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report.     (B) Exhibits   The Company hereby files, as exhibits to this Form 10-K, those exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index referenced in Item 15(A)(4) above. 51 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Essex Property Trust, Inc.:   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Essex Property Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2014 . In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we have also audited the accompanying financial statement schedule III. These consolidated financial statements and the accompanying financial statement schedule III are the responsibility of Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and the accompanying financial statement schedule III based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Essex Property Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2014 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule III, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated  March 2, 2015  expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting. As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, Essex Property Trust, Inc. changed its method for reporting discontinued operations in 2014 due to the adoption of FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.   /S/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP   San Francisco, California March 2, 2015   F- 1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Essex Property Trust, Inc.: We have audited Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Essex Property Trust, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Essex Property Trust, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of  December 31, 2014 , based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).   We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Essex Property Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2014 , and our report dated  March 2, 2015 , expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.   /S/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP   San Francisco, California March 2, 2015   F- 2 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The General Partner Essex Portfolio, L.P.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the Operating Partnership) and subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2014 . In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we have also audited the accompanying financial statement schedule III. These consolidated financial statements and the accompanying financial statement schedule III are the responsibility of Operating Partnership’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and the accompanying financial statement schedule III based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Essex Portfolio, L.P. and subsidiaries as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2014 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule III, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, Essex Portfolio, L.P. changed its method for reporting discontinued operations in 2014 due to the adoption of FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. /S/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP San Francisco, California March 2, 2015   F- 3 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2014  and  2013   (Dollars in thousands, except share amounts)    2014   2013 ASSETS       Real estate:       Rental properties:       Land and land improvements $ 2,426,496   $ 1,083,552 Buildings and improvements 8,826,015   4,360,205   11,252,511   5,443,757 Less: accumulated depreciation (1,564,806 )   (1,254,886 )   9,687,705   4,188,871 Real estate under development 434,371   50,430 Co-investments 1,036,411   677,133 Real estate held for sale, net 56,300   —   11,214,787   4,916,434 Cash and cash equivalents-unrestricted 25,281   18,491 Cash and cash equivalents-restricted 70,139   35,275 Marketable securities and other investments 117,240   90,084 Notes and other receivables 24,923   68,255 Prepaid expenses and other assets 33,318   29,268 Acquired in-place lease value 47,747   4,513 Deferred charges, net 29,439   24,519 Total assets $ 11,562,874   $ 5,186,839 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY       Mortgage notes payable $ 2,245,944   $ 1,404,080 Unsecured debt 2,617,482   1,410,023 Lines of credit 246,391   219,421 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 142,135   67,183 Construction payable 30,892   8,047 Dividends payable 88,221   50,627 Other liabilities 32,485   24,871 Total liabilities 5,403,550   3,184,252 Commitments and contingencies   Redeemable noncontrolling interest 23,256   — Cumulative convertible 4.875% Series G preferred stock; $.0001 par value: 5,980,000 issued, and 0 and 178,249 outstanding —   4,349 Equity:       Common stock; $.0001 par value, 656,020,000 shares authorized; 63,682,646 and 37,421,219 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 6   4 Cumulative redeemable 7.125% Series H preferred stock at liquidation value 73,750   73,750 Excess stock; $.0001 par value, 330,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued or outstanding —   — Additional paid-in capital 6,651,165   2,345,763 Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings (650,797 )   (474,426 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (51,452 )   (60,472 ) Total stockholders' equity 6,022,672   1,884,619 Noncontrolling interest 113,396   113,619 Total equity 6,136,068   1,998,238 Total liabilities and equity $ 11,562,874   $ 5,186,839 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F- 4 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012   (Dollars in thousands, except per share and share amounts)   2014   2013   2012 Revenues:           Rental and other property $ 959,958   $ 602,003   $ 526,696 Management and other fees from affiliates 9,347   7,263   8,457   969,305   609,266   535,153 Expenses:           Property operating, excluding real estate taxes 203,040   138,736   123,813 Real estate taxes 107,873   57,276   48,354 Depreciation and amortization 360,592   192,420   169,173 General and administrative 40,878   26,684   24,573 Merger and integration expenses 53,530   4,284   — Acquisition and disposition costs 1,878   1,161   2,215   767,791   420,561   368,128 Earnings from operations 201,514   188,705   167,025 Interest expense (164,551 )   (116,524 )   (111,888 ) Interest and other income 11,811   11,633   13,833 Equity income from co-investments 39,893   55,865   41,745 Loss on early retirement of debt, net (268 )   (300 )   (5,009 ) Gain on sale of real estate and land 46,039   1,503   — Gain on remeasurement of co-investment —   —   21,947 Income before discontinued operations 134,438   140,882   127,653 Income from discontinued operations —   31,173   11,937 Net income 134,438   172,055   139,590 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (12,288 )   (15,772 )   (14,306 ) Net income attributable to controlling interest 122,150   156,283   125,284 Dividends to preferred stockholders (5,291 )   (5,472 )   (5,472 ) Net income available to common stockholders $ 116,859   $ 150,811   $ 119,812 Per share data:           Basic:           Income before discontinued operations available to common stockholders $ 2.07   $ 3.26   $ 3.10 Income from discontinued operations available to common stockholders —   0.79   0.32 Net income available to common stockholders $ 2.07   $ 4.05   $ 3.42 Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year 56,546,959   37,248,960   35,032,491 Diluted:           Income before discontinued operations available to common stockholders $ 2.06   $ 3.25   $ 3.09 Income from discontinued operations available to common stockholders —   0.79   0.32 Net income available to common stockholders $ 2.06   $ 4.04   $ 3.41 Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year 56,696,525   37,335,295   35,124,921 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F- 5 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012   (Dollars in thousands)   2014   2013   2012 Net income $ 134,438   $ 172,055   $ 139,590 Other comprehensive income (loss):           Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges and reclassification to interest expense 4,168   12,614   3,402 Changes in fair value of marketable securities 6,302   (1,556 )   1,411 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities (886 )   (1,767 )   (1,082 ) Total other comprehensive income 9,584   9,291   3,731 Comprehensive income 144,022   181,346   143,321 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest (12,852 )   (16,274 )   (14,527 ) Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interest $ 131,170   $ 165,072   $ 128,794 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F- 6 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Equity Years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012   (Dollars and shares in thousands)   Preferred stock   Common stock   Additional paid-in   Distributions in excess of accumulated   Accumulated other comprehensive(loss) income,   Noncontrolling       Shares   Amount   Shares   Amount   capital   earnings   net   Interest   Total Balances at December 31, 2011 2,950   $ 73,750   33,888   $ 3   $ 1,844,611   $ (408,066 )   $ (72,771 )   $ 116,201   $ 1,553,728 Net income —   —   —   —   —   125,284   —   14,306   139,590 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,018 )   (64 )   (1,082 ) Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges and amortization of settlement swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   3,183   219   3,402 Changes in fair value of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   1,345   66   1,411 Issuance of common stock under:                                   Stock option plans —   —   151   —   4,675   —   —   —   4,675 Sale of common stock —   —   2,404   —   357,720   —   —   —   357,720 Equity based compensation costs —   —   —   —   (430 )   —   —   2,231   1,801 Contributions from noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   4,232   4,232 Redemptions of noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   (1,798 )   —   —   (5,188 )   (6,986 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (16,691 )   (16,691 ) Common and preferred stock dividends declared —   —   —   —   —   (161,684 )   —   —   (161,684 ) Balances at December 31, 2012 2,950   73,750   36,443   3   2,204,778   (444,466 )   (69,261 )   115,312   1,880,116 Net income —   —   —   —   —   156,283   —   15,772   172,055 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,673 )   (94 )   (1,767 ) Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges and amortization of settlement swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   11,934   680   12,614 Changes in fair value of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,472 )   (84 )   (1,556 ) Issuance of common stock under:                                   F- 7 Table of Contents Stock option plans —   $ —   65   —   7,244   —   —   —   7,244 Sale of common stock —   —   913   1   138,365   —   —   —   138,366 Equity-based compensation costs —   —   —   —   (907 )   —   —   2,515   1,608 Redemptions of noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   (3,717 )   —   —   (1,994 )   (5,711 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (18,488 )   (18,488 ) Common and preferred stock dividends declared —   —   —   —   —   (186,243 )   —   —   (186,243 ) Balances at December 31, 2013 2,950   73,750   37,421   4   2,345,763   (474,426 )   (60,472 )   113,619   1,998,238 Net income —   —   —   —   —   122,150   —   12,288   134,438 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (841 )   (45 )   (886 ) Changes in fair value derivatives and amortization of settlement swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   3,721   447   4,168 Changes in fair value of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   6,140   162   6,302 Issuance of common stock under:                                   Stock consideration in the Merger, net         23,067   2   3,774,085           —   3,774,087 Stock option and restricted stock plans —   —   218   —   11,024   —   —   —   11,024 Equity distribution agreements, net —   —   2,943   —   532,670   —   —   —   532,670 Equity-based compensation costs —   —   —   —   5,719   —   —   6,153   11,872 Reclassification of noncontrolling interest to redeemable noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   (19,823 )   —   —   (1,067 )   (20,890 ) Changes in the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   312   —   —   —   312 Conversion of Series G preferred stock —   —   34   —   4,349   —   —   —   4,349 Contributions from noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   1,419,816   1,419,816 Retirement of noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,419,816 )   (1,419,816 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (17,069 )   (17,069 ) F- 8 Table of Contents Redemptions of noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   (2,934 )   —   —   (1,092 )   (4,026 ) Common and preferred stock dividends declared —   —   —   —   —   (298,521 )   —   —   (298,521 ) Balances at December 31, 2014 2,950   $ 73,750   63,683   $ 6   $ 6,651,165   $ (650,797 )   $ (51,452 )   $ 113,396   $ 6,136,068 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F- 9 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012   (Dollars in thousands)    2014   2013   2012 Cash flows from operating activities:           Net income $ 134,438   $ 172,055   $ 139,590 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:           Depreciation and amortization 360,592   193,518   170,686 Earnings from co-investments (33,335 )   (14,613 )   (12,633 ) Company's share of gain on the sales of co-investments (6,558 )   (41,252 )   (29,112 ) Operating distributions from co-investments 49,486   19,636   14,259 Gain on the sales of real estate and land (46,039 )   (30,725 )   (10,870 ) Loss on early retirement of debt, net 268   300   5,009 Gain on sale of marketable securities (886 )   (1,767 )   (819 ) Amortization of (premium) discount and financing costs, net (14,672 )   12,216   11,644 Amortization of discount on notes receivables —   (844 )   (1,832 ) Amortization of discount on marketable securities (9,325 )   (6,556 )   (5,127 ) Non cash merger and integration expenses 9,025   —   — Equity-based compensation 8,740   4,508   4,141 Gain on remeasurement of co-investment —   —   (21,947 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities:           Prepaid expenses, in-place lease value, receivables and other assets 15,828   (1,588 )   (9,488 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 24,233   72   12,360 Other liabilities 1,188   22   1,638 Net cash provided by operating activities 492,983   304,982   267,499 Cash flows from investing activities:           Additions to real estate:           Acquisitions of real estate (387,547 )   (348,774 )   (393,771 ) Redevelopment (81,429 )   (47,289 )   (46,647 ) Acquisition of and additions to real estate under development (152,766 )   (17,757 )   (29,196 ) Capital expenditures on rental properties (78,864 )   (56,919 )   (45,368 ) Proceeds from insurance for property losses 35,547   —   — BRE merger consideration paid (555,826 )   —   — Acquisition of membership interest in co-investment —   —   (85,000 ) Dispositions of real estate 141,189   65,496   27,800 Dispositions of co-investments 13,900   —   — Changes in restricted cash and refundable deposits (36,582 )   (9,149 )   (6,069 ) Purchases of marketable securities (20,516 )   (16,442 )   (73,735 ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities 8,753   24,172   61,703 Purchases of and advances under notes and other receivables —   (56,750 )   (26,000 ) Collections of notes and other receivables 76,585   53,438   14,525 Contributions to co-investments (246,006 )   (162,578 )   (260,153 ) Non-operating distributions from co-investments 136,406   118,856   49,773 Net cash used in investing activities (1,147,156 )   (453,696 )   (812,138 ) Cash flows from financing activities:           F- 10 Table of Contents Borrowings under debt agreements 2,093,406   969,061   1,745,853 Repayment of debt (1,814,020 )   (750,900 )   (1,371,317 ) Additions to deferred charges (17,402 )   (7,402 )   (6,707 ) Equity related issuance cost (1,391 )   (617 )   (309 ) Net proceeds from stock options exercised 11,039   4,958   2,643 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 532,770   138,366   357,720 Contributions from noncontrolling interest —   —   2,400 Distributions to noncontrolling interest (17,465 )   (18,488 )   (16,691 ) Redemption of noncontrolling interest (5,753 )   (5,711 )   (6,986 ) Common and preferred stock dividends paid (260,574 )   (180,668 )   (156,250 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 520,610   148,599   550,356 Cash acquired from the BRE merger 140,353   —   — Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 6,790   (115 )   5,717 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 18,491   18,606   12,889 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 25,281   $ 18,491   $ 18,606             Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:           Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest $ 130,691   $ 103,516   $ 95,597 Interest capitalized $ 22,510   $ 16,486   $ 10,346             Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities (1):           Issuance of Operating Partnership units for contributed properties $ 1,419,816   $ —   $ — Retirement of Operating Partnership units $ (1,419,816 )   $ —   $ — Transfer from real estate under development to rental properties $ 10,203   $ 68   $ 6,632 Transfer from real estate under development to co-investments $ 83,574   $ 27,906   $ — Transfer from co-investments to rental properties $ —   $ —   $ 148,053 Reclassification to redeemable noncontrolling interest from additional paid in capital and noncontrolling interest $ 18,766   $ —   $ — Mortgage notes (excluding BRE merger) assumed in connection with purchases of real estate including the loan premiums recorded $ 72,568   $ —   $ 82,133 Contribution of note receivable to co-investment $ —   $ —   $ 12,325 Change in accrual of dividends $ 37,594   $ 5,575   $ 5,441 Change in construction payable $ 22,845   $ 2,655   $ 1,113 Common stock proceeds receivables $ 1,258   $ —   $ — (1) See note 2(r) for details of noncash investing and financing activities related to the BRE merger. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F- 11 Table of Contents      ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2014  and  2013   (Dollars in thousands, except per unit amounts)   2014   2013 ASSETS       Real estate:       Rental properties:       Land and land improvements $ 2,426,496   $ 1,083,552 Buildings and improvements 8,826,015   4,360,205   11,252,511   5,443,757 Less: accumulated depreciation (1,564,806 )   (1,254,886 )   9,687,705   4,188,871 Real estate under development 434,371   50,430 Co-investments 1,036,411   677,133 Real estate held for sale, net 56,300   —   11,214,787   4,916,434 Cash and cash equivalents-unrestricted 25,281   18,491 Cash and cash equivalents-restricted 70,139   35,275 Marketable securities and other investments 117,240   90,084 Notes and other receivables 24,923   68,255 Prepaid expenses and other assets 33,318   29,268 Acquired in-place lease value 47,747   4,513 Deferred charges, net 29,439   24,519 Total assets $ 11,562,874   $ 5,186,839 LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL       Mortgage notes payable $ 2,245,944   $ 1,404,080 Unsecured debt 2,617,482   1,410,023 Lines of credit 246,391   219,421 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 142,135   67,183 Construction payable 30,892   8,047 Distributions payable 88,221   50,627 Other liabilities 32,485   24,871 Total liabilities 5,403,550   3,184,252 Commitments and contingencies   Redeemable noncontrolling interest 23,256   — Cumulative convertible Series G 4.875% preferred interest (liquidation value of $4,456 at December 31, 2013) —   4,349 Capital:       General Partner:       Common equity (63,682,646 and 37,421,219 units issued and outstanding, respectively) 6,002,915   1,873,882 Series H 7.125% Preferred interest (liquidation value of $73,750) 71,209   71,209   6,074,124   1,945,091 Limited Partners:       Common equity (2,201,810 and 2,149,802 units issued and outstanding, respectively) 48,665   45,957 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (49,356 )   (58,940 ) Total partners' capital 6,073,433   1,932,108 Noncontrolling interest 62,635   66,130 Total capital 6,136,068   1,998,238 Total liabilities and capital $ 11,562,874   $ 5,186,839 F- 12 Table of Contents See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F- 13 Table of Contents ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARES Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012   (Dollars in thousands, except per unit and unit amounts)   2014   2013   2012 Revenues:           Rental and other property $ 959,958   $ 602,003   $ 526,696 Management and other fees from affiliates 9,347   7,263   8,457   969,305   609,266   535,153 Expenses:           Property operating, excluding real estate taxes 203,040   138,736   123,813 Real estate taxes 107,873   57,276   48,354 Depreciation and amortization 360,592   192,420   169,173 General and administrative 40,878   26,684   24,573 Merger and integration expenses 53,530   4,284   — Acquisition and disposition costs 1,878   1,161   2,215   767,791   420,561   368,128 Earnings from operations 201,514   188,705   167,025 Interest expense (164,551 )   (116,524 )   (111,888 ) Interest and other income 11,811   11,633   13,833 Equity income from co-investments 39,893   55,865   41,745 Loss on early retirement of debt, net (268 )   (300 )   (5,009 ) Gain on sale of real estate and land 46,039   1,503   — Gain on remeasurement of co-investment —   —   21,947 Income before discontinued operations 134,438   140,882   127,653 Income from discontinued operations —   31,173   11,937 Net income 134,438   172,055   139,590 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (7,421 )   (6,834 )   (6,347 ) Net income attributable to controlling interest 127,017   165,221   133,243 Preferred interest distributions - Series F, G, & H (5,291 )   (5,472 )   (5,472 ) Net income available to common unitholders $ 121,726   $ 159,749   $ 127,771 Per unit data:           Basic:           Income before discontinued operations available to common unitholders $ 2.07   $ 3.27   $ 3.11 Income from discontinued operations —   0.79   0.32 Net income available to common unitholders $ 2.07   $ 4.06   $ 3.43 Weighted average number of common units outstanding during the year 58,771,666   39,380,385   37,251,537 Diluted:           Income before discontinued operations available to common unitholders $ 2.07   $ 3.26   $ 3.10 Income from discontinued operations —   0.79   0.32 Net income available to common unitholders $ 2.07   $ 4.05   $ 3.42 Weighted average number of common units outstanding during the year 58,921,232   39,466,720   37,343,967 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F- 14 Table of Contents ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012   (Dollars in thousands)   2014   2013   2012 Net income $ 134,438   $ 172,055   $ 139,590 Other comprehensive income (loss):           Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges and reclassification to interest expense 4,168   12,614   3,402 Changes in fair value of marketable securities 6,302   (1,556 )   1,411 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities (886 )   (1,767 )   (1,082 ) Total other comprehensive income 9,584   9,291   3,731 Comprehensive income 144,022   181,346   143,321 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest (7,421 )   (6,834 )   (6,347 ) Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interest $ 136,601   $ 174,512   $ 136,974 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F- 15 Table of Contents ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Capital Years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012   (Dollars and units in thousands)   General Partner   Limited Partners   Accumulated                   Preferred           Preferred   other           Common Equity   Equity   Common Equity   Equity   comprehensive   Noncontrolling       Units   Amount   Amount   Units   Amount   Amount   (loss) income   Interest   Total Balances at December 31, 2011 33,888   $ 1,439,089   $ 71,209   2,229   $ 48,578   $ —   $ (71,962 )   $ 66,814   $ 1,553,728 Net income —   119,812   5,472   —   7,959   —   —   6,347   139,590 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,082 )   —   (1,082 ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedges and amortization of settlement of swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   3,402   —   3,402 Changes in fair value of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   1,411   —   1,411 Issuance of common units under:                                   Stock and unit based compensation plans 151   4,675   —   —   —   —   —   —   4,675 Sale of common stock by the general partner 2,404   357,720   —   —   —   —   —   —   357,720 Stock and unit based compensation costs —   (430 )   —   (107 )   2,231   —   —   —   1,801 Capital Contributions —   —   —   —   —   —   —   4,232   4,232 Redemptions —   (1,798 )   —   —   (3,441 )   —   —   (1,747 )   (6,986 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (6,957 )   (6,957 ) Distributions declared —   (156,212 )   (5,472 )   —   (9,734 )   —   —   —   (171,418 ) Balances at December 31, 2012 36,443   1,762,856   71,209   2,122   45,593   —   (68,231 )   68,689   1,880,116 Net income —   150,811   5,472   —   8,938   —   —   6,834   172,055 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,767 )   —   (1,767 ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedges and amortization of settlement of swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   12,614   —   12,614 Changes in fair value of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (1,556 )   —   (1,556 ) Issuance of common units under:                                   F- 16 Table of Contents Stock and unit based compensation plans 65   7,244   —   —   —   —   —   —   7,244 Sale of common stock by the general partner 913   138,366   —   —   —   —   —   —   138,366 Stock and unit based compensation costs —   (907 )   —   28   2,515   —   —   —   1,608 Redemptions —   (3,717 )   —   —   (617 )   —   —   (1,377 )   (5,711 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (8,016 )   (8,016 ) Distributions declared —   (180,771 )   (5,472 )   —   (10,472 )   —   —   —   (196,715 ) Balances at December 31, 2013 37,421   1,873,882   71,209   2,150   45,957   —   (58,940 )   66,130   1,998,238 Net income —   116,859   5,291   —   4,867   —   —   7,421   134,438 Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   (886 )   —   (886 ) Changes in fair value of derivatives and amortization of settlement swaps —   —   —   —   —   —   4,168   —   4,168 Changes in fair value of marketable securities —   —   —   —   —   —   6,302   —   6,302 Issuance of common units under:                                   Common stock issued as consideration by general partner in merger 23,067   3,774,087   —   —   —   —   —   —   3,774,087 General partner's stock based compensation 218   11,024   —   —   —   —   —   —   11,024 Sale of common stock by the general partner 2,943   532,670   —   —   —   —   —   —   532,670 Equity-based compensation costs —   5,719   —   62   6,153   —   —   —   11,872 Reclassification of noncontrolling interest to redeemable noncontrolling interest —   (19,823 )   —   (10 )   4,017   —   —   (5,084 )   (20,890 ) Changes in the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest —   312   —   —   —   —   —   —   312 Conversion of Series G preferred stock 34   4,349   —   —   —   —   —   —   4,349 Contributions from noncontrolling interest —   —   —   8,561   1,419,816   —   —   —   1,419,816 Retirement of noncontrolling interest —   —   —   (8,561 )   (1,419,816 )   —   —   —   (1,419,816 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (4,890 )   (4,890 ) F- 17 Table of Contents Redemptions —   (3,374 )   —   —   (1,181 )   —   —   (942 )   (5,497 ) Distributions declared —   (292,790 )   (5,291 )   —   (11,148 )   —   —   —   (309,229 ) Balances at December 31, 2014 63,683   $ 6,002,915   $ 71,209   2,202   $ 48,665   $ —   $ (49,356 )   $ 62,635   $ 6,136,068 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F- 18 Table of Contents ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012   (Dollars in thousands)   2014   2013   2012 Cash flows from operating activities:           Net income $ 134,438   $ 172,055   $ 139,590 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:           Depreciation and amortization 360,592   193,518   170,686 Earnings from co-investments (33,335 )   (14,613 )   (12,633 ) Operating Partnership's share of gain on the sales of co-investments (6,558 )   (41,252 )   (29,112 ) Operating distributions from co-investments 49,486   19,636   14,259 Gain on the sales of real estate and land (46,039 )   (30,725 )   (10,870 ) Loss on early retirement of debt, net 268   300   5,009 Gain on sale of marketable securities (886 )   (1,767 )   (819 ) Amortization of (premium) discount and financing costs, net (14,672 )   12,216   11,644 Amortization of discount on notes receivables —   (844 )   (1,832 ) Amortization of discount on marketable securities (9,325 )   (6,556 )   (5,127 ) Non cash merger and integration expenses 9,025   —   — Equity-based compensation 8,740   4,508   4,141 Gain on remeasurement of co-investment —   —   (21,947 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities:           Prepaid expenses, in-place lease value, receivables and other assets 15,828   (1,588 )   (9,488 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 24,233   72   12,360 Other liabilities 1,188   22   1,638 Net cash provided by operating activities 492,983   304,982   267,499 Cash flows from investing activities:           Additions to real estate:           Acquisitions of real estate (387,547 )   (348,774 )   (393,771 ) Redevelopment (81,429 )   (47,289 )   (46,647 ) Acquisition of and additions to real estate under development (152,766 )   (17,757 )   (29,196 ) Capital expenditures on rental properties (78,864 )   (56,919 )   (45,368 ) Proceeds from insurance for property losses 35,547   —   — BRE merger consideration paid (555,826 )   —   — Acquisition of membership interest in co-investment —   —   (85,000 ) Dispositions of real estate 141,189   65,496   27,800 Dispositions of co-investments 13,900   —   — Changes in restricted cash and refundable deposits (36,582 )   (9,149 )   (6,069 ) Purchases of marketable securities (20,516 )   (16,442 )   (73,735 ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities 8,753   24,172   61,703 Purchases of and advances under notes and other receivables —   (56,750 )   (26,000 ) Collections of notes and other receivables 76,585   53,438   14,525 Contributions to co-investments (246,006 )   (162,578 )   (260,153 ) Non-operating distributions from co-investments 136,406   118,856   49,773 Net cash used in investing activities (1,147,156 )   (453,696 )   (812,138 ) Cash flows from financing activities:           F- 19 Table of Contents Borrowings under debt agreements 2,093,406   969,061   1,745,853 Repayment of debt (1,814,020 )   (750,900 )   (1,371,317 ) Additions to deferred charges (17,402 )   (7,402 )   (6,707 ) Equity related issuance cost (1,391 )   (617 )   (309 ) Net proceeds from stock options exercised 11,039   4,958   2,643 Net proceeds from issuance of common units 532,770   138,366   357,720 Contributions from noncontrolling interest —   —   2,400 Distributions to noncontrolling interest (4,841 )   (8,016 )   (6,957 ) Redemption of limited partners units and noncontrolling interests (802 )   (5,711 )   (6,986 ) Common units and preferred units and preferred interests distributions paid (278,149 )   (191,140 )   (165,984 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 520,610   148,599   550,356 Cash acquired from the BRE merger 140,353   —   — Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 6,790   (115 )   5,717 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 18,491   18,606   12,889 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 25,281   $ 18,491   $ 18,606             Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:           Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest $ 130,691   $ 103,516   $ 95,597 Interest capitalized $ 22,510   $ 16,486   $ 10,346             Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities (1):           Issuance of Operating Partnership units for contributed properties $ 1,419,816   $ —   $ — Retirement of Operating Partnership units $ (1,419,816 )   $ —   $ — Transfer from real estate under development to rental properties $ 10,203   $ 68   $ 6,632 Transfer from real estate under development to co-investments $ 83,574   $ 27,906   $ — Transfer from co-investments to rental properties $ —   $ —   $ 148,053 Reclassification to redeemable noncontrolling interest from additional paid in capital and noncontrolling interest $ 18,766   $ —   $ — Mortgage notes (excluding BRE merger) assumed in connection with purchases of real estate including the loan premiums recorded $ 72,568   $ —   $ 82,133 Contribution of note receivable to co-investment $ —   $ —   $ 12,325 Change in accrual of dividends $ 37,594   $ 5,575   $ 5,441 Change in construction payable $ 22,845   $ 2,655   $ 1,113 Common stock proceeds receivables $ 1,258   $ —   $ — (1) See note 2(r) for details of noncash investing and financing activities related to the BRE merger. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F- 20 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012   (1) Organization   The accompanying consolidated financial statements present the accounts of Essex Property Trust, Inc. (“Essex”, “ESS”, or the “Company”), which include the accounts of the Company and Essex Portfolio, L.P. and subsidiaries (the “Operating Partnership,” which holds the operating assets of the Company).  Unless otherwise indicated, the notes to consolidated financial statements apply to both the Company and the Operating Partnership. ESS is the sole general partner in the Operating Partnership with a  96.7%  general partner interest and the limited partners owned a  3.3%  interest as of  December 31, 2014 .  The limited partners may convert their Operating Partnership units into an equivalent number of shares of common stock.  Total Operating Partnership limited partnership units outstanding were  2,201,810  and  2,149,802  as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively, and the redemption value of the units, based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock totaled approximately  $455 million  and  $309 million , as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively.  The Company has reserved shares of common stock for such conversions. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company owned or had ownership interests in  239  apartment communities, (aggregating  57,455  units),  four  commercial buildings, and  twelve  active development projects (collectively, the “Portfolio”).  The communities are located in Southern California (Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, Santa Barbara, San Diego, and Ventura counties), Northern California (the San Francisco Bay Area) and the Seattle and Phoenix metropolitan areas. On April 1, 2014, Essex completed the merger with BRE Properties, Inc. (“BRE”).  In connection with the closing of the merger, (1) BRE merged into a wholly owned subsidiary of Essex, and (2) each outstanding share of BRE common stock was converted into (i)  0.2971  shares (the “Stock Consideration”) of Essex common stock, and (ii) $ 7.18  in cash, (the “Cash Consideration”), plus cash in lieu of fractional shares for total consideration of approximately  $4.3 billion .  The Cash Consideration was adjusted as a result of the authorization and declaration of a special distribution to the stockholders of BRE of  $5.15  per share of BRE common stock payable to BRE stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, 2014 (the “Special Dividend”).  The Special Dividend was payable as a result of the closing of the sale of certain interests in assets of BRE to certain parties, which closed on March 31, 2014.  Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the amounts payable as a Special Dividend reduced the Cash Consideration of  $12.33  payable by Essex in the merger to  $7.18  per share of BRE common stock. Essex issued approximately  23.1 million  shares of Essex common stock as Stock Consideration in the merger.  For purchase accounting, the value of the common stock issued by Essex upon the consummation of the merger was determined based on the closing price of BRE’s common stock on the closing date of the merger. As a result of Essex being admitted to the S&P 500 on the same date as the closing of the merger, Essex’s common stock price experienced significantly higher than usual trading volume and the closing price of  $174  per share was significantly higher than its volume-weighted average trading price for the days before and after April 1, 2014.  BRE’s common stock did not experience the same proportionate increase in common stock price leading up to April 1, 2014.  As a result, given that a substantial component of the purchase price is an exchange of equity instruments, Essex used the closing price of BRE’s common stock on April 1, 2014 of  $61  per share, less the Cash Consideration, as the fair value of the equity consideration.  After deducting the Special Dividend and the Cash Consideration per share, this resulted in a value of  $48.67  per share of BRE common stock which is the equivalent of approximately  $164  per share of Essex common stock issued. (2) Summary of Critical and Significant Accounting Policies (a) Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation The accounts of the Company, its controlled subsidiaries and the variable interest entities (“VIEs”) in which it is the primary beneficiary are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current year’s presentation. Such reclassifications had no net effect on previously reported financial results. F- 21 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 Noncontrolling interest includes the  3.3%  and  5.4%  limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership not held by the Company at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively. These percentages include the Operating Partnership’s vested long term incentive plan units (see Note 13). The Company consolidates  17  DownREIT limited partnerships (comprising  ten  communities), since the Company is the primary beneficiary of these variable interest entities (“VIEs”).  The consolidated total assets and liabilities related to these VIEs, net of intercompany eliminations, were approximately  $200.0 million  and  $196.6 million , respectively, as of  December 31, 2014 , and  $194.9 million  and  $178.3 million , respectively, as of  December 31, 2013 . The DownREIT VIEs collectively own ten apartment communities in which Essex Management Company (“EMC”) is the general partner, the Operating Partnership is a special limited partner, and the other limited partners were granted rights of redemption for their interests.  Such limited partners can request to be redeemed and the Company can elect to redeem their rights for cash or by issuing shares of its common stock on a  one share per unit basis .  Conversion values will be based on the market value of the Company's common stock at the time of redemption multiplied by the number of units stipulated under the above arrangements.  The other limited partners receive distributions based on the Company's current dividend rate times the number of units held.  Total DownREIT units outstanding were  941,138  and  1,007,879  as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  respectively, and the redemption value of the units, based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock totaled approximately  $194 million  and  $145 million , as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively.  As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the carrying value of the other limited partners' interests is presented at their historical cost and is classified within noncontrolling interest in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.   Interest holders in VIEs consolidated by the Company are allocated a priority of net income equal to the cash payments made to those interest holders or distributions from cash flow.  The remaining results of operations are generally allocated to the Company. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company did not have any VIEs of which it was not deemed to be the primary beneficiary. (b) Recent Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU No. 2014-09 is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model requiring a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount reflecting the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU No. 2014-09 may be applied using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach and is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this amendment on our financial position and results of operations.  In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU, No. 2014-018, Presentation of Financial Statements, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-018 changes the requirements for reporting discontinued operation under Subtopic 205-20, Presentation of Financial Statements—Discontinued Operations. The amendment updates the definition of discontinued operations and defines discontinued operations to be those disposals of components of an entity that represent a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results. This ASU is effective for disposals of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014 with early adoption permitted, but only for disposals that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued.  The Company adopted ASU 2014-018 in the first quarter of 2014.  The Company determined that the disposals through the year ended  December 31, 2014  were not a discontinued operation in accordance with ASU 2014-018. The gains related to these disposals are recorded in gains on sale of real estate and land in the consolidated statements of income.   (c) Real Estate Rental Properties Significant expenditures, which improve or extend the life of an asset and have a useful life of greater than  one  year, are capitalized.  Operating real estate assets are stated at cost and consist of land, buildings and improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, and other costs incurred during their development, redevelopment and acquisition.  Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. F- 22 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The depreciable life of various categories of fixed assets is as follows: Computer software and equipment 3 - 5 years Interior unit improvements 5 years Furniture, fixtures and equipment 5 years Land improvements and certain exterior components of real property 10 years Real estate structures 30 years   The Company capitalizes all costs incurred with the predevelopment, development or redevelopment of real estate assets or are associated with the construction or expansion of real property.  Such capitalized costs include land, land improvements, allocated costs of the Company’s project management staff, construction costs, as well as interest and related loan fees, property taxes and insurance.  Capitalization begins for predevelopment, development, and redevelopment projects when activity commences.  Capitalization ends when the apartment home is completed and the property is available for a new resident or if the development activities cease. The Company allocates the purchase price of real estate to land and building including personal property, and identifiable intangible assets, such as the value of above, below and in-place leases. The values of the above and below market leases are amortized and recorded as either a decrease (in the case of above market leases) or an increase (in the case of below market leases) to rental revenue over the remaining term of the associated leases acquired, which in the case of below market leases the Company assumes lessees will elect to renew their leases.  The value of acquired in-place leases are amortized to expense over the term the Company expects to retain the acquired tenant, which is generally  20  months. The net carrying value of acquired in-place leases as of  December 31, 2014  of  $47.7 million  is expected to be recognized in amortization expense primarily in 2015.  The Company performs the following evaluation for communities acquired:   (1) adjust the purchase price for any fair value adjustments resulting from such things as assumed debt or contingencies; (2) estimate the value of the real estate “as if vacant” as of the acquisition date; (3) allocate that value among land and buildings including personal property; (4) compute the value of the difference between the “as if vacant” value and the adjusted purchase price, which will represent the total intangible assets; (5) compute the value of the above and below market leases and determine the associated life of the above market/ below market leases; (6) compute the value of the in-place leases and customer relationships, if any, and the associated lives of these assets. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property held for investment or held for sale may not be fully recoverable, the carrying amount will be evaluated for impairment. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount (including intangible assets) of a property held for investment, then the Company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the property.  Fair value of a property is determined using conventional real estate valuation methods, such as discounted cash flow, the property’s unleveraged yield in comparison to the unleveraged yields and sales prices of similar communities that have been recently sold, and other third party information, if available.  Communities held for sale are carried at the lower of cost and fair value less estimated costs to sell.  As of  December 31, 2014 , one community was classified as held for sale.   As of  December 31, 2013  no community was classified as held for sale and no impairment charges were recorded in  2014 ,  2013  or  2012 . In the normal course of business, the Company will receive purchase offers for its communities, either solicited or unsolicited. For those offers that are accepted, the prospective buyer will usually require a due diligence period before consummation of the transaction.  It is not unusual for matters to arise that result in the withdrawal or rejection of the offer during this process.  The Company classifies real estate as "held for sale" when all criteria under the accounting standard for the disposals of long-lived assets have been met. In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU, No. 2014-018, Presentation of Financial Statements, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-018 changes the requirements for reporting discontinued  F- 23 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 operation under Subtopic 205-20, Presentation of Financial Statements—Discontinued Operations. The amendment updates the definition of discontinued operations and defines discontinued operations to be those disposals of components of an entity that represent a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results. This ASU is effective for disposals of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014 with early adoption permitted, but only for disposals that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued.  The Company adopted ASU 2014-018 in its first quarter of 2014.  The Company determined that the disposals through the year ended  December 31, 2014  were not a discontinued operation in accordance with ASU 2014-018. The gains related to these disposals are recorded in gains on sale of real estate and land in the consolidated statements of income. The Company’s equity in income or loss from real estate investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting remain classified in continuing operations upon disposition.  (See Note 6 for a description of the Company’s discontinued operations for  2013  and  2012 ). (d) Co-investments The Company owns investments in joint ventures (“co-investments”) in which it has significant influence, but its ownership interest does not meet the criteria for consolidation in accordance with the accounting standards.  Therefore, the Company accounts for these investments using the equity method of accounting.  Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is carried at the cost of assets contributed, plus the Company’s equity in earnings less distributions received and the Company’s share of losses. A majority of the co-investments, excluding the preferred equity investments, compensate the Company for its asset management services and some of these investments may provide promote distributions if certain financial return benchmarks are achieved.  Asset management fees are recognized when earned, and promote fees are recognized when the earnings events have occurred and the amount is determinable and collectible.  Any promote fees are reflected in equity income (loss) from co-investments. (e) Revenues and Gains on Sale of Real Estate Revenues from tenants renting or leasing apartment units are recorded when due from tenants and are recognized monthly as they are earned, which is not materially different than on a straight-line basis.  Units are rented under short-term leases (generally, lease terms of  6  to  12  months) and may provide no rent for  one  or  two  months, depending on the market conditions and leasing practices of the Company’s competitors in each sub-market at the time the leases are executed.   Revenues from tenants leasing commercial space are recorded on a straight-line basis over the life of the respective lease. The Company recognizes gains on sales of real estate when a contract is in place, a closing has taken place, the buyer’s initial and continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the property and the Company does not have a substantial continuing involvement in the property. (f) Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Highly liquid investments with original maturities of  three  months or less when purchased are classified as cash equivalents.  Restricted cash balances relate primarily to reserve requirements for capital replacement at certain communities in connection with the Company’s mortgage debt. (g)  Marketable Securities and Other Investments The Company reports its available for sale securities at fair value, based on quoted market prices (Level 1 for the common stock and investment funds, Level 2 for the unsecured bonds and Level 3 for the limited partnership interests, as defined by the FASB standard for fair value measurements as discussed later in Note 2), and any unrealized gain or loss is recorded as other comprehensive income (loss).  There were no other than temporary impairment charges for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 .  Realized gains and losses, interest income, and amortization of purchase discounts are included in interest and other income on the consolidated statement of income. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , marketable securities and other investments consisted primarily of investment-grade unsecured bonds, common stock, investments in mortgage backed securities, investment funds that invest in U.S. treasury or  F- 24 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 agency securities, and other limited partnership investments.  As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company classified its investments in mortgage backed securities, which mature in  November 2019  and  September 2020 , as held to maturity, and accordingly, these securities are stated at their amortized cost.  The discount on the mortgage backed securities is being amortized to interest income based on an estimated yield and the maturity date of the securities. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  marketable securities consist of the following ($ in thousands):   December 31, 2014   Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gain   Carrying Value Available for sale:           Investment-grade unsecured bonds $ 9,435   $ 145   $ 9,580 Investment funds - US treasuries 3,769   3   3,772 Common stock and stock funds 25,755   5,137   30,892 Held to maturity:           Mortgage backed securities 67,996   —   67,996 Total - Marketable securities 106,955   5,285   112,240 Other investments (1) 5,000   —   5,000 Total - Marketable securities and other investments $ 111,955   $ 5,285   $ 117,240 (1) Limited partnership interests   December 31, 2013   Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gain (Loss)   Carrying Value Available for sale:           Investment-grade unsecured bonds $ 15,446   $ 509   $ 15,955 Investment funds - US treasuries 3,675   3   3,678 Common stock 13,104   (1,304 )   11,800 Held to maturity:           Mortgage backed securities 58,651   —   58,651 Total - Marketable securities and other investments $ 90,876   $ (792 )   $ 90,084 The Company uses the specific identification method to determine the cost basis of a security sold and to reclassify amounts from accumulated other comprehensive income for securities sold.  For the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , the proceeds from sales of available for sale securities totaled  $8.8 million ,  $24.2 million  and  $61.7 million , respectively.  These sales all resulted in gains, which totaled  $0.9 million ,  $1.8 million  and  $0.8 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively. (h) Notes Receivable   Notes receivable relate to real estate financing arrangements including mezzanine and bridge loans and are secured by real estate.  Interest is recognized over the life of the note.   Each note is analyzed to determine if it is impaired.  A note is impaired if it is probable that the Company will not collect all contractually due principal and interest.  The Company does not accrue interest when a note is considered impaired and an allowance is recorded for any principal and previously accrued interest that are not believed to be collectable. All cash receipts on impaired notes are applied to reduce the principal amount of such notes until the principal has been recovered and, thereafter, are recognized as interest income. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , no notes were impaired. F- 25 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 (i) Capitalization Policy The Company capitalizes all direct and certain indirect costs, including interest, real estate taxes and insurance, incurred during development and redevelopment activities. Interest is capitalized on real estate assets that require a period of time to get them ready for their intended use.  The amount of interest capitalized is based upon the average amount of accumulated development expenditures during the reporting period.  Included in capitalized costs are management’s estimates of the direct and incremental personnel costs and indirect project costs associated with the Company's development and redevelopment activities.  Indirect project costs consist primarily of personnel costs associated with construction administration and development, including accounting, legal fees, and various corporate and community onsite costs that clearly relate to projects under development.  The Company’s capitalized internal costs related to development and redevelopment projects were comprised primarily of employee compensation and totaled  $10.4 million ,  $7.5 million  and  $6.2 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively,  most of which relates to development projects.  The Company capitalizes leasing costs associated with the lease-up of development communities and amortizes the costs over the life of the leases. The amounts capitalized are immaterial for all periods presented. (j) Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company values its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy of valuation techniques described in the FASB’s accounting standard for fair value measurements.  Level 1 inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.  Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and inputs other than quoted prices observable for the asset or liability.   Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.  The Company uses Level 1 inputs for the fair values of its cash equivalents and its marketable securities except for unsecured bonds and mortgage backed securities.  The Company uses Level 2 inputs for its investments in unsecured bonds, notes receivable, notes payable, and derivative liabilities.  These inputs include interest rates for similar financial instruments.  The Company’s valuation methodology for derivatives is described in Note 9.  The Company uses Level 3 inputs to estimate the fair value of its mortgage backed securities.  The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. Management believes that the carrying amounts of the outstanding balances under its notes and other receivables approximate fair value as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , because interest rates, yields and other terms for these instruments are consistent with yields and other terms currently available for similar instruments.  Management has estimated that the fair value of the Company’s  $4.4 billion  and  $2.3 billion  of fixed rate debt at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively, to be  $4.6 billion  and  $2.3 billion .  Management has estimated the fair value of the Company’s  $660.6 million  and  $737.0 million  of variable rate debt at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively, is  $656.3 million  and  $719.4 million  based on the terms of the Company’s existing variable rate debt compared to those available in the marketplace.  Management believes that the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, construction payable, other liabilities and dividends payable approximate fair value as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.  Marketable securities and derivative liabilities are carried at fair value as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 . At  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company’s investments in mortgage backed securities had a carrying value of  $68.0 million  and  $58.7 million . The Company estimated the fair value of investment in mortgage backed securities at  December 31, 2014  and  2013  to be approximately  $96.0 million  and  $86.2 million , respectively. The Company determines the fair value of the mortgage backed securities based on unobservable inputs (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy) considering the assumptions that market participants would make in valuing these securities.  Assumptions such as estimated default rates and discount rates are used to determine expected, discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value. (k) Interest Rate Protection, Swap, and Forward Contracts The Company uses interest rate swaps, interest rate cap contracts, and forward starting swaps to manage interest rate risks.  The Company’s objective in using derivatives is to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements or other identified risks.  To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily used interest rate swaps and interest rate forward-starting swaps as part of its cash flow hedging strategy.  The Company was hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for a portion of its forecasted transactions.   F- 26 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , there were no outstanding forward starting swaps.  The Company records all derivatives on its consolidated balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation.   Derivatives used to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges.  Derivatives used to hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. For derivatives designated as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative and the hedged item related to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings.  For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is initially reported in other comprehensive income (outside of earnings) and subsequently reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings, and the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized directly in earnings.  The Company assesses the initial and ongoing effectiveness of each hedging relationship by comparing the changes in fair value or cash flows of the derivative hedging instrument with the changes in fair value or cash flows of the designated hedged item or transaction. For derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.  All of the Company’s interest rate swaps and interest rate caps are considered cash flow hedges except for the swap related to the multifamily revenue refunding bonds for the 101 San Fernando community that was terminated in 2012 as described in detail in Note 9.  The Company did not have any fair value hedges during the years end  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . (l) Deferred Charges Deferred charges are principally comprised of loan fees and related costs which are amortized over the terms of the related borrowing in a manner which approximates the effective interest method. (m) Income Taxes Generally in any year in which ESS qualifies as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) under the Internal Revenue Code (the “IRC”), it is not subject to federal income tax on that portion of its income that it distributes to stockholders. No provision for federal income taxes, other than the taxable REIT subsidiaries discussed below, has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2014  as ESS has elected to be and believes it qualifies under the IRC as a REIT and has made distributions during the periods in amounts to preclude ESS from paying federal income tax. In order to maintain compliance with REIT tax rules, the Company utilizes taxable REIT subsidiaries   for various revenue generating or investment activities. The taxable REIT subsidiaries are consolidated by the Company. The activities and tax related provisions, assets and liabilities are not material. As a partnership, the Operating Partnership is not subject to federal or state income taxes except that in order to maintain ESS’s compliance with REIT tax rules that are applicable to ESS, the Operating Partnership utilizes taxable REIT subsidiaries   for various revenue generating or investment activities. The taxable REIT subsidiaries are consolidated by the Operating Partnership. The status of cash dividends distributed for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  related to common stock, Series F, Series G, and Series H preferred stock are classified for tax purposes as follows:     2014   2013   2012 Common Stock           Ordinary income 70.03 %   77.34 %   70.58 % Capital gain 21.95 %   17.64 %   8.75 % Unrecaptured section 1250 capital gain 8.02 %   5.02 %   7.97 % Return of capital — %   — %   12.70 %   100.00 %   100.00 %   100.00 % F- 27 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012   2014   2013   2012 Series F, G, and H Preferred stock           Ordinary income 70.03 %   77.34 %   80.85 % Capital gains 21.95 %   17.64 %   10.02 % Unrecaptured section 1250 capital gain 8.02 %   5.02 %   9.13 %   100.00 %   100.00 %   100.00 % (n) Preferred Stock The Company’s Series G Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series G Preferred Stock”) contains fundamental change provisions that allow the holder to redeem the preferred stock for cash if certain events occur.  The redemption under these provisions is not solely within the Company’s control, thus the Company has classified the Series G Preferred Stock as temporary equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of  December 31, 2013 . During the second quarter of 2014, all of the shares of Series G Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. (o) Equity-based Compensation The cost of share and unit based compensation awards is measured at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the awards.  The estimated fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted by the Company are being amortized over the vesting period.  The estimated grant date fair values of the long term incentive plan units (discussed in Note 13) are being amortized over the expected service periods. (p) Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss by Component Essex Property Trust, Inc.   Change in fair value and amortization of derivatives   Unrealized gains/(losses) on available for sale securities   Total Balance at December 31, 2013,  net of noncontrolling interest $ (59,724 )   $ (748 )   $ (60,472 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification 758   6,140   6,898 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 2,963   (841 )   2,122 Net other comprehensive income 3,721   5,299   9,020 Balance at December 31, 2014, net of noncontrolling interest $ (56,003 )   $ 4,551   $ (51,452 ) Essex Portfolio, L.P.   Change in fair value and amortization of derivatives   Unrealized gains/(losses) on available for sale securities   Total Balance at December 31, 2013 $ (58,148 )   $ (792 )   $ (58,940 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification 1,205   6,302   7,507 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 2,963   (886 )   2,077 Net other comprehensive income 4,168   5,416   9,584 Balance at December 31, 2014 $ (53,980 )   $ 4,624   $ (49,356 ) F- 28 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss in connection with derivatives are recorded to interest expense on the consolidated statement of income.  Realized gains and losses on available for sale securities are included in interest and other income on the consolidated statement of income. (q) Accounting Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to acquiring, developing and assessing the carrying values of its real estate portfolio, its investments in and advances to joint ventures and affiliates, its notes receivable and its qualification as a REIT.  The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, current market conditions, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may vary from those estimates and those estimates could be different under different assumptions or conditions. (r) BRE Merger The merger with BRE was a two-step process. First,  14  of the BRE properties were acquired on March 31, 2014 in exchange for  $1.4 billion  of OP units.  The preliminary fair value of these properties was substantially all attributable to rental properties which included land, buildings and improvements, and real estate under development and approximately  $19 million  was attributable to acquired in-place lease value.  Second, the BRE merger closed on April 1, 2014 in exchange for the total consideration of approximately  $4.3 billion . The preliminary fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired on April 1, 2014 (including the 14 properties acquired on March 31, 2014 as the OP units issued were retired on April 1, 2014) recorded were based upon a preliminary valuation and the estimates and assumptions used in such valuation are subject to change, which could be significant, within the measurement period.  The measurement period is the period after the acquisition date during which the acquirer may adjust the provisional amounts recognized for a business combination.  The measurement period provides the acquirer with a reasonable time to obtain the information necessary to identify and measure the assets and liabilities acquired in the business combination, not to exceed one year from the acquisition date.  The preliminary valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the BRE merger is as follows (in millions): Cash assumed $ 140 Rental properties and real estate under development 5,618 Real estate held for sale, net 108 Co-investments 218 Acquired in-place lease value 77 Other assets 16 Mortgage notes payable and unsecured debt (1,747 ) Other liabilities (94 ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest (5 )   $ 4,331     Cash consideration for BRE merger $ 556 Equity consideration for BRE merger 3,775 Total consideration for BRE merger $ 4,331 During the measurement period related to the BRE merger, the Company recorded an adjustment to increase the preliminary fair value of personal property by  $100.9 million  with an estimated useful life of  5  years with an offsetting decrease in real property with an estimated useful life of  30  years, all of which are classified within rental properties and real estate under development. The changes in estimates were the result of additional accounting information identified by management. The  F- 29 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 Company believes that the information gathered to date provides a reasonable basis for estimating the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, but the Company is waiting for additional information necessary to finalize the fair values related to insurance recoveries and legal contingencies. Thus, the provisional measurements of fair value set forth above are subject to change further. The Company expects to complete the purchase accounting process as soon as practicable but no later than  one  year from the acquisition date. The unaudited pro forma financial information set forth below is based on Essex’s historical consolidated statement of income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, adjusted to give effect to the merger with BRE including the  14  BRE properties acquired on March 31, 2014, as if they occurred on January 1, 2013.  The pro forma adjustments primarily relate to merger expenses, depreciation expense on acquired buildings and improvements, amortization of acquired intangibles, and estimated interest expense related to assumed debt. Essex Property Trust, Inc.   Pro forma (unaudited)  year ended December 31 (in thousands, except per share data)   2014   2013 Total Revenue $ 1,055,460   $ 944,410 Net income available to common stockholders (1) (2) $ 263,440   $ 141,504 Earnings per share, diluted (1) $ 4.08   $ 2.26 Essex Portfolio, L.P.   Pro forma (unaudited)  year ended December 31 (in thousands, except per unit data)   2014   2013 Total Revenue $ 1,055,460   $ 944,410 Net income available to common unitholders (1) (2) $ 263,585   $ 141,175 Earnings per unit, diluted (1) $ 4.08   $ 2.26 (1) 2014 supplemental pro forma net income available to common stockholders was adjusted to exclude  $53.5 million  of merger and integration related costs incurred by Essex during the year ended December 31, 2014. 2013 supplemental pro forma net income available to common stockholders was adjusted to include these charges. 2014 and 2013 supplemental pro forma earnings per share, diluted, were adjusted by approximately  23.1 million  shares due to the common stock issued in connection with the merger. (2) The supplemental pro forma net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2014 include approximately  $105 million  from discontinued operations related to the sale of  three  BRE properties during the quarter ended March 31, 2014 that are non-recurring transactions. Revenues of approximately  $283.3 million  and net loss of approximately  $17.2 million  associated with properties acquired in 2014 in the BRE merger are included in the consolidated statements of income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 for both Essex and the Operating Partnership. (3) Real Estate Investments (a)  Acquisitions of Real Estate For the year ended December 31, 2014, in addition to the BRE merger, the Company purchased  six  communities consisting of  1,480  units for  $460.7 million . F- 30 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company purchased  six  communities consisting of  1,079  units for  $349.1 million . (b) Sales of Real Estate Investments During 2014, the Company sold  four  communities consisting of  594  units for  $120.4 million  resulting in gains totaling  $43.6 million . During 2013, the Company sold  three  communities consisting of  363  units for  $57.5 million  resulting in gains totaling  $29.2 million . During the first quarter of 2013, the Company sold a land parcel held for future development located in Palo Alto, California for  $9.1 million , which resulted in a gain of  $1.5 million . During 2012, the Company sold  two  communities consisting of  264  units for  $28.3 million  resulting in gains totaling  $10.9 million . (c) Co-investments The Company has joint venture investments in co-investments which are accounted for under the equity method.  The co-investments’ accounting policies are similar to the Company’s accounting policies.  The joint ventures own, operate, and develop apartment communities. The Company also has preferred equity investments included in co-investments which are accounted for under the equity method. Palm Valley Apartments On October 31, 2014, the Company acquired a  50%  interest in Palm Valley Apartments ("Palm Valley") located in San Jose, California for  $180 million . The property is encumbered by a  $220 million  mortgage loan, bearing interest at  5.6%  per annum and maturing in February 2017, of which Essex’s pro-rata share is approximately  $110 million . As of December 31, 2014, Palm Valley Apartments had an aggregate undepreciated carrying value of approximately  $370.8 million .  Wesco I and Wesco III Wesco I and III are 50/ 50  programmatic joint ventures with an institutional partner. Under the terms of Wesco I's and III’s operating agreements, Essex is entitled to asset management, property management, development and redevelopment service fees. Essex is entitled to its  50%  pro rata share of the income or loss generated by these entities and upon the achievement of certain performance measures, is entitled to promote income. The Company has contributed  $270 million  to Wesco I and III. As of December 31, 2014, Wesco I owned  nine  apartment communities with  2,713  units with an aggregate undepreciated carrying value of approximately  $682.4 million  and Wesco III owned  six  apartment communities with  993  units with an aggregate undepreciated carrying value of approximately  $230.7 million . Wesco IV and BEXAEW  On April 1, 2014, in connection with the merger, the Company acquired a  50%  interest in Wesco IV and a  50%  interest in BEXAEW LLC (“BEXAEW”). Wesco IV and BEXAEW’s remaining  50%  interest is owned by institutional partners. Wesco IV and BEXAEW expect to utilize debt targeted at approximately  50%  and  60% , respectively, of the cost to acquire and improve real estate. Under the terms of Wesco IV’s and BEXAEW’s operating agreements, Essex is entitled to asset management, property management, development and redevelopment service fees. Essex is entitled to its  50%  pro rata share of the income or loss generated by these entities and, upon the achievement of certain performance measures, is entitled to promote income. As of  December 31, 2014 , Wesco IV owned  five  apartment communities with  1,116  units with an aggregate undepreciated carrying value of approximately  $297.9 million . As of  December 31, 2014 , BEXAEW owned  nine  apartment communities with  2,723  units with an aggregate undepreciated carrying value of approximately  $519.2 million . Essex Apartment Value Fund II, L.P. F- 31 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The Company contributed  $75.0 million  to Essex Apartment Value Fund II, L.P. (“Fund II”), which represents a  28.2%  interest as general partner and limited partner. As of  December 31, 2014 , Fund II was in liquidation. During the year ended December 31, 2014, Fund II sold the  two  remaining communities for gross proceeds of  $47.3 million  and the Company recognized promote income of  $9.5 million .   In connection with the 2014 sales, Fund II incurred a prepayment penalty on debt of which the Company’s pro rata share was  $0.2 million . The total gain on the sales was  $23.3 million , of which the Company’s pro rata share was  $6.6 million , net of internal disposition costs. During the year ended December 31, 2013, Fund II sold  five  communities for gross proceeds of  $320.4 million .  In connection with the 2013 sales, Fund II incurred a prepayment penalty on debt of which the Company’s pro rata share was  $0.4 million . The total gain on the sales was  $146.8 million , of which the Company’s pro rata share was  $38.8 million , net of internal disposition costs. During the year ended December 31, 2012, Fund II sold  seven  communities for gross proceeds of  $413.0 million .  In connection with the 2012 sales, Fund II incurred a prepayment penalty on debt of which the Company’s pro rata share was  $2.3 million .  The total gain on the sales was  $106.0 million , of which the Company’s pro rata share was  $29.1 million . Expo In December 2010, the Company entered into a  275  unit development joint venture in Seattle, Washington with a partner who contributed a land parcel during the first quarter of 2011 in return for a  50%  interest in the venture and the Company contributed cash equal to the value of the land in return for a  50%  interest in the joint venture. As of December 31, 2014 the aggregate undepreciated carrying value was approximately  $65.3 million .  Canada Pension Plan Investment Board – Joint Venture Developments The Company has entered into  seven  development joint ventures with the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (“CPPIB”) to develop  seven  apartment communities.  For each joint venture the Company holds a  50%  to  55%  non-controlling interest in the venture and will earn customary management fees and may earn development, asset property management fees and may also earn a promote interest. These co-investments are not variable interest entities since they have sufficient equity without additional subordinated support, and the Company and CPPIB jointly have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the co-investments’ economic performance.  Each of the co-investments between the Company and CPPIB has a single general partner, which is a subsidiary consolidated by the Company.  However, the Company, as general partner of the co-investments, does not control the co-investments because the limited partners have substantive participating rights.  Therefore, the presumption of control by the Company as general partner is overcome by the rights held by CPPIB, and the Company records the co-investments with CPPIB on the equity method of accounting. As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company and CPPIB have  seven  active developments projects comprised of  1,424  units for total estimated costs of  $650.0 million .  At  December 31, 2014 , the total remaining estimated costs to be incurred on these projects was  $205.0 million  of which the Company’s portion of the remaining costs were  $111.3 million . Connolly Station, a  309  unit community in Dublin, California, a development joint venture with CPPIB, stabilized its operations in the first quarter of 2014. Epic is a development joint venture with CPPIB in San Jose, California. Phase I, a  280  unit community, stabilized its operations in the fourth quarter of 2013 and Phase II, a  289  unit community, stabilized its operations in the second quarter of 2014.  Epic – Phase III is currently under development. The Huxley and The Dylan In 2011, the Company entered into  two  development joint ventures with a regional developer for the construction of The Huxley and The Dylan,  two  communities with  371  units and approximately  30,950  square feet of retail located in West Hollywood, California.  The regional developer contributed the land and the Company contributed approximately  $14.8 million  in cash for a  50%  interest in the ventures. The joint ventures obtained bond financing for the project in the amount of  $114.4 million  with maturity dates of  October 2046  and December 2046 and entered into an interest rate swap transaction with respect  F- 32 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 to the bonds that terminates in  September 2016  and December 2016 and that effectively converts the interest rate to the Securities Industry and Financial Market Association Municipal Swap Index (“ SIFMA  Municipal Swap Index”) plus 150 basis points through December 2016. The Huxley stabilized its operations in the second quarter of 2014. As of December 31, 2014 the aggregate undepreciated carrying values of The Huxley and The Dylan were approximately  $72.2 million  and  $74.1 million  respectively. One South Market   In May 2013, the Company entered into a development joint venture to develop a  312  unit community in San Jose, California.  The Company holds a  55%  non-controlling interest in the venture and will earn customary development, asset, and property management fees and may also earn a promote interest. The co-investment is not a variable interest entity since it has sufficient equity without additional subordinated support, and the Company and the partner jointly have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the co-investment economic performance.  The co-investment has a single general partner, which is a subsidiary consolidated by the Company.  However, the Company, as general partner of the co-investment, does not control the co-investments because the limited partner has substantive participating rights.  Therefore, the presumption of control by the Company as general partner is overcome by the rights held by the limited partner, and the Company records the co-investments on the equity method of accounting.   As of  December 31, 2014 , the project’s total estimated costs were  $145.0 million .  At December 31, 2014, the total remaining estimated costs to be incurred on this project were  $25.0 million  of which the Company’s portion of the remaining costs was  $13.8 million . Century Towers In July 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture to develop Century Towers, a multifamily community containing  376  apartment homes located in San Jose, California.  The Company has a  50%  ownership interest in the development which has a projected total cost of  $172 million . The joint venture has obtained a  $90 million  construction loan that floats at LIBOR plus 175 basis points for a  three  year term with  two   one -year extension options. Construction began in the third quarter of 2014 and the property is expected to open in the first quarter of 2017. The Company has also committed to a  $27 million  preferred equity investment in the project, which accrues an annualized preferred return of  8.1% . The Company will earn customary development, asset, and property management fees and may also earn a promote interest. The co-investment is not a variable interest entity since it has sufficient equity without additional subordinated support, and the Company and the partner jointly have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the co-investment economic performance.  The co-investment has a single general partner, which is a subsidiary consolidated by the Company.  However, the Company, as general partner of the co-investment, does not control the co-investments because the limited partner has substantive participating rights.  Therefore, the presumption of control by the Company as general partner is overcome by the rights held by the partner, and the Company records the co-investments on the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2014, the project’s total estimated costs were  $172 million .  At December 31, 2014, the total remaining estimated costs to be incurred on this project were  $132 million , of which the Company’s portion of the remaining costs was  $66 million . Preferred Equity Investments During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company received cash of  $101.0 million  for its share of the redemption of a preferred equity investment related to a property located in San Francisco, California.  The Company recorded  $5.3 million  of income from penalties due to the early redemption of this preferred equity investment which is included in equity income from co-investments in the consolidated statements of income. In 2013, the Company received the redemption of  $22.8 million  of preferred equity related to  three  properties located in Los Angeles, California.  The Company recorded  $0.9 million  of income from redemption penalties due to the early redemption of these preferred equity investments. F- 33 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 In 2013, the Company restructured the terms of a preferred equity investment with a related party entity on a property located in Anaheim, California, reducing the rate from  13%  to  9% , while extending the maximum term by  one  year. The Company recorded a  $0.4 million  restructuring fee related to the restructured investment. In 2012, the Company made a  $14 million  preferred equity investment in an apartment community located in Cupertino, California to a related party entity. The investment has a preferred return of  9.5%  and matures in May 2016. The preferred equity agreement provides for up to  $4 million  of additional funding for renovation costs. The carrying values of the Company’s co-investments, all accounted for under the equity method of accounting, as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  are as follows ($ in thousands): F- 34 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012   2014   2013 Membership interest/Partnership interest in:       Wesco I and III $ 188,404   $ 181,098 Fund II 696   4,166 Expo 7,352   12,041 The Huxley 11,471   11,224 Connolly Station 46,653   45,242 Epic Phase I and II 122,968   106,845 Wesco IV 86,289   — BEXAEW 73,771   — Palm Valley 70,186   — Total operating co-investments 607,790   360,616 Membership interest in:       Limited liability companies with CPPIB that own and are developing Epic Phase III, Mosso I and II, Park 20, The Emme, The Owens and Hacienda 268,016   149,451 One South Market 30,919   17,115 The Dylan 7,874   7,321 Century Towers 13,121   — Total development co-investments 319,930   173,887         Membership interest in Wesco II that owns a preferred equity interest in Park Merced with a preferred return of 10.1% —   94,711 Preferred interest in related party limited liability company that owns Sage at Cupertino with a preferred return of  9.5% (matures in May 2016) 16,571   15,775 Preferred interest in a related party limited liability company that owns Madison Park at Anaheim with a preferred return of 9% (matures in September 2020) 13,824   13,824 Preferred interest in related party limited liability company that owns an apartment development in Redwood City with a preferred return of 12% (matures in July 2016 with one one-year extension option) 10,396   9,455 Preferred interest in a limited liability company that owns an apartment development in San Jose with a preferred return of 12% (matures in August 2016 with one one-year extension option) 10,011   8,865 Preferred interest in a limited liability company that owns 8th & Thomas with a preferred return of  10.0% (matures in June 2018 with one one-year extension option) 13,145   — Preferred interest in a limited liability company that owns Newbury Park with a preferred return of  12.0% (matures in January 2019) 13,150   — Preferred interest in a limited liability company that owns Century Towers  (1)  (matures in August 2019) 12,357   — Preferred interest in a limited liability company that owns an apartment development in San Jose with a preferred return of 9% (matures in January 2023) 19,237   — Total preferred interest investments 108,691   142,630 Total co-investments $ 1,036,411   $ 677,133 (1) The Company has committed to a total preferred equity investment in the project of  $27.0 million  at an effective preferred return rate of  8.1% . As of December 31, 2014 the Company has made a preferred equity investment of  $12.0 million . F- 35 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The combined summarized financial information of co-investments is as follows ($ in thousands):     December 31,   2014   2013 Balance sheets:       Rental properties and real estate under development $ 3,426,574   $ 1,953,328 Other assets 107,902   61,578 Total assets $ 3,534,476   $ 2,014,906 Debt  (1) $ 1,677,089   $ 690,132 Other liabilities 91,579   125,479 Equity 1,765,808   1,199,295 Total liabilities and partners' equity $ 3,534,476   $ 2,014,906 Company's share of equity $ 1,036,411   $ 677,133   Years ended December 31,   2014   2013   2012 Statements of operations:           Property revenues $ 188,548   $ 100,402   $ 130,128 Property operating expenses (71,419 )   (37,518 )   (55,990 ) Net operating income 117,129   62,884   74,138 Gain on sale of real estate 23,333   146,758   106,016 Interest expense (39,990 )   (24,155 )   (34,959 ) General and administrative (6,321 )   (5,344 )   (3,697 ) Equity income from co-investments  (2) 26,798   18,703   18,051 Depreciation and amortization (74,657 )   (36,831 )   (47,917 ) Net income $ 46,292   $ 162,015   $ 111,632 Company's share of net income  (3) $ 39,893   $ 55,865   $ 41,745 (1) Includes preferred equity investments held by the Company. (2) Represents income from Wesco II's preferred equity investment in Park Merced. (3) Includes the Company's share of equity income from co-investments, income from preferred equity investments, gain on sale of co-investments, co-investment promote income, and income from early redemption of preferred equity investments. (d) Real Estate under Development The Company defines development activities as new properties that are being constructed, or are newly constructed and are in a phase of lease-up and have not yet reached stabilized operations.  As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had  two  consolidated development projects,  ten  unconsolidated joint venture development projects, and various consolidated predevelopment projects, aggregating  2,920  units for an estimated total cost of  $1.5 billion , of which  $420.0 million  remains to be expended.   The Company’s portion of the remaining costs was  $250.0 million . F- 36 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 (4) Notes and Other Receivables   Notes receivables, secured by real estate, and other receivables consist of the following as  December 31, 2014  and  2013  ($ in thousands):   2014   2013 Note receivable, secured, bearing interest at 6.0%, due December 2016 $ 3,212   $ 3,212 Notes and other receivables from affiliates  (1) 8,105   60,968 Other receivables  (2) 13,606   4,075   $ 24,923   $ 68,255 (1) The Company had  $8.1 million  of short-term loans outstanding and due from various legacy and BRE joint ventures. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions, for additional details.  In 2013, the Company has provided  two  bridge loans totaling  $56.8 million  to Wesco III at a rate of  LIBOR   +2.50% .  Wesco III repaid these  two  loans in 2014. (2) Represents receivables for utilities, rents, and other receivables. During the year ended  December 31, 2013 , the Company received the repayment of  three  notes receivables totaling  $30.5 million . One of the notes was repaid early, and the Company recorded  $0.8 million  of income related to a change in estimate on the discount to the note receivable. (5) Related Party Transactions The Company has adopted written related party transaction guidelines that are intended to cover transactions in which the Company (including entities it controls) is a party and in which any “related person” has a direct or indirect interest.  A “related person” means any Company director, director nominee, or executive officer, any beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company’s outstanding common stock, and any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons.  A related person may be considered to have an indirect interest in a transaction if he or she (i) is an owner, director, officer or employee of or otherwise associated with another company that is engaging in a transaction with the Company, or (ii) otherwise, through one or more entities or arrangements, has an indirect financial interest in or personal benefit from the transaction. The related person transaction review and approval process is intended to determine, among any other relevant issues, the dollar amount involved in the transaction; the nature and value of any related person’s direct or indirect interest (if any) in the transaction; and whether or not (i) a related person’s interest is material, (ii) the transaction is fair, reasonable, and serves the best interest of the Company and its shareholders, and (iii) whether the transaction or relationship should be entered into, continued or ended. The Company’s Chairman and founder, Mr. George Marcus, is the Chairman of the Marcus & Millichap Company (“MMC”), which is a parent company of a diversified group of real estate service, investment, and development firms. Mr. Marcus is also the Co-Chairman of Marcus & Millichap, Inc. (“MMI”), and Mr. Marcus owns a controlling interest in MMI. MMI is a national brokerage firm listed on the NYSE that underwent its initial public offering in 2013.   Fund II paid brokerage commissions totaling  $0.6 million  and  $0.4 million , respectively, to an affiliate of MMI related to the sales of properties in 2013 and 2012, respectively.  There were  no  brokerage commissions paid by the Company to MMI or its affiliates during 2014, 2013, and 2012. The Company charges certain fees to its co-investments for asset management, property management, development and redevelopment services. These fees from affiliates total  $16.5 million ,  $11.5 million , and  $10.9 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively. All of these fees are net of intercompany amounts eliminated by the Company. In July 2014, the Company acquired Paragon Apartments, a  301  unit apartment community located in Fremont, CA for  $111.0 million  from an entity that was partially owned by an affiliate of MMC.  Independent members of the Company's Board of Directors that serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance and Audit Committees approved the investment. As described in Note 4, the Company has provided short-term bridge loans to affiliates. As of December 31, 2014,  $8.1 million  of short-term loans remained outstanding from various legacy and BRE joint ventures. F- 37 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 In 2012, the Company provided a  $26.0 million  short-term bridge loan to Wesco III at a rate of LIBOR plus  2.50%  to assist with the purchase of Haver Hill in 2012. The short term bridge loan was repaid in March 2013. As described in Note 3, the Company restructured the terms of a preferred equity investment in a property located in Anaheim, California, reducing the rate from  13%  to  9% , while extending the maximum term by  one year .  The Company recorded  $0.4 million  of income related to the restructured investment.  The entity that owns the property is an affiliate of MMC.  Independent directors (other than Mr. Marcus) on the Company’s Board of Directors that serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance and Audit Committees approved the restructuring of the investment in this entity. In January 2013, the Company invested  $8.6 million  as a preferred equity interest investment in an entity affiliated with MMC that owns an apartment development in Redwood City, California.  Independent directors (other than Mr. Marcus) on the Company’s Board of Directors that serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance and Audit Committees approved the investment in this entity. In 2012, the Company invested  $14.0 million  as a preferred equity interest investment in an entity affiliated with MMC that owns an apartment community in Cupertino, California.  The investment has a preferred return of  9.5%  and matures in  May 2016 .  The Company expects to invest an additional  $4.0 million  in preferred equity to fund renovation costs.  Independent directors (other than Mr. Marcus) on the Company’s Board of Directors approved the investment in this entity. In 2012, the Company acquired Montebello, a  248  unit apartment community in Kirkland, Washington for  $52.0 million  from an entity affiliated with MMC, and Wesco I acquired Riley Square (formerly Waterstone Santa Clara), a  156  unit apartment community in Santa Clara, California for  $38.3 million  from an entity affiliated with MMC.  Independent directors (other than Mr. Marcus) on the Company’s Board of Directors approved the acquisitions of Montebello and Riley Square. An Executive Vice President of the Company invested  $4.0 million  for a  3%  limited partnership interest in a partnership with the Company that owns Essex Skyline at MacArthur Place.  The Executive Vice President’s investment is equal to a pro-rata share of the contributions to the limited partnership.  The Executive Vice President’s investment also receives pro-rata distributions resulting from distributable cash generated by the property if and when distributions are made. (6) Discontinued Operations The Company determined that the disposals through the year ended  December 31, 2014  were not a discontinued operation in accordance with ASU 2014-018. The gains related to these disposals are recorded in gains on sale of real estate and land in the consolidated statements of income. During 2013, the Company sold Linden Square, a  183  unit community located in Seattle, Washington for  $25.3 million , resulting in a gain of  $12.7 million . Also during 2013, the Company sold Cambridge, a  40  unit property located in Chula Vista, California for  $4.7 million , resulting in a gain of  $2.5 million , and Brentwood, a  140  unit property located in Santa Ana, California for  $27.5 million , resulting in a gain of  $14.0 million . During 2012, the Company sold  two  communities for a total of  $28.3 million  resulting in gains totaling  $10.9 million . The Company has recorded the gains on sales and operations for these various assets sold described above as part of discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.  The components of discontinued operations are outlined below and include the results of operations for the respective periods that the Company owned such assets, as described above ($ in thousands): F- 38 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012   2013   2012 Revenues $ 4,454   $ 5,848 Property operating expenses (1,406 )   (2,181 ) Depreciation and amortization (1,098 )   (1,513 ) Expenses (2,504 )   (3,694 ) Operating income from real estate sold 1,950   2,154 Gain on sale of real estate 29,223   10,870 Internal disposition costs —   (1,087 ) Income from discontinued operations $ 31,173   $ 11,937 (7) Mortgage Notes Payable ESS does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. Mortgage notes payable consist of the following as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  ($ in thousands):   2014   2013 Fixed rate mortgage notes payable $ 2,056,742   $ 1,236,479 Variable rate mortgage notes payable (1) 189,202   167,601 Total mortgage notes payable (2) $ 2,245,944   $ 1,404,080 Number of properties securing mortgage notes 67   49 Remaining terms 1-26 years   1-26 years Weighted average interest rate 4.6 %   5.6 % The aggregate scheduled principal payments of mortgage notes payable at  December 31, 2014  are as follows ($ in thousands): 2015 $ 94,580 2016 41,481 2017 198,683 2018 320,080 2019 565,801 Thereafter 941,526   $ 2,162,151 (1) Variable rate mortgage notes payable consists of multifamily housing mortgage revenue bonds secured by deeds of trust on rental properties and guaranteed by collateral pledge agreements, payable monthly at a variable rate as defined in the Loan Agreement (approximately  1.8%  at December 2014 and  1.6%  at December 2013) plus credit enhancement and underwriting fees ranging from approximately  1.2%  to  1.9% .  Among the terms imposed on the properties, which are security for the bonds, is a requirement that  20%  of the units are subject to tenant income criteria. Principal balances are due in full at various maturity dates from February 2015 through April 2040.  Of these bonds  $153.2 million  are subject to various interest rate cap agreements, which limit the maximum interest rate to such bonds. (2) Includes total unamortized premium of $ 83.8 million  and $ 11.5 million  as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. For the Company’s mortgage notes payable as of  December 31, 2014 , monthly interest expense and principal amortization, excluding balloon payments, totaled approximately  $9.4 million  and  $3.3 million , respectively.  Second deeds of trust accounted for  $58.2 million  of the  $2.2 billion  in mortgage notes payable as of  December 31, 2014 .  Repayment of debt before the scheduled maturity date could result in prepayment penalties.   The prepayment penalty on the majority of the Company’s mortgage notes payable are computed by the greater of (a) 1% of the amount of the principal being prepaid or (b) the present value of the mortgage note payable which is calculated by multiplying the principal being prepaid by the difference between the interest rate of the mortgage note and the stated yield rate on a specified U.S. treasury security as defined in the mortgage note agreement.   F- 39 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 (8) Unsecured Debt and Lines of Credit ESS does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership.  ESS guarantees the Operating Partnership’s unsecured debt including the revolving credit facilities up to the maximum amounts and for the full term of the facilities.   Unsecured debt and lines of credit consist of the following as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  ($ in thousands):   2014   2013   Weighted Average Maturity In Years Bonds private placement - fixed rate $ 465,000   $ 465,000   4.2 Term loan - variable rate 225,000   350,000   1.9 Bonds public offering - fixed rate 1,927,482   595,023   7.1 Unsecured debt  (1) 2,617,482   1,410,023     Lines of credit 246,391   219,421   Total unsecured debt $ 2,863,873   $ 1,629,444     Weighted average interest rate on fixed rate unsecured bonds 3.6 %   4.0 %     Weighted average interest rate on variable rate term loan 2.4 %   2.5 %     Weighted average interest rate on lines of credit 1.8 %   2.2 %     (1)  Includes unamortized premium of  $27.5 million  and discount of  $5.0 million  as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company had  $465.0 million  of private placement unsecured bonds outstanding at an average effective interest rate of  4.5% . The following is a summary of the Company’s unsecured private placement bonds as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  ($ in thousands):   Maturity   2014   2013   Coupon Rate Senior unsecured private placement notes March 2016   $ 150,000   $ 150,000   4.36 % Senior unsecured private placement notes September 2017   40,000   40,000   4.50 % Senior unsecured private placement notes December 2019   75,000   75,000   4.92 % Senior unsecured private placement notes April 2021   100,000   100,000   4.27 % Senior unsecured private placement notes June 2021   50,000   50,000   4.30 % Senior unsecured private placement notes August 2021   50,000   50,000   4.37 %        $ 465,000   $ 465,000     As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Company had unsecured term loans outstanding of  $225.0 million  and  $350.0 million  at an average interest rate of  2.4%  and  2.5% , respectively.  The term loans are at a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus  1.05% . The Company entered into interest rate swap contracts for a term of  five years  with a notional amount totaling  $225.0 million , which effectively converted the interest rate on  $225.0 million  of the term loans to a fixed rate of  2.4% . In April 2014, the Company, assumed  $900.0 million  aggregate principal amount of BRE’s  5.500%  senior notes due 2017;  5.200%  senior notes due 2021; and  3.375%  senior notes due 2023 (together “BRE Notes”). The carrying value of the BRE Notes, plus premium was  $934.7 million  as of December 31, 2014. F- 40 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 In April 2014, the Company issued  $400.0 million  of senior unsecured notes due on May 1, 2024 with a coupon rate of  3.875%  per annum and are payable on May 1 st  and November 1 st  of each year, beginning November 1, 2014 (the 2024 Notes). The 2024 Notes were offered to investors at a price of  99.234%  of par value. The 2024 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2014, the carrying value of the 2024 Notes, net of discount was  $397.2 million . In April 2013, the Company issued  $300.0 million  of senior unsecured notes due on  May 1, 2023  with a coupon rate of  3.25%  per annum and are payable on May 1 st  and November 1 st  of each year, beginning November 1, 2013 (the 2023 Notes).  The 2023 Notes were offered to investors at a price of  99.152%  of par value.  The 2023 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc.  These bonds are included in the line “Bonds public offering-fixed rate” in the table above, and as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the carrying value of the 2023 Notes, net of discount was  $298.0 million  and  $297.7 million . During the third quarter 2012, the Company issued  $300.0 million  of senior unsecured notes due  August 2022  with a coupon rate of  3.625%  per annum and are payable on February 15th and August 15th of each year, beginning February 15, 2013 (the 2022 Notes).  The 2022 Notes were offered to investors at a price of  98.99%  of par value.  The 2022 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc.  As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the carrying value of the 2022 Notes, net of discount was  $297.6 million  and  $297.3 million , respectively. The following is a summary of the Company’s senior unsecured notes as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  ($ in thousands):   Maturity   2014   2013   Coupon Rate Senior notes March 2017   300,000   —   5.500 % Senior notes March 2021   300,000   —   5.200 % Senior notes August 2022   300,000   300,000   3.625 % Senior notes January 2023   300,000   —   3.375 % Senior notes May 2023   300,000   300,000   3.250 % Senior notes May 2024   400,000   —   3.875 %        1,900,000   600,000     The aggregate scheduled principal payments of unsecured debt payable, excluding lines of credit, at December 31, 2014 are as follows ($ in thousands): 2015 $ — 2016 350,000 2017 365,000 2018 — 2019 75,000 Thereafter 1,800,000   $ 2,590,000 The Company has  two  lines of credit aggregating  $1.03 billion  as of  December 31, 2014 .  The Company has a  $1 billion  credit facility with an underlying interest rate based on a tiered rate structure tied to Fitch and S&P ratings on the credit facility and the rate was  LIBOR  plus  0.95%  as of  December 31, 2014 .  As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the balance of the  $1 billion  credit facility was  $229.8 million  and  $199.0 million , respectively.  On January 2015, the facility maturity date was extended to  F- 41 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 December 31, 2018  with  one   18 -month extension, exercisable by the Company.  The Company also has a working capital unsecured line of credit agreement for  $25.0 million .  This facility matures in January 2016, with a  one  year extension option.  The underlying interest rate on the  $25.0 million  line is based on a tiered rate structure tied to Fitch and S&P ratings on the credit facility of  LIBOR  plus  0.95% .  As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , there was a  $16.6 million  and  $20.4 million  balance, respectively, outstanding on this unsecured line. The Company’s unsecured line of credit and unsecured debt agreements contain debt covenants related to limitations on indebtedness and liabilities, and maintenance of minimum levels of consolidated earnings before depreciation, interest and amortization.  The Company was in compliance with the debt covenants as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 . (9) Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities The Company uses interest rate swaps and interest rate cap contracts to manage certain interest rate risks. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. The Company has entered into interest rate swap contracts with an aggregate notional amount of  $225.0 million  that effectively fixed the interest rate on the  $225.0 million  unsecured term loan at  2.4%  through July 2017.  These derivatives qualify for hedge accounting. During the fourth quarter 2014, the Company terminated  $125.0 million  of swaps with respect to the  $225.0 million  of the unsecured term loan.  As of  December 31, 2014  the Company had interest rate cap contracts totaling a notional amount of  $153.2 million  that effectively limit the Company’s exposure to interest rate risk by providing a ceiling on the underlying variable interest rate for  $153.2 million  of the Company’s tax exempt variable rate debt. As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the aggregate carrying value of the interest rate swap contracts was a liability of  $1.8 million  and  $2.7 million , respectively. The aggregate carrying value of the interest rate cap contracts was zero on the balance sheet as of  December 31, 2014  and  December 31, 2013 . During the third quarter 2012, the Company terminated a swap transaction with respect to the  $38.0 million  of tax-exempt bonds for the 101 San Fernando apartment community with Citibank because the bonds were repurchased by the Company at par. Hedge ineffectiveness related to cash flow hedges, which is reported in current year income as interest expense, net was not significant for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 . (10) Lease Agreements As of  December 31, 2014  the Company is a lessor for  four  commercial buildings and the commercial portions of  32  mixed use communities. The tenants’ lease terms expire at various times through 2031.  The future minimum non-cancelable base rent to be received under these operating leases for each of the years ending after December 31 is summarized as follows ($ in thousands): F- 42 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012   Future   Minimum   Rent 2015 $ 12,348 2016 9,898 2017 9,003 2018 8,123 2019 7,350 Thereafter 28,647   $ 75,369 (11) Equity Transactions   Preferred Securities Offerings During the third quarter of 2006, the Company sold  5,980,000  shares of  4.875%  Series G Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series G”) for gross proceeds of  $149.5 million .  Holders may convert Series G into shares of ESS common stock subject to certain conditions.  The conversion rate was initially  .1830  shares of common stock per the  $25  share liquidation preference, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately  $136.62  per share of common stock (the conversion rate will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events).  ESS may, under certain circumstances, cause some or all of the Series G to be converted into that number of shares of common stock at the then prevailing conversion rate.  During the second quarter of 2014, each share of the Company's Series G was converted into  0.19301  shares of common stock.  There were  178,249  shares of Series G converted into  34,403  shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2013, there were  178,249  shares outstanding of Series G with an aggregate liquidation value of  $4.5 million . During the second quarter of 2011, the Company issued  2,950,000  shares of  7.125%  Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (“Series H”) at a price of  $25.00  per share for net proceeds of  $71.2 million , net of costs and original issuance discounts.  The Series H has no maturity date and generally may not be called by the Company before  April 13, 2016 .  Net proceeds from the Series H offering were contributed to the Operating Partnership for a  7.125%  Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Interest. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, there were  8,000,000  shares authorized and  2,950,000  shares outstanding of Series H with an aggregate liquidation value of  $73.8 million . Common Stock Offerings In April 2014, Essex issued approximately  23,067,446  shares of Essex common stock as Stock Consideration in the BRE merger at an average price of  $163.82 . In addition, during  2014 , ESS sold  2,964,315  shares of common stock for proceeds of  $534.0 million , net of fees and commissions, at an average price of  $181.56 . During  2013  and  2012 , ESS issued  913,344  and  2,404,096  shares of common stock in each period for proceeds of  $138.4 million  and  $357.7 million , net of fees and commissions, respectively. Operating Partnership Units and Long Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) Units As of  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , the Operating Partnership had outstanding  2,110,462  and  2,031,612  operating partnership units and  91,348  and  118,190  vested LTIP units, respectively. The Operating Partnership’s general partner, ESS, owned  96.7%  and  94.6%  of the partnership interests in the Operating Partnership at  December 31, 2014  and  2013 , respectively, and ESS is responsible for the management of the Operating Partnership’s business.  As the general partner of the Operating Partnership, ESS effectively controls the ability to issue common stock of ESS upon a limited partner’s notice of redemption. ESS has generally acquired OP units upon a limited partner’s notice of redemption in exchange for shares of its common stock. The redemption provisions of OP units owned by limited partners that permit ESS to settle in either cash or common stock at the  F- 43 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 option of ESS were further evaluated in accordance with applicable accounting guidance to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the balance sheet is appropriate. The Operating Partnership evaluated this guidance, including the requirement to settle in unregistered shares, and determined that these OP units meet the requirements to qualify for presentation as permanent equity. LTIP units represent an interest in the Operating Partnership for services rendered or to be rendered by the LTIP unit holder in its capacity as a partner, or in anticipation of becoming a partner, in the Operating Partnership. Upon the occurrence of specified events, LTIP units may over time achieve full parity with common units of the Operating Partnership for all purposes. Upon achieving full parity, LTIP units will be exchanged for an equal number of the OP Units. The redemption value of the OP units owned by the limited partners, not including ESS, had such units been redeemed at  December 31, 2014 , was approximately  $455 million  based on the closing price of ESS’s common stock as of  December 31, 2014 . (12) Net Income Per Common Share and Net Income Per Common Unit Essex Property Trust, Inc. Basic and diluted income from continuing and discontinued operations per share is calculated as follows for the years ended December 31  ($ in thousands, except share and per share amounts ):   2014   2013   2012   Income   Weighted- average Common Shares   Per Common Share Amount   Income   Weighted- average Common Shares   Per Common Share Amount   Income   Weighted- average Common Shares   Per Common Share Amount Basic:                                   Income from continuing operations available to common stockholders $ 116,859   56,546,959   $ 2.07   $ 121,324   37,248,960   $ 3.26   $ 108,532   35,032,491   $ 3.10                                     Income from discontinued operations available to common stockholders —   56,546,959   —   29,487   37,248,960   0.79   11,280   35,032,491   0.32   $ 116,859       $ 2.07   $ 150,811       $ 4.05   $ 119,812       $ 3.42 Effect of Dilutive Securities (1) —   149,566       —   86,335       —   92,430     Diluted:                                   Income from continuing operations available to common stockholders (1) $ 116,859   56,696,525   $ 2.06   $ 121,324   37,335,295   $ 3.25   $ 108,532   35,124,921   $ 3.09                                     Income from discontinued operations available to common stockholders —   56,696,525   —   29,487   37,335,295   0.79   11,280   35,124,921   0.32   $ 116,859       $ 2.06   $ 150,811       $ 4.04   $ 119,812       $ 3.41 (1) Weighted average convertible limited partnership units of  2,224,707 ,  2,131,425 , and  2,219,046 , which include vested Series Z Incentive Units, Series Z-1 Incentive Units, 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units, and 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units (collectively referred to as “LTIP Units”), for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively, were not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share calculation because they were anti-dilutive. The Company has the ability to redeem DownREIT limited partnership units for cash and does not consider them to be potentially dilutive securities. F- 44 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 Stock options of  10,843 ;  168,325 ; and  263,613 ; for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively, were not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation because the assumed proceeds per share of these options plus the average unearned compensation were greater than the average market price of the common shares for the years ended and, therefore, were anti-dilutive. All shares of cumulative convertible Series G preferred stock have been excluded from diluted earnings per share for the years ended  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  respectively, as the effect was anti-dilutive. Essex Portfolio, L.P. Basic and diluted income from continuing and discontinued operations per unit is calculated as follows for the years ended December 31  ($ in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts ):   2014   2013   2012   Income   Weighted- average Common Units   Per Common Unit Amount   Income   Weighted- average Common Units   Per Common Unit Amount   Income   Weighted- average Common Units   Per Common Unit Amount Basic:                                   Income from continuing operations available to common unitholders $ 121,726   58,771,666   $ 2.07   $ 128,576   39,380,385   $ 3.27   $ 115,834   37,251,537   $ 3.11 Income from discontinued operations —   58,771,666   —   31,173   39,380,385   0.79   11,937   37,251,537   0.32 Income available to common unitholders $ 121,726       $ 2.07   $ 159,749       $ 4.06   $ 127,771       $ 3.43 Effect of Dilutive Securities (1) —   149,566       —   86,335       —   92,430                                         Diluted:                                   Income from continuing operations available to common unitholders (1) $ 121,726   58,921,232   $ 2.07   $ 128,576   39,466,720   $ 3.26   $ 115,834   37,343,967   $ 3.10 Income from discontinued operations —   58,921,232   —   31,173   39,466,720   0.79   11,937   37,343,967   0.32 Income available to common unitholders $ 121,726       $ 2.07   $ 159,749       $ 4.05   $ 127,771       $ 3.42   (1) The Operating Partnership has the ability to redeem DownREIT limited partnership units for cash and does not consider them to be potentially dilutive securities. Stock options of  10,843 ;  168,325 ; and  263,613 ; for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively, were not included in the diluted earnings per unit calculation because the assumed proceeds per share of these options plus the average unearned compensation were greater than the average market price of the common shares for the years ended and, therefore, were anti-dilutive. The cumulative convertible Series G preferred interest have been excluded from diluted earnings per unit for the years ended  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  respectively, as the effect was anti-dilutive. (13) Equity Based Compensation Plans   Stock Options and Restricted Stock   In May 2013, stockholders approved the Company’s 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Compensation Plan (“2013 Plan”). The 2013 Plan became effective on June 1, 2013 and serves as the successor to the Company’s 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2004 Plan”), and no additional equity awards can be granted under the 2004 Plan after the date the 2013 Plan became effective.   F- 45 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The Company’s 2013 Plan provides incentives to attract and retain officers, directors and key employees.  The 2013 Plan provides for the grants of options to purchase shares of common stock, grants of restricted stock and other award types.  Under the 2013 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued is  1,000,000 , plus any shares that have not been issued under the 2004 Plan, including shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2004 Plan that are not issued or delivered to a participant for any reason.  The 2013 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and is comprised of independent directors.  The Compensation Committee is authorized to establish the exercise price; however, the exercise price cannot be less than  100%  of the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date.  The Company’s options have a life of  five  to  ten  years.  Option grants for officers and employees fully vest between  one  year and  five  years after the grant date.   Stock-based compensation expense for options and restricted stock under the fair value method totaled  $6.1 million ,  $2.3 million , and  $2.0 million  for years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  respectively.  Stock-based compensation expense for options and restricted stock for the year ended  December 31, 2014  includes  $3.6 million  related to the BRE merger, of which  $1.7 million  relates to merger and integration expenses, which is recorded in merger and integration expense in the consolidated statements of income.  Stock-based compensation for options and restricted stock related to recipients who are direct and incremental to projects under development were capitalized and totaled  $0.4 million ,  $0.4 million , and  $0.3 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively.  The intrinsic value of the options exercised totaled  $12.7 million ,  $3.0 million , and  $2.9 million , for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  respectively.  The intrinsic value of the options outstanding and fully vested totaled  $28.9 million , as of  December 31, 2014 .   Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options totaled  $3.6 million  as of  December 31, 2014  and the unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a period of  1  to  5  years.   The average fair value of stock options granted for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  was  $20.56 ,  $15.80  and  $12.64 , respectively. Certain stock options granted in  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  included a  $75  cap or a  $100  cap on the appreciation of the market price over the exercise price.  The fair value of stock options was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used for grants:   2014   2013   2012 Stock price $ 176.65   $ 153.54   $ 143.95 Risk-free interest rates 2.37 %   2.68 %   1.16 % Expected lives 8 years   8 years   5 - 8 years Volatility 18.00 %   18.03 %   20.05 % Dividend yield 2.90 %   3.15 %   3.26 % A summary of the status of the Company’s stock option plans as of  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  and changes during the years ended on those dates is presented below:   2014   2013   2012   Shares   Weighted- average exercise price   Shares   Weighted- average exercise price   Shares   Weighted- average exercise price Outstanding at beginning of year 695,488   $ 133.37   623,434   $ 125.96   415,020   $ 109.71 Granted 42,518   176.65   150,325   153.54   263,113   143.95 Granted - BRE options converted 133,766   121.03   —   —   —   — Exercised (185,387 )   113.72   (52,970 )   102.43   (41,603 )   77.21 Forfeited and canceled (21,600 )   144.29   (25,301 )   135.25   (13,096 )   128.36 Outstanding at end of year 664,785   138.78   695,488   133.37   623,434   125.96 Options exercisable at year end 395,986   133.99   300,632   119.09   250,620   107.12 F- 46 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of  December 31, 2014 :     Options outstanding   Options exercisable     Number outstanding as of   Weighted- average remaining   Weighted- average   Number exercisable as of   Weighted- average Range of   December 31,   contractual   exercise   December 31,   exercise exercise prices   2014   life (years)   price   2014   price $66.05 - $101.01   39,590   2.8   $ 79.64   39,590   $ 79.64 $103.82 - $161.98   561,626   6.1   139.05   303,670   134.22 $164.76 - $179.48   63,569   8.2   173.22   52,726   173.49     664,785   6.1   138.78   395,986   133.99   The following table summarizes information about restricted stock outstanding as of  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012  and changes during the years ended:   2014   2013   2012   Shares   Weighted- average grant price   Shares   Weighted- average grant price   Shares   Weighted- average grant price Unvested at beginning of year 16,176   $ 108.06   24,922   $ 104.52   35,219   $ 98.57 Granted 22,014   194.03   1,556   158.75   1,614   149.68 Granted - BRE restricted stock converted 119,411   173.82   —   —   —   — Vested (126,931 )   171.56   (7,211 )   109.86   (8,641 )   106.69 Forfeited and canceled (4,850 )   135.10   (3,091 )   100.84   (3,270 )   102.00 Unvested at end of year 25,820   168.22   16,176   108.06   24,922   104.52 The unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock totaled  $3.5 million  as of  December 31, 2014  and is expected to be recognized over a period of  1  to  7  years. Long Term Incentive Plans – LTIP Units On December 9, 2014, the Operating Partnership issued  44,750  units under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award agreements to executives of the Company.  The 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units (the “2015 LTIP Units”) are subject to forfeiture based on performance-based and service based conditions. An additional  24,000  units were granted subject only to performance-based criteria and are fully vested on the date granted.  The 2015 LTIP Units, that are subject to vesting, will vest at  20%  per year on each of the first five anniversaries of the initial grant date.  The 2015 LTIP Units performance conditions measurement ends December 9, 2015.  The 2015 LTIP Units, once earned and vested, are convertible  one -for-one into common units of the Operating Partnership which, in turn, are convertible into common stock of the Company subject to a  ten  year liquidity restriction.  2015 LTIP Units not earned based on the performance-based criteria shall be automatically forfeited by the recipient. In December 2013, the Operating Partnership issued  50,500  units under the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award agreements to executives of the Company.  The 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units (the “2014 LTIP Units”) were subject to forfeiture based on performance-based conditions and are currently subject to service based vesting.  The 2014 LTIP Units vest  25%  per year on each of the first  four  anniversaries of the initial grant date. In December 2014, the Company achieved the performance criteria and all of the 2014 LTIP Units awarded were earned by the recipients, subject to satisfaction of service based vesting conditions.  The 2014 LTIP Units are convertible  one -for-one into common units of the Operating Partnership which, in turn, are convertible into common stock of the Company subject to a  ten  year liquidity restriction. F- 47 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The estimated fair value of the 2015 LTIP Units and 2014 LTIP Units are determined on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations under a risk-neutral premise and considers Essex’s current stock price, the unpaid dividends on unvested units and the discount factor for  10  years of illiquidity.   Prior to 2013, the Company issued Series Z Incentive Units and Series Z-1 Incentive Units (collectively referred to as “Z Units”) of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership.  Vesting in the Z Units is based on performance criteria established in the plan.  The criteria can be revised by the Board's Compensation Committee if the Committee deems that the plan's criterion is unachievable for any given year.   The sale of Z Units is contractually prohibited.  Z Units are convertible into Operating Partnership units which are exchangeable for shares of the Company’s common stock that have marketability restrictions.  The estimated fair value of a Z Unit is determined on the grant date and considers the Company's current stock price, the dividends that are not paid on unvested units and a marketability discount for the  8  to  15  years of illiquidity.  Compensation expense is calculated by multiplying estimated vesting increases for the period by the estimated fair value as of the grant date.   During 2011 and 2010, the Operating Partnership issued  154,500  Series Z-1 Incentive Units (the “Z-1 Units”) of limited partner interest to executives of the Company.  The Z-1 Units are convertible  one-for-one  into common units of the Operating Partnership (which, in turn, are convertible into common stock of the Company) upon the earlier to occur of  100 percent  vesting of the units or the year 2026.  The conversion ratchet (accounted for as vesting) of the Z-1 Units into common units, is to increase consistent with the Company’s annual FFO growth, but is not to be less than  zero  or greater than  14 percent .  Z-1 Unit holders are entitled to receive distributions, on vested units, that are approximately the same as dividends distributed to common stockholders. LTIP Units are administered by the Compensation Committee which has the authority to select participants and determine the awards to be made up to a maximum of  600,000  LTIP Units.   Stock-based compensation expense for LTIP Units under the fair value method totaled approximately  $6.0 million ,  $2.2 million  and  $2.1 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013  and  2012 , respectively.  Stock-based compensation expense for the year ended  December 31, 2014  includes  $1.7 million  related to merger and integration expenses and is recorded in merger and integration expense in the consolidated statements of income.  In the fourth quarter of 2014, stock-based compensation expense included  $2.4 million  related to an immediate vesting of certain of the 2015 LTIP Units.  Stock-based compensation related to LTIP Units attributable to recipients who are direct and incremental to these projects was capitalized to real estate under development and totaled approximately  $0.4 million ,  $0.5 million , and  $0.5 million , for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively.  The intrinsic value of the vested and unvested LTIP Units totaled  $68.8 million  as of  December 31, 2014 .  Total unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested LTIP Units under the LTIP Units plans totaled  $11.7 million  as of  December 31, 2014 .  On a weighted average basis, the unamortized cost for the 2014 and 2015 LTIP Units and the Z Units is expected to be recognized over the next  4.2  years and  10.5  years, respectively, subject to the achievement of the stated performance criteria. F- 48 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The following table summarizes information about the LTIP Units outstanding as of  December 31, 2014  ($ in thousands):   Long Term Incentive Plan - LTIP Units   Total Vested Units   Total Unvested Units   Total Outstanding Units   Weighted- average Grant-date Fair Value   Weighted- average Remaining Contractual Life (years) Balance, December 31, 2011 179,082   170,019   349,101   $ 58.17   12.3 Granted —   —   —         Vested 28,163   (28,163 )   —         Converted (16,541 )   —   (16,541 )         Cancelled —   (1,813 )   (1,813 )         Balance, December 31, 2012 190,704   140,043   330,747   58.44   11.3 Granted —   50,500   50,500         Vested 35,919   (35,919 )   —         Converted (108,433 )   —   (108,433 )         Cancelled —   (5,243 )   (5,243 )         Balance, December 31, 2013 118,190   149,381   267,571   63.53   9.3 Granted 24,000   44,750   68,750     Vested 41,729   (41,729 )   —     Converted (2,000 )   —   (2,000 )     Cancelled —   (1,335 )   (1,335 )     Balance, December 31, 2014 181,919   151,067   332,986   $ 71.14   10.5 (14) Segment Information The Company defines its reportable operating segments as the  three  geographical regions in which its communities are located: Southern California, Northern California and Seattle Metro.  Excluded from segment revenues and net operating income are communities classified in discontinued operations, management and other fees from affiliates, and interest and other income.  Non-segment revenues and net operating income included in the following schedule also consist of revenue generated from commercial properties.  Other non-segment assets include real estate under development, co-investments, cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, notes and other receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets and deferred charges. F- 49 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 The revenues and net operating income for each of the reportable operating segments are summarized as follows for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012  ($ in thousands):   Years Ended December 31,   2014   2013   2012 Revenues:           Southern California $ 422,899   $ 263,064   $ 248,150 Northern California 338,006   212,167   173,264 Seattle Metro 168,053   107,553   92,489 Other real estate assets 31,000   19,219   12,793 Total property revenues $ 959,958   $ 602,003   $ 526,696 Net operating income:           Southern California $ 279,178   $ 175,557   $ 164,841 Northern California 236,927   146,699   119,154 Seattle Metro 112,384   71,407   60,853 Other real estate assets 20,556   12,328   9,681 Total net operating income 649,045   405,991   354,529 Depreciation and amortization (360,592 )   (192,420 )   (169,173 ) Interest expense (164,551 )   (116,524 )   (111,888 ) Management and other fees from affiliates 9,347   7,263   8,457 General and administrative (40,878 )   (26,684 )   (24,573 ) Merger and integration expenses (53,530 )   (4,284 )   — Acquisition and disposition costs (1,878 )   (1,161 )   (2,215 ) Interest and other income 11,811   11,633   13,833 Loss on early retirement of debt, net (268 )   (300 )   (5,009 ) Gain on sale of real estate and land 46,039   1,503   — Equity income from co-investments 39,893   55,865   41,745 Gain on remeasurement of co-investment —   —   21,947 Income before discontinued operations $ 134,438   $ 140,882   $ 127,653 F- 50 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 Total assets for each of the reportable operating segments are summarized as follows as of  December 31, 2014  and  2013  ($ in thousands):   As of December 31, Assets: 2014   2013 Southern California $ 4,249,107   $ 1,732,791 Northern California 3,641,720   1,605,303 Seattle Metro 1,647,058   741,533 Other real estate assets 149,820   109,244 Net reportable operating segments - real estate assets 9,687,705   4,188,871 Real estate under development 434,371   50,430 Co-investments 1,036,411   677,133 Real estate held for sale, net 56,300   — Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash 95,420   53,766 Marketable securities and other investments 117,240   90,084 Notes and other receivables 24,923   68,255 Other non-segment assets 110,504   58,300 Total assets $ 11,562,874   $ 5,186,839 (15) 401(k) Plan   The Company has a 401(k) benefit plan (the “Plan”) for all eligible employees. Employee contributions are limited by the maximum allowed under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.  The Company matches  50%  of the employee contributions up to a specified maximum.  Company contributions to the Plan were approximately  $0.9 million ,  $0.7 million , and  $0.6 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 , respectively.   (16) Commitments and Contingencies   As of  December 31, 2014 , the Company had  six  non-cancelable ground leases for certain apartment communities and buildings that expire between 2027 and 2082.  Ground lease payments are typically the greater of a stated minimum or a percentage of gross rents generated by these apartment communities.  Total minimum lease commitments, under ground leases and operating leases, are approximately  $2.5 million  per year for the next five years.   To the extent that an environmental matter arises or is identified in the future that has other than a remote risk of having a material impact on the financial statements, the Company will disclose the estimated range of possible outcomes, and, if an outcome is probable, accrue an appropriate liability for remediation and other potential liability. The Company will consider whether such occurrence results in an impairment of value on the affected property and, if so, impairment will be recognized.   The Company has no way of determining at this time the magnitude of any potential liability to which it may be subject arising out of unknown environmental conditions or violations with respect to the communities formerly owned by the Company.  No assurance can be given that existing environmental studies with respect to any of the communities reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to the Company, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more of the communities.  The Company has limited insurance coverage for some of the types of environmental liabilities described above. The Company has entered into transactions that may require the Company to pay the tax liabilities of the partners in the Operating Partnership or in the DownREIT entities.  These transactions are within the Company’s control. Although the Company plans to hold the contributed assets or defer recognition of gain on their sale pursuant to like-kind exchange rules under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company can provide no assurance that it will be able to do so and if such tax liabilities were incurred they may to have a material impact on the Company’s financial position. There have been an increasing number of lawsuits against owners and managers of apartment communities alleging personal injury and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real estate. Some of these lawsuits have resulted in  F- 51 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 substantial monetary judgments or settlements.  The Company has been sued for mold related matters and has settled some, but not all, of such matters.   Insurance carriers have reacted to mold related liability awards by excluding mold related claims from standard policies and pricing mold endorsements at prohibitively high rates.  The Company has, however, purchased pollution liability insurance, which includes some coverage for mold.  The Company has adopted policies to promptly address and resolve reports of mold when it is detected, and to minimize any impact mold might have on residents of the property.  The Company believes its mold policies and proactive response to address any known existence, reduces its risk of loss from these cases.  There can be no assurances that the Company has identified and responded to all mold occurrences, but the company promptly addresses all known reports of mold.  Liabilities resulting from such mold related matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  As of  December 31, 2014 , potential liabilities for mold and other environmental liabilities are not quantifiable and an estimate of possible loss cannot be made. The Company carries comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage and rental loss insurance for each of the communities.  There are, however, certain types of extraordinary losses, such as, for example, losses from terrorism or earthquakes, for which the Company does not have insurance coverage.  Substantially all of the communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity.  The Company has established a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC (“PWI”).  Through PWI, the Company is self-insured as it relates to earthquake related losses.  Additionally, since January 2008, PWI has provided property and casualty insurance coverage for the first  $5.0 million  of the Company’s property level insurance claims per incident.  As of  December 31, 2014 , PWI has cash and marketable securities of approximately  $57.6 million .  These assets are consolidated in the Company’s financial statements.  Beginning in 2013, the Company has obtained limited third party seismic insurance on selected assets in which it holds an ownership interest in. The Company provided a payment guarantee to the counterparties in relation to the total return swaps entered into by the joint venture responsible for the development of The Huxley and The Dylan communities.  Further the Company has guaranteed completion of development and made certain debt service guarantees for The Huxley and The Dylan.  The outstanding balance for the loans was  $114.4 million  as of  December 31, 2014 .  The payment guarantee is for the payment of the amounts due to the counterparty related total return swaps which are scheduled to mature in September and December 2016.  The maximum exposure of the guarantee as of  December 31, 2014  was  $114.4 million  based on the aggregate outstanding debt amount. Three  putative class action and shareholder derivative actions were filed on behalf of alleged BRE stockholders and/or BRE itself in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, under the following captions:  Sutton v. BRE Properties, Inc., et al.,  No. 24-C-13-8425, filed December 23, 2013;  Applegate v. BRE Properties, Inc., et al.,  No. 24-C-14-2, filed December 30, 2013; and  Lee v. BRE Properties, Inc., et al.,  No. 24-C-14-46 ,  filed January 3, 2014. On March 18, 2014, the parties reached an agreement in principle that provided for the settlement of action on the terms and conditions set forth in a memorandum of understanding.  On October 28, 2014, the Court entered an Order and Final Judgment Settlement granting final approval of the Settlement. The Order and Final Judgment Settlement included a judgment of the dismissal of all claims against BRE, Essex and the other defendants with prejudice as well as a full release of any and all claims related to the Merger.  The  $500,000  to be paid by BRE or its successor(s) has been paid in full by Essex. On December 19, 2014, a punitive class action was filed against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, entitled  Foster v. Essex Property Trust, Inc.  alleging that the Company failed to properly secure the personally-identifying information of its residents.  The lawsuit seeks the recovery of unspecified damages and certain injunctive relief. This lawsuit was filed in connection with a cyber-intrusion that the Company discovered in the third quarter of 2014.  At this point, the Company is unable to predict the developments in, outcome of, and/or economic and/or other consequences of this litigation or predict the developments in, outcome of, and/or other consequences arising out of any potential future litigation or government inquiries related to this matter. The Company is subject to various other legal and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the course of its business operations.  We believe that, with respect to such matters that we are currently a party to, the ultimate disposition of any such matter will not result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. (17) Subsequent Events In January 2015, the Company sold Pinnacle South Mountain, a  552  unit apartment community, located in Phoenix, AZ for  $63.8 million . F- 52 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 During the first quarter of  2015  through  February 24, 2015 , ESS sold  636,021  shares of common stock for  $142.0 million , net of fees and commissions at an average price of  $224.76 . In February 2015, the Company purchased a parcel of land located in San Francisco, CA for a contract price of  $43.6 million . The Company plans to develop a  forty-two  story apartment community comprising  545  homes and  5,900  square feet of ground floor retail space. In February 2015, the Company acquired 8 th  and Hope, a  290  unit community in Los Angeles, CA for  $200 million . The property was completed in 2014 and has roughly  4,000  square feet of ground floor retail space. F- 53 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 (18) Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) Essex Property Trust, Inc. The following is a summary of quarterly results of operations for  2014  and  2013  ( $ in thousands, except per share and dividend amounts ):   Quarter ended December 31   Quarter ended September 30   Quarter ended June 30   Quarter ended March 31 2014 (1):               Total property revenues $ 276,209   $ 268,118   $ 256,614   $ 159,017 Income before discontinued operations $ 44,805   $ 58,582   $ 4,645   $ 26,406 Net income $ 44,805   $ 58,582   $ 4,645   $ 26,406 Net income available to common stockholders $ 40,175   $ 53,565   $ 1,207   $ 21,912 Per share data:               Net income:               Basic (2) $ 0.63   $ 0.85   $ 0.02   $ 0.58 Diluted (2) $ 0.63   $ 0.85   $ 0.02   $ 0.58 Market price:               High $ 211.91   $ 180.65   $ 185.66   $ 171.70 Low $ 206.35   $ 178.27   $ 183.36   $ 166.95 Close $ 206.60   $ 178.75   $ 184.91   $ 170.05 Dividends declared $ 1.30   $ 1.30   $ 1.30   $ 1.21 2013:               Total property revenues $ 155,986   $ 152,177   $ 148,783   $ 145,057 Income before discontinued operations $ 20,020   $ 62,718   $ 28,983   $ 29,161 Net income $ 36,903   $ 75,875   $ 29,575   $ 29,702 Net income available to common stockholders $ 31,874   $ 68,788   $ 24,946   $ 25,203 Per share data:               Net income:               Basic (2) $ 0.85   $ 1.84   $ 0.67   $ 0.68 Diluted (2) $ 0.85   $ 1.84   $ 0.67   $ 0.68 Market price:               High $ 165.44   $ 172.16   $ 171.11   $ 156.36 Low $ 137.53   $ 139.64   $ 147.56   $ 147.06 Close $ 143.51   $ 147.70   $ 158.92   $ 150.58 Dividends declared $ 1.21   $ 1.21   $ 1.21   $ 1.21 (1) Includes BRE results of operations after the merger date, April 1, 2014.  (2) Quarterly earnings per common unit amounts may not total to the annual amounts due to rounding and the changes in the number of weighted common units outstanding and included in the calculation of basic and diluted shares.  .  F- 54 Table of Contents ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 Essex Portfolio, L.P. The following is a summary of quarterly results of operations for  2014  and  2013  ( $ in thousands, except per unit and distribution amounts ):   Quarter ended December 31   Quarter ended September 30   Quarter ended June 30   Quarter ended March 31 2014 (1):               Total property revenues $ 276,209   $ 268,118   $ 256,614   $ 159,017 Income before discontinued operations $ 44,805   $ 58,582   $ 4,645   $ 26,406 Net income $ 44,805   $ 58,582   $ 4,645   $ 26,406 Net income available to common unitholders $ 41,599   $ 55,382   $ 1,416   $ 23,329 Per unit data:               Net income:               Basic (2) $ 0.63   $ 0.85   $ 0.02   $ 0.58 Diluted (2) $ 0.63   $ 0.85   $ 0.02   $ 0.58 Distributions declared $ 1.30   $ 1.30   $ 1.30   $ 1.21 2013:               Total property revenues $ 155,986   $ 152,177   $ 148,783   $ 145,057 Income before discontinued operations $ 20,020   $ 62,718   $ 28,983   $ 29,161 Net income $ 36,903   $ 75,875   $ 29,575   $ 29,702 Net income available to common unitholders $ 33,776   $ 72,777   $ 26,493   $ 26,703 Per unit data:               Net income:               Basic (2) $ 0.87   $ 1.84   $ 0.67   $ 0.68 Diluted (2) $ 0.86   $ 1.84   $ 0.67   $ 0.68 Distributions declared $ 1.21   $ 1.21   $ 1.21   $ 1.21 (1) Includes BRE results of operations after the merger date, April 1, 2014.  (2) Quarterly earnings per common unit amounts may not total to the annual amounts due to rounding and the changes in the number of weighted common units outstanding and included in the calculation of basic and diluted shares.  F- 55 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)             Costs                       Initial cost capitalized Gross amount carried at close of period                   Buildings and subsequent to Land and Buildings and   Accumulated Date of Date Lives Property Units Location Encumbrance Land improvements acquisition improvements improvements Total (1) depreciation construction acquired (years) Encumbered communities                            The Elliot at Mukilteo  301  Mukilteo, WA  10,750 2,498 10,595 14,371 2,824 24,640 27,464 (12,928 ) 1981 Jan-97     3-30   Avondale at Warner Center  446  Woodland Hills, CA  45,349 10,536 24,522 15,722 10,601 40,179 50,780 (23,899 ) 1970 Jan-97     3-30   Bridgeport   184  Newark, CA  21,003 1,608 7,582 7,465 1,525 15,130 16,655 (11,592 ) 1987 Jul-87     3-30   Barkley, The  (2)  161  Anaheim, CA  16,269 — 8,520 5,195 2,353 11,362 13,715 (5,536 ) 1984 Apr-00     3-30   Bel Air  462  San Ramon, CA  53,835 12,105 18,252 28,826 12,682 46,501 59,183 (23,898 ) 1988 Jan-97     3-30   Belmont Station  275  Los Angeles, CA  30,045 8,100 66,666 3,968 8,267 70,467 78,734 (18,446 ) 2008 Dec-08     3-30   Bella Villagio  231  San Jose, CA  35,870 17,247 40,343 1,983 17,247 42,326 59,573 (6,432 ) 2004 Sep-10     3-30   Brookside Oaks   170  Sunnyvale, CA  19,312 7,301 16,310 22,116 10,328 35,399 45,727 (14,425 ) 1973 Jun-00     3-30    Camino Ruiz Square   160  Camarillo, CA  21,110 6,871 26,119 1,317 6,931 27,376 34,307 (7,498 ) 1990 Dec-06     3-30    Canyon Oaks  250  San Ramon, CA  28,101 19,088 44,473 2,244 19,088 46,717 65,805 (12,259 ) 2005 May-07     3-30    Carlyle, The  132  San Jose, CA  22,419 3,954 15,277 10,147 5,801 23,577 29,378 (11,057 ) 2000 Apr-00     3-30    City View   572  Hayward, CA  74,903 9,883 37,670 21,926 10,350 59,129 69,479 (35,386 ) 1975 Mar-98     3-30    Courtyard off Main  109  Bellevue, WA  15,757 7,465 21,405 2,766 7,465 24,171 31,636 (3,701 ) 2000 Oct-10     3-30    Domaine  92  Seattle, WA  15,793 9,059 27,177 473 9,059 27,650 36,709 (2,151 ) 2009 Sep-12     3-30    Elevation   157  Redmond, WA  11,308 4,758 14,285 5,667 4,757 19,953 24,710 (4,178 ) 1986 Jun-10     3-30    Esplanade  278  San Jose, CA  42,950 18,170 40,086 8,307 18,429 48,134 66,563 (17,173 ) 2002 Apr-11     3-30    Fairhaven  164  Santa Ana, CA  20,721 2,626 10,485 5,761 2,957 15,915 18,872 (6,850 ) 1970 Nov-01     3-30    Fairwood Pond  194  Renton, WA  12,725 5,296 15,564 2,232 5,297 17,795 23,092 (6,688 ) 1997 Oct-04     3-30    Fountain Park  705  Playa Vista, CA  83,179 25,073 94,980 25,540 25,203 120,390 145,593 (48,601 ) 2002 Feb-04     3-30    Harvest Park  104  Santa Rosa, CA  10,241 6,700 15,479 1,099 6,690 16,588 23,278 (4,693 ) 2004 Mar-07     3-30    Hampton Place /Hampton Court  215  Glendale, CA  20,616 6,695 16,753 8,310 6,733 25,025 31,758 (11,951 ) 1970 Jun-99     3-30    Hidden Valley   324  Simi Valley, CA  30,053 14,174 34,065 2,063 9,674 40,628 50,302 (14,322 ) 2004 Dec-04     3-30    Highridge   255  Rancho Palos Verdes, CA  44,807 5,419 18,347 28,623 6,073 46,316 52,389 (23,162 ) 1972 May-97     3-30    Highlands at Wynhaven  333  Issaquah, WA  32,212 16,271 48,932 6,609 16,271 55,541 71,812 (12,981 ) 2000 Aug-08     3-30    Hillcrest Park  608  Newbury Park, CA  67,064 15,318 40,601 16,690 15,755 56,854 72,609 (29,850 ) 1973 Mar-98     3-30    Huntington Breakers  342  Huntington Beach, CA  37,446 9,306 22,720 13,803 9,315 36,514 45,829 (16,859 ) 1984 Oct-97     3-30    Inglenook Court  224  Bothell, WA  8,300 3,467 7,881 6,418 3,474 14,292 17,766 (9,683 ) 1985 Oct-94     3-30    Magnolia Square/Magnolia Lane (3)  188  Sunnyvale, CA  17,701 8,190 24,736 14,056 8,191 38,791 46,982 (10,633 ) 1969 Sep-07     3-30    Mirabella  188  Marina Del Rey, CA  44,556 6,180 26,673 13,877 6,270 40,460 46,730 (17,813 ) 2000 May-00     3-30    Mill Creek at Windermere  400  San Ramon, CA  48,348 29,551 69,032 2,974 29,551 72,006 101,557 (17,916 ) 2005 Sep-07     3-30  F- 56 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)             Costs                       Initial cost capitalized Gross amount carried at close of period                   Buildings and subsequent to Land and Buildings and   Accumulated Date of Date Lives Property Units Location Encumbrance Land improvements acquisition improvements improvements Total (1) depreciation construction acquired (years)   Montclaire, The   390  Sunnyvale, CA  45,833 4,842 19,776 20,330 4,997 39,951 44,948 (31,729 ) 1973 Dec-88     3-30    Montebello  248  Kirkland, WA  28,423 13,857 41,575 3,500 13,858 45,074 58,932 (4,057 ) 1996 Jul-12     3-30    Montejo   124  Garden Grove, CA  15,728 1,925 7,685 2,509 2,194 9,925 12,119 (4,566 ) 1974 Nov-01     3-30    Park Hill at Issaquah  245  Issaquah, WA  28,426 7,284 21,937 3,733 7,284 25,670 32,954 (9,049 ) 1999 Feb-99     3-30    Palisades, The  192  Bellevue, WA  20,573 1,560 6,242 11,006 1,565 17,243 18,808 (12,559 ) 1977 May-90     3-30   Pathways  296  Long Beach, CA  37,046 4,083 16,757 18,993 6,239 33,594 39,833 (24,284 ) 1975 Feb-91     3-30    Stevenson Place   200  Fremont, CA  21,394 996 5,582 7,314 1,001 12,891 13,892 (9,713 ) 1971 Apr-83     3-30    Stonehedge Village  196  Bothell, WA  12,109 3,167 12,603 5,064 3,201 17,633 20,834 (10,210 ) 1986 Oct-97     3-30    Summerhill Park  100  Sunnyvale, CA  13,326 2,654 4,918 2,326 2,656 7,242 9,898 (5,133 ) 1988 Sep-88     3-30    The Bernard  63  Seattle, WA  9,479 3,699 11,345 171 3,689 11,526 15,215 (1,291 ) 2008 Sep-11     3-30    The Huntington  276  Huntington Beach, CA  32,096 10,374 41,495 2,594 10,374 44,089 54,463 (3,980 ) 1975 Jun-12     3-30    Tierra Vista   404  Oxnard, CA  55,212 13,652 53,336 3,863 13,661 57,190 70,851 (20,787 ) 2001 Jan-01     3-30    Valley Park   160  Fountain Valley, CA  26,479 3,361 13,420 3,516 3,761 16,536 20,297 (7,460 ) 1969 Nov-01     3-30    Villa Angelina   256  Placentia, CA  32,674 4,498 17,962 5,988 4,962 23,486 28,448 (9,902 ) 1970 Nov-01     3-30    Wandering Creek  156  Kent, WA  5,300 1,285 4,980 3,695 1,296 8,664 9,960 (5,853 ) 1986 Nov-95     3-30    Waterford, The  238  San Jose, CA  31,275 11,808 24,500 12,916 15,165 34,059 49,224 (16,320 ) 2000 Jun-00     3-30    Wilshire Promenade  149  Fullerton, CA  17,657 3,118 7,385 7,493 3,797 14,199 17,996 (7,518 ) 1992 Jan-97     3-30    Ellington at Bellevue  220  Bellevue, WA  23,279 15,066 45,249 98 15,066 45,347 60,413 (556 ) 1994 Jul-14     3-30    Piedmont  396  Bellevue, WA  48,180 19,848 59,606 1,557 19,848 61,163 81,011 (1,288 ) 1969 May-14     3-30    The Avery  121  Los Angeles, CA  10,000 6,964 29,922 — 6,964 29,922 36,886 (787 ) 2014 Mar-14     3-30   BRE acquired properties  2,899  Southern California  424,041 163,608 659,448 3,344 163,608 662,792 826,400 (18,178 ) 1987 - 2008 Apr-14     3-30   BRE acquired properties  1,074  Northern California  219,244 170,747 363,720 1,383 170,747 365,103 535,850 (10,149 ) 1970 - 2010 Apr-14     3-30   BRE acquired properties  1,111  Seattle Metro  145,427 64,301 265,474 1,703 64,301 267,177 331,478 (7,304 ) 1992 - 2009 Apr-14     3-30        2,245,944 825,606 2,600,447 423,644 839,395 3,010,302 3,849,697 (665,234 )                                   Unencumbered Communities                             Apex  366  Milpitas, CA   44,240 103,251 89 44,240 103,340 147,580 (1,249 ) 2014 Aug-14     3-30   Collins on Pine  76  Seattle, WA   7,276 22,226 7 7,276 22,233 29,509 (464 ) 2013 May-14     3-30   Paragon  301  Fremont, CA   32,230 77,320 40 32,230 77,360 109,590 (1,183 ) 2013 Jul-14     3-30   Allegro  97  Valley Village, CA   5,869 23,977 1,385 5,869 25,362 31,231 (5,293 ) 2010 Oct-10     3-30   Alpine Village  301  Alpine, CA   4,967 19,728 5,362 4,982 25,075 30,057 (10,302 ) 1971 Dec-02     3-30   Anavia  250  Anaheim, CA   15,925 63,712 5,968 15,925 69,680 85,605 (9,491 ) 2009 Dec-10     3-30 F- 57 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)             Costs                       Initial cost capitalized Gross amount carried at close of period                   Buildings and subsequent to Land and Buildings and   Accumulated Date of Date Lives Property Units Location Encumbrance Land improvements acquisition improvements improvements Total (1) depreciation construction acquired (years)   Annaliese  56  Seattle, WA   4,727 14,229 153 4,726 14,383 19,109 (949 ) 2009 Jan-13     3-30   Ascent  90  Kirkland, WA   3,924 11,862 1,538 3,924 13,400 17,324 (1,143 ) 1988 Oct-12     3-30   Axis 2300  115  Irvine, CA   5,405 33,585 965 5,405 34,550 39,955 (7,071 ) 2010 Aug-10     3-30   Bellerive  63  Los Angeles, CA   5,401 21,803 629 5,401 22,432 27,833 (3,412 ) 2011 Aug-11     3-30   Belmont Terrace  71  Belmont, CA   4,446 10,290 3,100 4,473 13,363 17,836 (4,706 ) 1974 Oct-06     3-30   Bennett Lofts  165  San Francisco, CA   21,771 50,800 24,463 28,371 68,663 97,034 (4,919 ) 2004 Dec-12     3-30   Bonita Cedars  120  Bonita, CA   2,496 9,913 1,985 2,503 11,891 14,394 (5,084 ) 1983 Dec-02     3-30   Boulevard   172  Fremont, CA   3,520 8,182 10,690 3,580 18,812 22,392 (12,518 ) 1978 Jan-96     3-30   Bridle Trails  108  Kirkland, WA   1,500 5,930 5,474 1,531 11,373 12,904 (6,483 ) 1986 Oct-97     3-30   Brighton Ridge  264  Renton, WA   2,623 10,800 4,070 2,656 14,837 17,493 (8,809 ) 1986 Dec-96     3-30   Bristol Commons  188  Sunnyvale, CA   5,278 11,853 4,993 5,293 16,831 22,124 (8,832 ) 1989 Jan-97     3-30   416 on Broadway  115  Glendale, CA   8,557 34,235 1,543 8,557 35,778 44,335 (5,115 ) 2009 Dec-10     3-30   Bunker Hill  456  Los Angeles, CA   11,498 27,871 21,173 11,639 48,903 60,542 (19,993 ) 1968 Mar-98     3-30   Cairns, The  100  Seattle, WA   6,937 20,679 967 6,939 21,644 28,583 (5,498 ) 2006 Jun-07     3-30   Camarillo Oaks  564  Camarillo, CA   10,953 25,254 3,984 11,075 29,116 40,191 (17,860 ) 1985 Jul-96     3-30   Canyon Pointe  250  Bothell, WA   4,692 18,288 5,099 4,693 23,386 28,079 (9,143 ) 1990 Oct-03     3-30   Capri at Sunny Hills   100  Fullerton, CA   3,337 13,320 8,060 4,048 20,669 24,717 (9,439 ) 1961 Sep-01     3-30   Castle Creek  216  Newcastle, WA   4,149 16,028 2,412 4,833 17,756 22,589 (10,781 ) 1997 Dec-97     3-30   CBC Apartments & The Sweeps  239  Goleta, CA   11,841 45,320 4,882 11,906 50,137 62,043 (17,174 ) 1962 Jan-06     3-30   CentrePointe  224  San Diego, CA   3,405 7,743 18,330 3,442 26,036 29,478 (9,454 ) 1974 Jun-97     3-30   Cedar Terrace  180  Bellevue, WA   5,543 16,442 4,297 5,652 20,630 26,282 (7,810 ) 1984 Jan-05     3-30   Chestnut Street  96  Santa Cruz, CA   6,582 15,689 1,083 6,582 16,772 23,354 (3,894 ) 2002 Jul-08     3-30   Commons, The  264  Campbell, CA   12,555 29,307 4,484 12,556 33,790 46,346 (5,920 ) 1973 Jul-10     3-30   Corbella at Juanita Bay  169  Kirkland, WA   5,801 17,415 2,008 5,801 19,423 25,224 (2,819 ) 1978 Nov-10     3-30   Country Villas  180  Oceanside, CA   4,174 16,583 2,954 4,187 19,524 23,711 (8,457 ) 1976 Dec-02     3-30   Delano/Bon Terra  126  Redmond, WA   7,470 22,511 911 7,470 23,422 30,892 (2,419 ) 2005 Dec-11     3-30   Devonshire  276  Hemet, CA   3,470 13,786 2,748 3,482 16,522 20,004 (7,166 ) 1988 Dec-02     3-30   Domain  379  San Diego, CA   23,848 95,394 390 23,848 95,784 119,632 (3,616 ) 2013 Nov-13     3-30   Emerald Ridge  180  Bellevue, WA   3,449 7,801 3,220 3,449 11,021 14,470 (7,768 ) 1987 Nov-94     3-30   Essex Skyline at MacArthur Place  349  Santa Ana, CA   21,537 146,099 1,846 21,537 147,945 169,482 (13,566 ) 2008 Apr-12     3-30   Evergreen Heights  200  Kirkland, WA   3,566 13,395 4,426 3,649 17,738 21,387 (10,019 ) 1990 Jun-97     3-30 F- 58 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)             Costs                       Initial cost capitalized Gross amount carried at close of period                   Buildings and subsequent to Land and Buildings and   Accumulated Date of Date Lives Property Units Location Encumbrance Land improvements acquisition improvements improvements Total (1) depreciation construction acquired (years)   Fairways (4)  74  Newport Beach, CA   — 7,850 6,107 9 13,948 13,957 (6,203 ) 1972 Jun-99     3-30   Foothill Commons  388  Bellevue, WA   2,435 9,821 35,126 2,440 44,942 47,382 (26,268 ) 1978 Mar-90     3-30   Foothill Gardens/Twin Creeks  176  San Ramon, CA   5,875 13,992 6,870 5,964 20,773 26,737 (11,064 ) 1985 Feb-97     3-30   Forest View  192  Renton, WA   3,731 14,530 1,530 3,731 16,060 19,791 (6,358 ) 1998 Oct-03     3-30   Fountain Court  320  Seattle, WA   6,702 27,306 9,252 6,585 36,675 43,260 (16,960 ) 2000 Mar-00     3-30   Fourth & U  171  Berkeley, CA   8,879 52,351 2,336 8,879 54,687 63,566 (9,859 ) 2010 Apr-10     3-30   Fox Plaza  443  San Francisco, CA   39,731 92,706 5,046 39,731 97,752 137,483 (6,255 ) 1968 Feb-13     3-30   Hillsborough Park  235  La Habra, CA   6,291 15,455 1,785 6,272 17,259 23,531 (8,882 ) 1999 Sep-99     3-30   Hillsdale Garden  697  San Mateo, CA   22,000 94,681 19,608 22,000 114,289 136,289 (33,598 ) 1948 Sep-06     3-30   Hope Ranch Collection  108  Santa Barbara, CA   4,078 16,877 2,461 4,208 19,208 23,416 (4,854 ) 1965 Mar-07     3-30   Joule   295  Seattle, WA   14,558 69,417 3,366 14,558 72,783 87,341 (13,492 ) 2010 Mar-10     3-30   1000 Kiely  121  Santa Clara, CA   9,359 21,845 5,773 9,359 27,618 36,977 (4,107 ) 1971 Mar-11     3-30   Kings Road  196  Los Angeles, CA   4,023 9,527 9,926 4,031 19,445 23,476 (9,944 ) 1979 Jun-97     3-30   Laurels at Mill Creek  164  Mill Creek, WA   1,559 6,430 5,237 1,595 11,631 13,226 (7,021 ) 1981 Dec-96     3-30   Le Parc Luxury Apartments   140  Santa Clara, CA   3,090 7,421 10,906 3,092 18,325 21,417 (11,312 ) 1975 Feb-94     3-30   Lofts at Pinehurst, The  118  Ventura, CA   1,570 3,912 4,463 1,618 8,327 9,945 (4,195 ) 1971 Jun-97     3-30   Marbrisa  202  Long Beach, CA   4,700 18,605 5,099 4,760 23,644 28,404 (9,508 ) 1987 Sep-02     3-30   Marina City Club (5)  101  Marina Del Rey, CA   — 28,167 22,885 — 51,052 51,052 (14,347 ) 1971 Jan-04     3-30   Marina Cove (6)  292  Santa Clara, CA   5,320 16,431 11,125 5,324 27,552 32,876 (16,710 ) 1974 Jun-94     3-30   Mariners Place  105  Oxnard, CA   1,555 6,103 2,079 1,562 8,175 9,737 (4,213 ) 1987 May-00     3-30   Meadowood  320  Simi Valley, CA   7,852 18,592 6,654 7,898 25,200 33,098 (14,710 ) 1986 Nov-96     3-30   Mesa Village  133  Clairemont, CA   1,888 7,498 1,177 1,894 8,669 10,563 (3,613 ) 1963 Dec-02     3-30   Mira Monte  355  Mira Mesa, CA   7,165 28,459 8,766 7,186 37,204 44,390 (17,380 ) 1982 Dec-02     3-30   Miracle Mile/Marbella   236  Los Angeles, CA   7,791 23,075 13,028 7,886 36,008 43,894 (19,131 ) 1988 Aug-97     3-30   Mission Hills  282  Oceanside, CA   10,099 38,778 4,446 10,167 43,156 53,323 (15,073 ) 1984 Jul-05     3-30   Monterra del Mar/Rey/Sol   292  Pasadena, CA   2,202 4,794 37,612 8,385 36,223 44,608 (14,718 ) 1972 Apr-99     3-30   Monterey Villas   122  Oxnard, CA   2,349 5,579 5,669 2,424 11,173 13,597 (5,739 ) 1974 Jul-97     3-30   Muse  152  North Hollywood, CA   7,822 33,436 1,748 7,823 35,183 43,006 (6,717 ) 2011 Feb-11     3-30   Park Catalina  90  Los Angeles, CA   4,710 18,839 1,781 4,710 20,620 25,330 (1,823 ) 2002 Jun-12     3-30   Park West  126  San Francisco, CA   9,424 21,988 4,701 9,424 26,689 36,113 (2,120 ) 1958 Sep-12     3-30   Pinehurst  (7)  28  Ventura, CA   355 1,356 481 6 2,186 2,192 (943 ) 1973 Dec-04     3-30   Pointe at Cupertino, The   116  Cupertino, CA   4,505 17,605 11,290 4,505 28,895 33,400 (10,003 ) 1963 Aug-98     3-30 F- 59 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)             Costs                       Initial cost capitalized Gross amount carried at close of period                   Buildings and subsequent to Land and Buildings and   Accumulated Date of Date Lives Property Units Location Encumbrance Land improvements acquisition improvements improvements Total (1) depreciation construction acquired (years)   Reed Square  100  Sunnyvale, CA   6,873 16,037 7,708 6,873 23,745 30,618 (2,853 ) 1970 Jan-12     3-30   Regency at Encino  75  Encino, CA   3,184 12,737 2,202 3,184 14,939 18,123 (3,151 ) 1989 Dec-09     3-30   Salmon Run at Perry Creek  132  Bothell, WA   3,717 11,483 1,430 3,801 12,829 16,630 (6,057 ) 2000 Oct-00     3-30   101 San Fernando  323  San Jose, CA   4,173 58,961 6,876 4,173 65,837 70,010 (10,762 ) 2001 Jul-10     3-30   Sammamish View  153  Bellevue, WA   3,324 7,501 6,035 3,331 13,529 16,860 (9,553 ) 1986 Nov-94     3-30   San Marcos   432  Richmond, CA   15,563 36,204 26,908 22,866 55,809 78,675 (21,628 ) 2003 Nov-03     3-30   Santee Court/Santee Village  238  Los Angeles, CA   9,581 40,317 2,726 9,582 43,042 52,624 (6,655 ) 2004 Oct-10     3-30   Shadow Point  172  Spring Valley, CA   2,812 11,170 1,950 2,820 13,112 15,932 (5,659 ) 1983 Dec-02     3-30   Slater 116  108  Kirkland, WA   7,379 22,138 322 7,379 22,460 29,839 (994 ) 2013 Sep-13     3-30   Summit Park  300  San Diego, CA   5,959 23,670 4,392 5,977 28,044 34,021 (11,974 ) 1972 Dec-02     3-30   The Grand  243  Oakland, CA   4,531 89,208 4,426 4,531 93,634 98,165 (21,286 ) 2009 Jan-09     3-30   Trabucco Villas  132  Lake Forest, CA   3,638 8,640 2,451 3,890 10,839 14,729 (6,013 ) 1985 Oct-97     3-30   Tuscana  30  Tracy, CA   2,828 6,599 165 2,870 6,722 9,592 (1,708 ) 2007 Feb-07     3-30   Via   284  Sunnyvale, CA   22,000 82,270 540 22,016 82,794 104,810 (11,895 ) 2011 Jul-11     3-30   Vista Belvedere  76  Tiburon, CA   5,573 11,901 5,861 5,573 17,762 23,335 (6,804 ) 1963 Aug-04     3-30   Vox  58  Seattle, WA   5,545 16,635 67 5,545 16,702 22,247 (674 ) 2013 Oct-13     3-30   Walnut Heights  163  Walnut, CA   4,858 19,168 3,645 4,887 22,784 27,671 (8,553 ) 1964 Oct-03     3-30   Wharfside Pointe  142  Seattle, WA   2,245 7,020 9,697 2,258 16,704 18,962 (8,780 ) 1990 Jun-94     3-30   Willow Lake  508  San Jose, CA   43,194 101,030 5,312 43,194 106,342 149,536 (8,351 ) 1989 Oct-12     3-30   Windsor Ridge  216  Sunnyvale, CA   4,017 10,315 14,104 4,021 24,415 28,436 (13,679 ) 1989 Mar-89     3-30   Woodland Commons  302  Bellevue, WA   2,040 8,727 19,311 2,044 28,034 30,078 (12,937 ) 1978 Mar-90     3-30   Woodside Village  145  Ventura, CA   5,331 21,036 3,384 5,341 24,410 29,751 (8,669 ) 1987 Dec-04     3-30  BRE acquired properties  5,438  Southern California   368,894 1,394,794 12,180 368,894 1,406,974 1,775,868 (39,591 ) 1964 - 2014 Apr-14     5-30  BRE acquired properties  3,265  Northern California   375,703 944,881 8,147 375,703 953,028 1,328,731 (27,762 ) 1992 - 2014 Apr-14     5-30  BRE acquired properties  1,710  Seattle Metro   80,464 373,710 1,958 80,464 375,668 456,132 (10,461 ) 1989 - 2013 Apr-14     5-30   46,739   — 1,540,006 5,192,199 585,858 1,562,973 5,755,090 7,318,063 (873,388 )                                   F- 60 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2014 (Dollars in thousands)              Costs                         Initial cost  capitalized   Gross amount carried at close of period            Square        Buildings and  subsequent  Land and  Buildings and    Accumulated Date of Date Lives Property  Footage Location Encumbrance  Land improvements to  acquisition  improvements improvements Total(1) depreciation construction acquired (years) Other real estate assets                            Hollywood  34,000  Los Angeles, CA   10,200 13,800 2,402 10,200 16,202 26,402 (5,262 ) 1938 Jul-06     3-30  Santa Clara Retail  138,915  Santa Clara, CA   6,472 11,704 4,586 6,472 16,290 22,762 (3,665 ) 1970 Sep-11     3-30  925/935 East Meadow Drive  39,600  Palo Alto, CA   1,401 3,172 8,758 3,547 9,784 13,331 (3,481 ) 1988 Nov-97     3-30  17461 Derian Ave  107,720  Irvine, CA   3,079 12,315 6,862 3,909 18,347 22,256 (11,322 ) 1983 Jul-00     3-30       — 21,152 40,991 22,608 24,128 60,623 84,751 (23,730 )                                   ESS Consolidated real estate under development   17,948 — 416,423 59,598 374,773 434,371 (2,454 )                                   Total 2,245,944 2,404,712 7,833,637 1,448,533 2,486,094 9,200,788 11,686,882 (1,564,806 )         (1)   The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes is approximately  $8.2 billion  (unaudited). (2)   The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2082. (3)   The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2070. (4)   The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2027. (5)   The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2067. (6)   A portion of land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring in 2028. (7)   The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring in 2028. A summary of activity for rental properties and accumulated depreciation is as follows:   2014   2013   2012   2014   2013   2012 Rental properties:           Accumulated depreciation:           Balance at beginning of year $ 5,443,757   $ 5,033,672   $ 4,313,064 Balance at beginning of year $ 1,254,886   $ 1,081,517   $ 920,026 Improvements 135,812   92,016   97,947 Depreciation expense - Acquisitions 121,426   6,203   3,744 Acquisition of real estate  (1) 5,685,884   344,476   619,743 Depreciation expense - Discontinued operations —   12,290   2,108 Development of real estate 19,751   14,111   25,545 Depreciation expense - Rental properties 199,495   168,092   161,492 Disposition of real estate (32,693 )   (40,518 )   (22,627 ) Dispositions (11,001 )   (13,216 )   (5,853 ) Balance at the end of year $ 11,252,511   $ 5,443,757   $ 5,033,672 Balance at the end of year $ 1,564,806   $ 1,254,886   $ 1,081,517 (1) Amount for 2014 includes  $5.2 billion  related to BRE merger. F- 61 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Palo Alto, State of California, on  March 2, 2015 .   ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC .       By:  /S/ MICHAEL T. DANCE   Michael T. Dance   Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer)       By:  /S/ JOHN FARIAS   John Farias   Group Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer       ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. By: Essex Property Trust, Inc., its general partner       By:  /S/ MICHAEL T. DANCE   Michael T. Dance   Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer)       By:  /S/ JOHN FARIAS   John Farias   Group Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer S- 1 Table of Contents KNOWN ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael J. Schall and Michael T. Dance, and each of them, his attorney-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of each Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.     Signature     Title     Date       /S/ MICHAEL J. SCHALL Michael J. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 2, 2015       /S/ KEITH R. GUERICKE Keith R. Guericke Director, and Vice Chairman of the Board   March 2, 2015       /S/ GEORGE M. MARCUS George M. Marcus Director and Chairman of the Board March 2, 2015       /S/ DAVID W. BRADY David W. Brady Director March 2, 2015       /S/ IRVING F. LYONS, III Irving F. Lyons, III Director March 2, 2015       /S/ GARY P. MARTIN Gary P. Martin Director March 2, 2015       /S/ ISSIE N. RABINOVITCH Issie N. Rabinovitch Director March 2, 2015       /S/ THOMAS E. RANDLETT Thomas E. Randlett Director March 2, 2015       /S/ THOMAS E. ROBINSON Thomas E. Robinson Director March 2, 2015       /S/ BYRON A. SCORDELIS Byron A. Scordelis Director March 2, 2015       /S/ JANICE L. SEARS Janice L. Sears Director March 2, 2015       /S/ THOMAS P. SULLIVAN Thomas P. Sullivan Director March 2, 2015       /S/ CLAUDE J. ZINNGRABE Claude J. Zinngrabe Director March 2, 2015 S- 2 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Document     2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 19, 2013, by and among Essex Property Trust, Inc., BRE Properties, Inc. and Bronco Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation, attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.     3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Essex Property Trust, Inc., attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 17, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.     3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Essex Property Trust, Inc., dated as of May 14, 2013, attached as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 17, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.     3.3 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Essex Portfolio, L.P. and amendments thereto, attached as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.1 Form of 7.125% Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 13, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.2 Indenture, dated August 15, 2012, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.625% Senior Notes due 2022 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 15, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.3 Indenture, dated April 15, 2013, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.25% Senior Notes due 2023 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 15, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.4 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Essex Property Trust, Inc., filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company’s Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed January 29, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.5  Indenture governing 5.500% Senior Notes due 2017, dated April 4, 2014, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 5.500% Senior Notes due 2017, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.6 Indenture governing 5.200% Senior Notes due 2021, dated April 4, 2014, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 5.200% Senior Notes due 2021, attached as Exhibit 4.2 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.7 Indenture governing 3.375% Senior Notes due 2023, dated April 4, 2014, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.375% Senior Notes due 2023, attached as Exhibit 4.3 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.8 Registration Rights Agreement related to the 5.500% Senior Notes due 2017, dated April 4, 2014, between Essex Portfolio, L.P. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, attached as Exhibit 4.7 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.9 Registration Rights Agreement related to the 5.200% Senior Notes due 2021, dated April 4, 2014, between Essex Portfolio, L.P. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, attached as Exhibit 4.8 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.10 Registration Rights Agreement related to the 3.375% Senior Notes due 2023, dated April 4, 2014, between Essex Portfolio, L.P. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, attached as Exhibit 4.9 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     4.11 Indenture, dated April 15, 2014, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.875% Senior Notes due 2024 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 16, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     Table of Contents 4.12 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 15, 2014, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as representatives of the several initial purchasers, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 16, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.      10.1 Agreement between Essex Property Trust, Inc. and George M. Marcus, dated March 27, 2003 attached as Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.2 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.3 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated) of Essex Portfolio, L.P., dated as of December 2, 2008, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 8, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Essex Property Trust, Inc. and its directors and officers, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 25, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.5 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2011, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc. and the purchasers of the notes party thereto (including the form of the 4.36% Senior Guaranteed Notes, due March 31, 2016), attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.†     10.6 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2011, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc. and the purchasers of the notes party thereto (including the forms of the 4.50% Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series A, due September 30,  2017, and the 4.92% Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series B, due December 30, 2019) , attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 5, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.†     10.7 Amended and Restated 2004 Non-Employee Director Equity Award Program, dated May 1, 2011, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.8 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2011, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and other lenders as specified therein, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.9 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2012, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., the Company and the purchasers of the notes party thereto (including the forms of the 4.27% Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series C, due April 30, 2021, the 4.30% Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series D, due June 29, 2021, and the 4.37% Senior Guaranteed Notes, Series E, due August 30, 2021), attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 20, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. †     10.10 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated May 31, 2012, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer and the other lenders party thereto, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.11 Modification Agreement, dated July 30, 2012, attached as Exhibit 10.2  to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.12 Amendment to Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2012, between the Company and George Marcus, attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.13 Essex Property Trust, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (as Amended and Restated effective March 12, 2013), attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 18, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.14 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated August 30, 2012, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer and the other lenders party thereto, attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.15 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated January 22, 2013, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer and the other lenders party thereto, attached as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. Table of Contents     10.16 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Compensation Plan, attached as Appendix B to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held May 14, 2013, filed April 1, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.17 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, attached as Appendix C to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held May 14, 2013, filed April 1, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.18 Forms of equity award agreements for officers under the 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Compensation Plan, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.19 Company’s Non-Employee Director Equity Award Program and forms of equity award agreements thereunder, attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.20 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Essex Portfolio, L.P., dated as of December 10, 2013, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 12, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.21 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2014, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer and the other lenders party thereto, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 31, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.22 Third Modification Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2014 by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent and Lender and the other lenders party thereto, attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 31, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.23 BRE Properties, Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (assumed by Essex Property Trust, Inc.), attached as Exhibit 99.1 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed April 1, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.24 BRE Properties, Inc. Fifth Amended and Restated Non-Employee Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (assumed by Essex Property Trust, Inc.), attached as Exhibit 99.2 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed April 1, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.*     10.25 Form of Equity Distribution Agreement between Essex Property Trust, Inc. and various entities, dated August 28, 2014, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 2, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.26 Form of Amended & Restated Equity Distribution Agreement between Essex Property Trust, Inc. and various entities, dated August 28, 2014, attached as Exhibit 10.2  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 2, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.     10.27 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2015, by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer and other lenders party thereto.     10.28 Forms of Essex Property Trust, Inc., Essex Portfolio L.P., Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreements.*     12.1 Schedule of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends.     14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, attached as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.     21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Essex Property Trust, Inc and Essex Portfolio, L.P.     23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.     23.2 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.     24.1 Power of Attorney (see signature page)     31.1 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     31.2 Certification of Michael T. Dance, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     Table of Contents 31.3 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     31.4 Certification of Michael T. Dance, Principal Financial Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     32.1 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     32.2 Certification of Michael T. Dance, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     32.3 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     32.4 Certification of Michael T. Dance, Principal Financial Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     101.INS XBRL Instance Document     101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document     101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document     101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document     101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. † The schedules and certain exhibits to this agreement, as set forth in the agreement, have not been filed herewith.  The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 	 
 
 
 
