
 10-K
 1
 tmk201710-kdocument.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2017   OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from                                to                               Commission file number: 001-08052 TORCHMARK CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware   63-0780404 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)     3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, TX   75070 (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) 972-569-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) None (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class   CUSIP   Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share   891027104   New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:     None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.              Yes   x       No    ¨      Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  Yes  ¨         No  x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.        Yes   x       No  ¨     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x      No   ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company”, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer   ý    Accelerated filer   ¨ Non-accelerated filer   ¨  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)    Smaller reporting company   ¨         Emerging growth company   ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   ¨     No    x As of June 30,  2017 , the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was  $8,893,792,769  based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class    Outstanding at February 16, 2018 Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share    114,081,876 shares DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Document    Parts Into Which Incorporated Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 26, 2018 (Proxy Statement)    Part III TORCHMARK CORPORATION Table of Contents          Page         PART I.                 Item 1. Business 1           Item 1A. Risk Factors 6           Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 12           Item 2. Properties 12           Item 3. Legal Proceedings 12           Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 12         PART II.                 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 13           Item 6. Selected Financial Data 15           Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 16           Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 49           Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50     Consolidated Balance Sheets 52     Consolidated Statements of Operations 53     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 54     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 55     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 56     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 57     Note 1- Significant Accounting Policies 57     Note 2- Statutory Accounting 67     Note 3- Supplemental Information About Changes to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 68     Note 4- Investments 70     Note 5- Deferred Acquisition Costs 80     Note 6- Discontinued Operations 81     Note 7- Liability for Unpaid Claims 82     Note 8- Income Taxes 84     Note 9- Postretirement Benefits 87     Note 10-Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 94     Note 11- Debt 95     Note 12- Shareholders' Equity 97     Note 13- Stock-Based Compensation 98     Note 14- Business Segments 103     Note 15- Commitments and Contingencies 110     Note 16- Selected Quarterly Data 112   Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 113           Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 113           Item 9B. Other Information 113         PART III.                 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 116           Item 11. Executive Compensation 116           Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 116           Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 116           Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 116         PART IV.                 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 117 Table of Contents PART I Item 1.  Business   Torchmark Corporation (Torchmark) is an insurance holding company incorporated in Delaware in 1979. Its primary subsidiaries are American Income Life Insurance Company (American Income), Liberty National Life Insurance Company (Liberty National), Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company (Globe), United American Insurance Company (United American), and Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America (Family Heritage). Torchmark’s website is: www.torchmarkcorp.com. Torchmark makes available free of charge through its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Other information included in Torchmark's website is not incorporated into this filing.   The following table presents Torchmark’s business by primary marketing distribution method.      Primary Distribution Method   Company   Products and Target Markets   Distribution     American Income Exclusive Agency   American Income Life Insurance Company Waco, Texas   Individual life and supplemental health insurance marketed to working families.   6,880 producing agents in the U.S., Canada, and New Zealand. Globe Life Direct Response   Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company McKinney, Texas   Individual life and supplemental health insurance including juvenile and senior life coverage and Medicare Supplement to middle-income Americans.   Nationwide distribution through direct-to-consumer channels; including direct mail, electronic media and insert media. Family Heritage Exclusive Agency   Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America Cleveland, Ohio   Supplemental limited-benefit health insurance to middle-income families.   1,076 producing agents in the U.S. Liberty National Exclusive Agency   Liberty National Life Insurance Company McKinney, Texas   Individual life and supplemental health insurance marketed to middle-income families.   2,106 producing agents in the U.S. United American Independent Agency   United American Insurance Company McKinney, Texas   Medicare Supplement coverage to Medicare beneficiaries and, to a lesser extent, supplemental limited-benefit health coverage to people under age 65.   4,192 independent producing agents in the U.S.   Additional information concerning industry segments may be found in  Management’s Discussion and Analysis  and in  Note 14—Business Segments  in the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 1 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Insurance   Life Insurance   Torchmark’s insurance subsidiaries write a variety of nonparticipating ordinary life insurance products. These include traditional and interest sensitive whole-life insurance, term life insurance, and other life insurance. The following table presents selected information about Torchmark’s life products.     Annualized Premium in Force (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount     % of Total Whole life:                 Traditional $ 1,567,077   66   $ 1,471,054   65   $ 1,378,290   64 Interest-sensitive 44,286   2   47,358   2   50,808   2 Term 664,558   28   657,797   29   642,599   30 Other 97,178   4   86,527   4   78,801   4   $ 2,373,099   100   $ 2,262,736   100   $ 2,150,498   100   The distribution methods for life insurance products include direct response, exclusive agents and independent agents. These methods are described in more depth in the Distribution Method chart earlier in this report. The following table presents life annualized premium in force by distribution method.   Annualized Premium in Force (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015 Globe Life Direct Response $ 796,628   $ 782,222   $ 757,518 Exclusive agents:           American Income 1,059,216   966,990   880,021 Liberty National 295,235   288,005   284,597 Independent agents:           United American 12,121   13,292   14,488 Other 209,899   212,227   213,874   $ 2,373,099   $ 2,262,736   $ 2,150,498   Health Insurance   Torchmark offers Medicare Supplement and limited-benefit supplemental health insurance products that include primarily critical illness and accident plans. These policies are designed to supplement health coverage that applicants already own. Medicare Supplements are offered to enrollees in the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program. Medicare Supplement plans are standardized by federal regulation and are designed to pay deductibles and co-payments not paid by Medicare.  On July 1, 2016, Torchmark sold its Medicare Part D business to an unaffiliated third party. Torchmark decided to exit its Medicare Part D business due to increasing risks, declining margins, higher drug costs, and increased administrative and compliance costs. Management believes this sale allows the Company to better focus on its core protection life and health insurance businesses. As the historical results for the Medicare Part D business are accounted for as discontinued operations, all business results and relevant forward looking statements of the Company are reported as continuing operations, excluding the Medicare Part D business.  For further discussion of the disposition of the Medicare Part D business, see  Note 6—Discontinued Operations . 2 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents The following table presents supplemental health annualized premium in force information for the three years ended  December 31, 2017  by product category.   Annualized Premium in Force (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount     % of Total Medicare Supplement $ 495,982   49   $ 502,691   51   $ 498,696   51 Limited-benefit plans 522,038   51   495,943   49   474,346   49 $ 1,018,020   100   $ 998,634   100   $ 973,042   100   The following table presents supplemental health annualized premium in force for the three years ended  December 31, 2017  by distribution method.     Annualized Premium in Force (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015 Direct Response $ 76,672   $ 74,261   $ 72,423 Exclusive agents:           Liberty National 205,136   210,260   216,139 American Income 84,775   78,947   74,058 Family Heritage 268,584   249,857   234,120 Independent agents:           United American 382,853   385,309   376,302   $ 1,018,020   $ 998,634   $ 973,042   Annuities   Annuity products include single-premium and flexible-premium deferred annuities. Annuities in each of the three years ended  December 31, 2017  comprised less than 1% of premium.   Pricing   Premium rates for life and health insurance products are established using assumptions as to future mortality, morbidity, persistency, investment income, expenses, and target profit margins. These assumptions are based on Company experience and projected investment earnings. Revenues for individual life and health insurance products are primarily derived from premium income, and, to a lesser extent, through policy charges to the policyholder account values on annuity products and certain individual life products. Profitability is affected to the extent actual experience deviates from the assumptions made in pricing and to the extent investment income varies from that required for policy reserves.   Collections for annuity products and certain life products are not recognized as revenues, but are added to policyholder account values. Revenues from these products are derived from charges to the account balances for insurance risk and administrative costs. Profits are earned to the extent these revenues exceed actual costs. Profits are also earned from investment income in excess of the amounts credited to policyholder accounts. Underwriting   The underwriting standards of each Torchmark insurance subsidiary are established by management. Each subsidiary uses information from the application and, in some cases, telephone interviews with applicants, inspection reports, pharmacy data, doctors’ statements and/or medical examinations to determine whether a policy should be issued in accordance with the application, with a different rating, with a rider, with reduced coverage or rejected.   3 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Reserves   The life insurance policy reserves reflected in Torchmark’s financial statements as future policy benefits are calculated based on accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). These reserves, with premiums to be received in the future and the interest thereon compounded annually at assumed rates, must be sufficient to cover policy and contract obligations as they mature. Generally, the mortality and persistency assumptions used in the calculations of reserves are based on Company experience. Similar reserves are held on most of the health policies written by Torchmark’s insurance subsidiaries, since these policies generally are issued on a guaranteed-renewable basis. The assumptions used in the calculation of Torchmark’s reserves are reported in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies .  Reserves for annuity products and certain life products consist of the policyholders’ account values and are increased by policyholder deposits and interest credited and are decreased by policy charges and benefit payments.   Investments   The nature, quality, and percentage mix of insurance company investments are regulated by state laws. The investments of Torchmark insurance subsidiaries consist predominantly of high-quality, investment-grade securities. Approximately  96%  of our invested assets at fair value are fixed maturities at  December 31, 2017 . ( See   Note 4—Investments  and  Management’s Discussion and Analysis . )   Competition   Torchmark competes with other insurance carriers through policyholder service, price, product design, and sales efforts. While there are insurance companies competing with Torchmark, no individual company dominates any of Torchmark’s life or health markets.   Torchmark’s health insurance products compete with, in addition to the products of other health insurance carriers, health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, and other health care-related institutions which provide medical benefits based on contractual agreements.   Management believes Torchmark companies operate at lower policy acquisition and administrative expense levels than peer companies. This allows Torchmark to have competitive rates while maintaining higher underwriting margins.   Regulation   Insurance.   Insurance companies are subject to regulation and supervision in the states in which they do business. The laws of the various states establish agencies with broad administrative and supervisory powers which include, among other things, granting and revoking licenses to transact business, regulating trade practices, licensing agents, approving policy forms, approving certain premium rates, setting minimum reserve and loss ratio requirements, determining the form and content of required financial statements, and prescribing the type and amount of investments permitted. They are also required to file detailed annual reports with supervisory agencies, and records of their business are subject to examination at any time. Under the rules of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), insurance companies are examined periodically by one or more of the supervisory agencies. Risk Based Capital.   The NAIC requires that a risk based capital formula be applied to all life and health insurers. The risk based capital formula is a threshold formula rather than a target capital formula. It is designed only to identify companies that require regulatory attention and is not to be used to rate or rank companies that are adequately capitalized. All Torchmark insurance subsidiaries are more than adequately capitalized under the risk based capital formula.   Guaranty Assessments.   State guaranty laws provide for assessments from insurance companies to be placed into a fund which is used, in the event of failure or insolvency of an insurance company, to fulfill the obligations of that company to its policyholders. The amount which a company is assessed is based on its proportional share of the premium in each state. A significant portion of assessments are recoverable as offsets against state premium taxes. (See  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies   for current assessment .)   Holding Company.   States have enacted legislation requiring registration and periodic reporting by insurance companies domiciled within their respective jurisdictions that control or are controlled by other corporations so as to  4 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents constitute a holding company system. Torchmark and its subsidiaries have registered as a holding company system pursuant to such legislation in Indiana, Nebraska, Ohio, and New York. Insurance holding company system statutes and regulations impose various limitations on investments in subsidiaries, and may require prior regulatory approval for material transactions between insurers and affiliates and for the payment of certain dividends and other distributions.   Personnel   At the end of  2017 , Torchmark had 3,102 employees. 5 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Item 1A.  Risk Factors   Risks Related to Our Business   Product Marketplace and Operational Risks:   The insurance industry is a regulated industry, populated by many public and private companies. We operate in the life and health insurance sectors of the industry, each of which has its own set of risks.   The development and maintenance of our various distribution systems are critical to growth in product sales and profits.  Development and retention of producing agents are critical to support sales growth in this market because our insurance sales are primarily made to individuals rather than groups and the face amounts of the life insurance policies sold are typically lower than those of policies sold in higher-income markets. Compensation that is competitive with other career opportunities and motivates producing agents to increase sales is also critical. In Globe Life Direct Response, continuous development of new methods of reaching the consumer and cost efficiency are key. Less than optimum execution of these strategies may result in reduced sales and profits.   Economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.  We primarily serve the middle-income market for individual protection life and health insurance and, as a result, we compete directly with alternative uses of a customer’s disposable income. If disposable income within this demographic group declines or the use of disposable income becomes more limited as a result of a significant, sustained economic downturn or otherwise, then new sales of our insurance products could become more challenging, and our policyholders may choose to defer or stop payment of insurance premiums altogether. Economic conditions could also impact our investment portfolio as discussed under  Investment Risks  below.   Variations in expected-to-actual rates of mortality, morbidity and persistency could materially negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.  We establish policy reserves to pay future policyholder benefits and claims. These reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but rather are actuarial estimates based on models that include many assumptions and projections which are inherently uncertain. The reserve computations involve the exercise of significant judgment with respect to levels of mortality, morbidity and persistency, as well as the timing of premium and benefit payments. Even though our actuaries continually test expected-to-actual results, actual levels that occur may differ significantly from the levels assumed when premium rates were first set. Accordingly, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts of claims or benefits that we will pay or the timing of such payments. Significant adverse variations from the levels assumed when policy reserves are first set could result in increased policy obligations and negatively affect our profit margins and income.   A ratings downgrade or other negative action by a rating agency could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Various rating agencies review the financial performance and condition of insurers, including our insurance subsidiaries, and publish their financial strength ratings as indicators of an insurer’s ability to meet policyholder and contract holder obligations. These ratings are important to maintaining public confidence in our insurance products. A downgrade or other negative action by a rating agency with respect to the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could negatively affect us in many ways, including: limiting or restricting the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to us and adversely affecting our ability to sell insurance products through our independent agencies.   Rating agencies also publish credit ratings for us. Credit ratings are indicators of a debt issuer’s ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. These ratings are important to our overall ability to access certain types of capital. Actual or anticipated downgrades in our credit ratings, or an announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could potentially have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations by limiting our access to capital markets, increasing the cost of debt, or impairing our ability to raise capital to refinance maturing debt obligations, thereby potentially limiting our capacity to support growth at our insurance subsidiaries or making it more difficult to maintain or improve the current financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. Ratings reflect only the rating agency’s views and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. Rating agencies assign ratings based upon several factors. While most of the factors relate to the rated company, some of the factors relate to the views of the rating agency, general economic conditions and circumstances outside the rated company’s control. In addition, rating agencies use various models and formulas to assess the strength of a rated company, and from time to time rating agencies have, in their discretion, altered the models. Changes to the models  6 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents could impact the rating agencies’ judgment of the rating to be assigned to the rated company. There can be no assurance that our current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies. We cannot predict what actions the rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of the rating agencies which could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.   Life Insurance Marketplace Risk: Our life products are sold in selected niche markets. We are at risk should any of these markets diminish.  We have several life distribution channels that focus on distinct market niches, two of which are labor unions and sales via Globe Life Direct Response solicitation. Deterioration of our relationships with organized labor or adverse changes in the public’s receptivity to direct response marketing initiatives could negatively affect our life insurance business.   Health Insurance Marketplace Risks: The health insurance market is subject to substantial regulatory scrutiny.  Regulatory changes could impact our Medicare Supplement and other supplemental health businesses. The nature and timing of any such changes cannot be predicted and could have a material adverse effect on our health insurance business.   Competition in the health insurance market can be significant.  Sales of our health insurance products are subject to competition from other health insurance companies and alternative healthcare providers, such as those that provide alternatives to traditional Medicare to seniors. In addition, some insurers may be willing to significantly reduce their profit margins or under price new sales in order to gain market share. We choose not to compete for market share based on these terms. Accordingly, changes in the competitive landscape, including the pricing strategies employed by our competitors, could negatively impact the future sales of our health insurance products.   Obtaining timely and appropriate premium rate increases for certain health insurance policies is critical.  A significant percentage of the health insurance premiums that our insurance subsidiaries earn is from Medicare Supplement insurance. Medicare Supplement insurance, including conditions under which the premiums for such policies may be increased, is highly regulated at both the state and federal level. As a result, it is characterized by lower profit margins than life insurance and requires strict administrative discipline and economies of scale for success. Because Medicare Supplement policies are coordinated with the federal Medicare program, which experiences health care inflation every year, annual premium rate increases for the Medicare Supplement policies are typically necessary. Obtaining timely rate increases is of critical importance to our success in this market. Accordingly, the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to obtain approval of premium rate increases in a timely manner from state insurance regulatory authorities in the future could adversely impact their profitability and thus our business, financial condition and results of operations. Information Security and Technology Risks:   The failure to maintain effective and efficient information systems at the Company could compromise secure data thereby adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.   Our business operations are highly dependent upon information technology systems to provide efficient and resilient business operations. Malicious actors, employee errors or disasters affecting these information systems could impair our business operations, regulatory compliance and financial condition. To the extent our information systems may be breached by malicious actors, employee malfeasance or technological attacks, an attacker could circumvent security measures in order to access, alter or delete customer or proprietary information from our systems or to render our systems unavailable for business use. Additionally, we may not become aware of sophisticated cyber attacks for some time after they occur, thereby increasing the Company's exposure. We may have to incur significant costs to address or remediate interruptions, threats and vulnerabilities in our information and technology systems and to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements related thereto. These risks are heightened as the frequency and sophistication of cyber-attacks increase. Employee errors in the handling of our information or technology systems may inadvertently result in unauthorized access to customer or proprietary information, or an inability to use our information technology systems to efficiently support business operations. 7 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Additionally, we anticipate more frequent and sophisticated cyber-attacks along with more impactful regulatory oversight models. In addition, an increasing number of states require that customers be notified of unauthorized access, use or disclosure of their confidential information. Any such breach of confidential information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter potential customers from purchasing our products, result in the loss of existing customers, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability, or require us to incur significant technical, legal or other expenses. In the event of a disaster, such as a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, a blackout, or a terrorist attack or war, our computer systems may be inaccessible to our employees, agents or customers for a period of time.  A disaster or natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, terrorist attack or war may make our information systems unavailable to support business operations for a period of time, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Even if our employees are able to report to work, they may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled or destroyed and existing contingency plans cannot function as designed. Reputational Risk:   Damage to the reputation of Torchmark or its subsidiaries could affect our ability to conduct business.  Negative publicity through traditional media, internet, social media and other public forums could damage our reputation and adversely impact our agent recruiting efforts, the ability to market our products and the persistency of our block of inforce policies. As discussed above in  Information Security and Technology Risks , the Company could be subjected to adverse publicity as a result of a significant security breach. Investment Risks:   Our investments are subject to market and credit risks. Significant downgrades, delinquencies and defaults in our investment portfolio could potentially result in lower net investment income and increased realized and unrealized investment losses.  Our invested assets are subject to the customary risks of defaults, downgrades and changes in market values. Our investment portfolio consists predominately of fixed maturity and short-term investments issued by corporations, where we are exposed to the risk that individual corporate issuers will not have the ability to make required interest or principal payments on an investment. The concentration of these investments in any particular issuer, industry, group of related industries or geographic areas increases this risk. Factors that may affect both market and credit risks include interest rate levels (consisting of both treasury rate and credit spread), financial market performance, disruptions in credit markets, general economic conditions, legislative changes, particular circumstances affecting the businesses or industries of each issuer and other factors beyond our control.  Additionally, as the majority of our investments are longer-term fixed maturities that we typically hold until maturity, significant increases in interest rates or inactive markets associated with market downturns could cause a material temporary decline in the fair value of our fixed investment portfolio, even with regard to performing assets. These declines could cause a material increase in unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. Significant unrealized losses can substantially reduce our capital position and shareholders’ equity. It is possible that our investment in certain of these securities with unrealized losses may experience a default event and that a portion or all of that unrealized loss may not be recoverable. In that case, the unrealized loss will be realized, at which point we would take an impairment charge, reducing our net income.   We cannot be assured that any particular issuer, regardless of industry, will be able to make required interest and principal payments on a timely basis or at all. Significant downgrades of issuers could negatively impact our risk-based capital ratios, leading to potential downgrades by our rating agencies, potential reduction in future dividend capacity, and/or higher financing costs at the holding company should additional statutory capital be required.   Changes in interest rates could negatively affect income.  Declines in interest rates expose insurance companies to the risk that they will fail to earn the level of interest on investments assumed in pricing products and in setting discount rates used to calculate the net policy liabilities. While we attempt to manage our investments to earn an excess investment income spread, we can give no assurance that a significant and persistent decline in interest rates will not materially affect such spreads. Significant decreases in interest rates could result in calls by issuers of investments, where such features are available to issuers. These calls could result in a decline in our investment income, as reinvestment of the proceeds would likely be at lower rates. 8 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Increases in interest rates could cause the fair value of securities within our bond portfolio to decline. A rise in interest rates could also result in certain policyholders surrendering their annuity policies for cash thereby potentially requiring our insurance subsidiaries to liquidate bonds if other sources of liquidity are not available to meet their obligations. In such a case, realized losses could result from such sales and could adversely affect our statutory income and results of operations. Liquidity Risks:   Our ability to fund operations is substantially dependent on funds available, primarily dividends, from our insurance subsidiaries.  As a holding company with no direct operations, our principal asset is the capital stock of our insurance subsidiaries, which periodically declare and distribute dividends on their capital stock. Moreover, our liquidity, including our ability to pay our operating expenses and to make principal and interest payments on debt securities or other indebtedness owed by us, as well as our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or any preferred stock, depends significantly upon the surplus and earnings of our insurance subsidiaries and the ability of these subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us. Other sources of liquidity include a variety of short-term and long-term instruments, including our credit facility, commercial paper, long-term debt, intercompany financing and reinsurance.  The principal sources of our insurance subsidiaries’ liquidity are insurance premiums, as well as investment income, maturities, repayments and other cash flow from our investment portfolio. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to various state statutory and regulatory restrictions applicable to insurance companies that limit the amount of cash dividends, loans and advances that those subsidiaries may pay to us, including laws establishing minimum solvency and liquidity thresholds. For example, in the states where our companies are domiciled, an insurance company generally may pay dividends only out of its unassigned surplus as reflected in its statutory financial statements filed in that state. Additionally, dividends paid by insurance subsidiaries  are restricted based on regulations by their states of domicile . Accordingly, impairments in assets or a disruption in our insurance subsidiaries’ operations that reduces their capital or cash flow could limit or disallow payment of dividends to us, a principal source of our cash flow.   We can give no assurance that more stringent restrictions will not be adopted from time to time by states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, which could, under certain circumstances, significantly reduce dividends or other amounts paid to us by our subsidiaries. Although we do not anticipate changes, changes in laws or regulations could constrain the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us in sufficient amounts and at times necessary to meet our debt obligations and corporate expenses. Additionally, if our insurance subsidiaries were unable to obtain approval of our health premium rate increases in a timely manner from state insurance regulatory authorities, their profitability, and their ability to declare and distribute dividends to us could be negatively impacted. Limitations on the flow of dividends from our subsidiaries could limit our ability to service and repay debt or to pay dividends on our capital stock. Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs or access capital, as well as affect our cost of capital.  Should interest rates rise in the future, the interest rate on any new debt obligation we may issue could increase and our net income could be reduced. In addition, if the credit and capital markets were to experience significant disruption, uncertainty and instability, these conditions could adversely affect our access to capital. Such market conditions may limit our ability to replace maturing liabilities (in a timely manner or at all) and/or access the capital necessary to grow our business.   In the unlikely event that current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek additional financing or raise capital. The availability and cost of additional financing or capital will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit or capital, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the insurance industry and our credit ratings and credit capacity. Additionally, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our financial prospects if we were to incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity were to decrease due to a market downturn. Our access to funds may also be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. If our internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue shorter term securities than we prefer or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. As a result, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially negatively affected. 9 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Regulatory Risks:   Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and growth.  Insurance companies, including our insurance subsidiaries, are subject to extensive supervision and regulation in the states in which they do business. The primary purpose of this supervision and regulation is the protection of our policyholders, not our investors. State agencies have broad administrative power over numerous aspects of our business, including premium rates and other terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance policies offered by our insurance subsidiaries, marketing practices, advertising, licensing of agents, policy forms, capital adequacy, solvency, reserves and permitted investments. Also, regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or initiate procedures to revoke licenses or approvals. The insurance laws, regulations and policies currently affecting Torchmark and its insurance subsidiaries may change at any time, possibly having an adverse effect on our business. Should these regulatory changes occur, we may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals, and our business may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority’s interpretation of such laws and regulations, which may change from time to time. If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities and/or impose substantial fines.   We cannot predict the timing or substance of any future regulatory initiatives. In recent years, there has been increased scrutiny of insurance companies, including our insurance subsidiaries, by insurance regulatory authorities, which has included more extensive examinations and more detailed review of disclosure documents. These regulatory authorities may bring regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in their view, our practices, or those of our agents or employees, are improper. Such actions could result in substantial fines, penalties and/or prohibitions or restrictions on our business activities, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may cause us to change our views regarding the actions that we need to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective, thus necessitating changes to our practices that may, in some cases, limit our ability to grow, impact regulatory capital requirements, or otherwise negatively impact our profitability.   Currently, the U.S. federal government does not directly regulate the business of insurance. However, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Record and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO), charged with monitoring systemic risk exposure in the insurance industry, and a Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC), which serves to identify and respond to risks and emerging threats to U.S. financial systems. A Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight (CCIIO), established under the Department of Health and Human Services, is charged with overseeing implementation of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The creation of these insurance regulatory offices may indicate that the federal government intends to play a larger role in the direct oversight or regulation of the insurance industry. We cannot predict what impact, if any, the ongoing operations of the FIO, FSOC and CCIIO, as well as any other proposals or executive action for federal oversight or regulation of insurance could have on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Changes in U.S. federal income tax law could increase our tax costs or negatively impact our insurance subsidiaries' capital.  Changes to the Internal Revenue Code, administrative rulings, or court decisions affecting the insurance industry, including the products insurers offer, could increase our effective tax rate and lower our net income, adversely impact our insurance subsidiaries' capital, or limit the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to sell certain of their products.   Changes in accounting standards issued by accounting standard-setting bodies may affect our financial statements, reduce our reported profitability and change the timing of profit recognition.  Our financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP and accounting practices as promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners’ statutory accounting practices (NAIC SAP), which principles are periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or guidance issued by recognized authoritative bodies. It is possible that future accounting standards that we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, standard setters have a full agenda of unissued topics under review at any given time, many of which have the potential to negatively impact our profitability. 10 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Non-compliance with restrictions on customer and consumer privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that our business associates who obtain access to sensitive customer and consumer information maintain its confidentiality, could materially adversely affect our reputation and business operations.  The collection, maintenance, use, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by our insurance subsidiaries are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. These laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. Various state laws address the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data to the extent they are more restrictive than those contained in the privacy and security provisions in the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLBA), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). HIPAA also requires that we impose privacy and security requirements on our business associates (as that term is defined in the HIPAA regulations). Noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, whether by us or by one of our business associates, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations and could include material fines and penalties, various forms of damages, consent orders regarding our privacy and security practices, adverse actions against our licenses to do business and injunctive relief.   Litigation Risk:   Litigation could result in substantial judgments against us or our subsidiaries.  We are, and in the future may be, subject to litigation in the ordinary course of business. Some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes of complainants, and, in certain of these matters, the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages. Members of our management and legal teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. However, the outcome of any such litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. A number of civil jury verdicts have been returned against insurers in the jurisdictions in which our insurance subsidiaries do business involving the insurers’ sales practices, alleged agent misconduct, failure to properly supervise agents and other matters. These lawsuits have resulted in the award of substantial judgments against insurers that are disproportionate to the actual damages, including material amounts of punitive damages. In some states in which we operate, juries have substantial discretion in awarding punitive damages. This discretion creates the potential for unpredictable material adverse judgments in any given punitive damages suit.   Our pending and future litigation could adversely affect us because of the costs of defending these cases, the costs of settlement or judgments against us, or changes in our operations that could result from litigation. Substantial legal liability in these or future legal actions could also have a material adverse financial effect or cause significant harm to our reputation, which, in turn, could materially harm our business and our business prospects. Actual or alleged misclassification of independent contractors at our insurance subsidiaries could result in adverse legal, tax or financial consequences.  A significant portion of our sales agents are independent contractors. Although we believe we have properly classified such individuals, a risk nevertheless exists that a court, the IRS or other authority will take the position that those sales agents are employees. The laws and regulations that govern the status and classification of workers are subject to change and differing interpretations, which we cannot predict. If there is an adverse determination regarding the classification of some or all of the independent contractors at our insurance subsidiaries by a court or governmental agency, we could incur significant costs with respect to payroll tax liabilities, employee benefits, wage payments, fines, judgments and/or legal settlements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any resulting reclassification could necessitate significant changes in our affected insurance subsidiaries’ business models.  Catastrophic Event Risk:   Our business is subject to the risk of the occurrence of catastrophic events.  Our insurance policies are issued to and held by a large number of policyholders throughout the United States in relatively low-face amounts. Accordingly, it is unlikely that a large portion of our policyholder base would be affected by a single natural disaster. However, our insurance operations could be exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality or morbidity caused by events such as a pandemic, hurricane, earthquake, or man-made catastrophes, including acts of terrorism or war, which may produce significant claims in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. Claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition.   11 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments   As of  December 31, 2017 , Torchmark had no unresolved staff comments.   Item 2.  Properties   Torchmark, through its subsidiaries, owns or leases buildings that are used in the normal course of business. Torchmark owns and occupies a 300,000 square foot facility in McKinney, Texas. This facility is Torchmark’s corporate headquarters and also houses the operations of a subsidiary, United American, as well as many operations of other subsidiaries. In addition, United American leases 5,000 square feet of space in Omaha, Nebraska and, through a subsidiary, leases 3,230 square feet of office space in Syracuse, New York.   Liberty National, also in McKinney, Texas, leases a 24,000 square foot facility in Hoover, Alabama (a Birmingham suburb). An 8,000 square foot facility is leased for storage in Pelham, Alabama.   Globe leases 34,000 square feet of office area in the Cotter Tower building located in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Globe also leases 11,000 square feet at a nearby facility used for storage. Globe Marketing Services, a subsidiary of Globe, owns a 133,000 square foot facility in Oklahoma City which houses the Globe Life Direct Response operation.   American Income owns and occupies two buildings located in Waco, Texas: 70,000 square foot building for corporate operations and a 43,000 square foot printing facility. American Income also leases 10,800 square feet in a building across the street from the main office building. American Income also leases office space throughout the United States to support its marketing operations.   Family Heritage owns 50% of a partnership that owns a 66,000 square foot building in Broadview Heights, Ohio (a suburb of Cleveland), serving as Family Heritage’s headquarters. The partnership also leases a portion of the building to unrelated tenants. Item 3.  Legal Proceedings   Torchmark and its subsidiaries, in common with the insurance industry in general, are subject to litigation, including claims involving tax matters, alleged breaches of contract, torts, including bad faith and fraud claims based on alleged wrongful or fraudulent acts of agents of Torchmark’s subsidiaries, employment discrimination, and miscellaneous other causes of action. Based upon information presently available, and in light of legal and other factual defenses available to Torchmark and its subsidiaries, management does not believe that such litigation will have a material adverse effect on Torchmark’s financial condition, future operating results or liquidity; however, assessing the eventual outcome of litigation necessarily involves forward-looking speculation as to judgments to be made by judges, juries and appellate courts in the future. This bespeaks caution, particularly in states with reputations for high punitive damage verdicts. Torchmark’s management recognizes that large punitive damage awards bearing little or no relation to actual damages continue to be awarded by juries in jurisdictions in which Torchmark and its subsidiaries have substantial business, creating the potential for unpredictable material adverse judgments in any given punitive damage suit.  See further discussion of litigation and unclaimed property audits in  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies . Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.   Not Applicable. 12 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents PART II Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters The principal market in which Torchmark’s common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange. There were 2,662 shareholders of record on  December 31, 2017 , excluding shareholder accounts held in nominee form. The market prices and cash dividends paid by calendar quarter for the past two years are presented in the following table.          2017 Market Price   Dividends Per Share Quarter     High   Low   1     $ 78.71   $ 73.00   $ 0.140 2     77.77   74.11   0.150 3     80.09   74.68   0.150 4     91.16   80.32   0.150 Year-end closing price $ 90.71             2016 Market Price   Dividends Per Share Quarter     High   Low   1     $ 57.01   $ 48.58   $ 0.135 2     62.39   52.83   0.140 3     65.21   60.38   0.140 4     74.83   63.17   0.140 Year-end closing price $ 73.76       The line graph shown below compares Torchmark’s cumulative total return on its common stock with the cumulative total returns of the Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the Standard and Poor’s Life & Health Insurance Index (S&P Life & Health Insurance). Torchmark is one of the companies whose stock is included within both the S&P 500 and the S&P Life & Health Insurance Index.   *100 invested on 12/31/12 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ended December 31st.  (Copyright © 2018 Standard & Poor's, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.)   13 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Purchases of Certain Equity Securities by the Issuer and Others for the Fourth Quarter  2017   Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased   (b) Average Price Paid Per Share   (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   (d) Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Amount) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1-31, 2017 260,690   $ 82.44   260,690   — November 1-30, 2017 593,200   85.22   593,200   — December 1-31, 2017 439,315   89.91   439,315   —   On August 7,  2017 , Torchmark’s Board reaffirmed its continued authorization of the Company’s stock repurchase program in amounts and with timing that management, in consultation with the Board, determined to be in the best interest of the Company. The program has no defined expiration date or maximum number of shares to be purchased.     14 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Item 6.  Selected Financial Data The following information should be read in conjunction with Torchmark’s Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes reported elsewhere in this Form 10-K: (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share and percentage data) Year ended December 31, 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013 Premium revenue:                   Life $ 2,306,547   $ 2,189,333   $ 2,073,065   $ 1,966,300   $ 1,885,332 Health 976,373   947,663   925,520   869,440   863,818 Other 15   38   135   400   532 Total 3,282,935   3,137,034   2,998,720   2,836,140   2,749,682 Net investment income 847,885   806,903   773,951   758,286   734,650 Realized investment gains (losses) 23,611   (10,683 )   (8,791 )   23,548   7,990 Total revenue 4,155,573   3,934,629   3,766,065   3,620,095   3,494,253 Income from continuing operations, net of tax 1,458,263   539,590   516,293   528,074   507,205 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax (3,769 )   10,189   10,807   14,865   21,267 Net income (1) 1,454,494   549,779   527,100   542,939   528,472 Per common share:                   Basic earnings:                   Income from continuing operations 12.53   4.50   4.13   4.04   3.68 Income from discontinued operations  (0.03 )   0.08   0.08   0.11   0.16 Net income 12.50   4.58   4.21   4.15   3.84 Diluted earnings:                   Income from continuing operations 12.26   4.41   4.07   3.98   3.63 Income from discontinued operations  (0.04 )   0.08   0.09   0.11   0.16 Net income (1) 12.22   4.49   4.16   4.09   3.79 Cash dividends declared 0.60   0.56   0.54   0.51   0.45 Cash dividends paid 0.59   0.56   0.53   0.49   0.44 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 116,343   120,001   125,095   130,722   137,647 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 118,983   122,368   126,757   132,640   139,564                     As of December 31, 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013 Cash and invested assets $ 17,853,047   $ 15,955,891   $ 14,405,073   $ 15,058,996   $ 13,456,944 Total assets 23,474,985   21,436,087   19,853,213   20,272,259   18,217,757 Short-term debt 328,067   264,475   490,129   238,398   229,070 Long-term debt 1,132,201   1,133,165   743,733   992,130   990,865 Shareholders' equity (1) 6,231,421   4,566,861   4,055,552   4,697,466   3,776,342 Per diluted common share (1) 52.95   37.76   32.71   36.19   27.66 Effect of fixed maturity revaluation on diluted  equity per common share (2) 13.18   5.63   2.62   8.28   1.81 Annualized premium in force:                   Life 2,373,099   2,262,736   2,150,498   2,044,545   1,955,401 Health 1,018,020   998,634   973,042   947,323   887,444 Total 3,391,119   3,261,370   3,123,540   2,991,868   2,842,845 Basic shares outstanding 114,593   118,031   122,370   127,930   134,252 Diluted shares outstanding 117,696   120,958   123,996   129,812   136,537 (1) On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted into law which revises corporate income tax rates from 35% to 21%, among other modifications. See further discussion of the tax reform implications in the  Results of Operations . Excluding the effects of tax reform, net income, net income per diluted common share, shareholders' equity and shareholders' equity per diluted common share would have been $581 million, $4.88, $5.36 billion and $45.52, respectively. (2) There is accounting guidance (ASC 320-10-35-1,  Investments- Debt and Equity Securities ) requiring available-for-sale fixed maturities to be recorded at fair value each period. The effect of this rule on diluted equity per share reflects the amount added or (deducted) under this rule to produce GAAP Shareholders’ equity per share. See discussion under the caption  Capital Resources  in  Management’s Discussion and Analysis  in this report concerning the effect this rule has on Torchmark’s equity. 15 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the  Selected Financial Data  and Torchmark’s  Consolidated Financial Statements  and  Notes  thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   How Torchmark Views Its Operations:  Torchmark is the holding company for a group of insurance companies which market primarily individual life, and supplemental health insurance to middle income households throughout the United States. We view our operations by segments, which are the insurance product lines of life, health, and annuities, and the investment segment that supports the product lines. Segments are aligned based on their common characteristics, comparability of the profit margins, and management techniques used to operate each segment.    Insurance Product Line Segments.  As fully explained in  Note 14—Business Segments , the insurance product line segments involve the marketing, underwriting, and the administration of policies. Each product line is further segmented by the various distribution units that market the insurance policies. Each distribution unit operates in a niche market offering insurance products designed for that particular market. Whether analyzing profitability of a segment as a whole, or the individual distribution units within the segment, the measure of profitability used by management is the underwriting margin, which is:   Premium revenue Less: Policy obligations Policy acquisition costs and commissions   Investment Segment.  The investment segment involves the management of our capital resources, including investments and the management of corporate debt and liquidity. Our measure of profitability for the investment segment is excess investment income, which is:   Net investment income Less: Required interest on net policy liabilities Financing costs   The tables in  Note 14—Business Segments  in the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  reconcile Torchmark’s revenues and expenses by segment to its major income statement line items for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2017 .   16 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Current Year Highlights:  • Net income as a return on equity (ROE) was 28.2% (1)  and net operating income as a ROE, excluding net unrealized gains on the fixed maturity portfolio was 14.3% (1) . • Total premium increased by 5% over the prior year. Life premium also increased by 5% for the year from $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion. Life underwriting margin also increased 5% from $574 million in 2016 to $604 million in 2017.  • Net investment income increased 5% over the prior year. In addition, excess investment income, a measure used by management as explained below, increased by 7% over the prior year. • During 2017, the Company repurchased 4.1 million shares at a total cost of $325 million for an average share price of $78.67.  The following represents net income and net operating income from continuing operations for the 3 years ended December 31, 2017. (1) As further discussed below regarding Tax Legislation, excluding the tax reform adjustment, net income as a ROE and net operating income as a ROE would have been 11.7% and 14.4%, respectively. In 2017, the Company recorded a one-time adjustment of $874 million impacting net income. As the impact of the Tax Legislation was treated as a non-operating event, it was excluded from net operating income. Net income as a ROE and net operating income as a ROE ,  excluding net unrealized gains on the fixed maturity portfolio   in 2016 were 12.0% and 14.6%, respectively and 11.9% and 14.5%, respectively in 2015. Net operating income as a ROE, excluding net unrealized gains on the fixed maturity portfolio is considered a non-GAAP measure. Management utilizes this measure to view the business without the effect of the unrealized gains or losses which are primarily attributable to fluctuation in interest rates on the available-for-sale portfolio. Summary of Operations:  Net income was  $1.5 billion  in  2017 , compared with  $550 million  in  2016 . This sharp increase was due to an $874 million increase to net income, primarily relating to a reduction of deferred income tax liabilities resulting from enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Tax Legislation). See further discussion below. Net income also  increased  in  2016  from  $527 million  in  2015 . On a diluted per common share basis,  2017  net income  rose   17 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents 172%  to  $12.22  after an  8%   increase  in  2016 , again largely related to implementation of the Tax Legislation. Without the impact of the Tax Legislation, net income per diluted common share would have been $4.88. Net income per diluted common share in  2016   rose  to  $4.49  from  $4.16  in  2015 . The per share results have exceeded the growth in dollar amounts due to our share repurchase program. Each year’s per share net income was affected by realized investment gains (losses), which were  $0.15 ,  $(0.06) , and  $(0.05) , in  2017 ,  2016  and  2015 , respectively. More information concerning realized investment gains and losses can be found under the caption  Realized Gains and Losses  in this report.  Net operating income from continuing operations rose each year over the prior year from  $523 million  in  2015  to  $549 million  in  2016  to  $574 million  in  2017 .  Net operating income is the consolidated total of segment profits after tax and as such is considered a non-GAAP measure. Net income is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. See  Note 14—Business Segments   for a discussion of the usefulness and purpose of this measure.  We do not consider realized gains and losses to be a component of our core insurance operations or operating segments. Additionally, net income was affected by certain significant and unusual non-operating items in each of the years  2015  through  2017 . We do not view these items as components of core operating results because they are not indicative of past performance or future prospects of the insurance operations. We remove items such as these that relate to prior periods or are non-operating items when evaluating the results of current operations, and therefore exclude such matters from our segment analysis for current periods. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 :  On December 22, 2017, the Tax Legislation was enacted which changed existing tax law, including a reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018. The Company recorded $877 million of tax benefits in net income as a result of re-measuring its deferred tax liabilities using the lower corporate tax rate as of the date of enactment. Based on the analysis of the Tax Legislation, the Company was able to determine that this amount is a reasonable estimate of the impact of the Tax Legislation in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118. However, the Company will continue to analyze relevant information to complete the accounting for income taxes which may result in an adjustment to income tax expense in 2018. The accounting is expected to be complete when the 2017 U.S. corporate income tax returns are filed later in 2018. In addition, the Company early adopted ASU 2018-02,  Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income,  and recorded a $252 million reclassification from  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  to  Retained Earnings  to eliminate the stranded tax effects associated with the tax rate change, primarily relating to the unrealized gains and losses on the available-for-sale fixed maturity portfolio.  More information concerning income taxes is provided in  Note 8—Income Taxes . There will be substantial long-term benefits from the Tax Legislation due to the taxation of future profits at the new 21% tax rate. Looking forward, we are anticipating the effective tax rate on our net operating income before stock compensation expense to decrease and be in the range of 19% to 20%. Despite the lower expected tax rate for financial reporting purposes, in the short and intermediate term, we do not anticipate a significant reduction in our current tax expense, as benefits of the lower tax rate will be virtually offset by several provisions included in the Tax Legislation that increase the Company's current taxable income. The below table illustrates the impact of the tax reform adjustment on certain balances.   Prior to tax adjustment   Tax reform adjustment   GAAP balance Current and deferred income taxes payable $ 2,189,402   $ (877,400 )   $ 1,312,002 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 1,171,874   252,400   1,424,274 Retained earnings 4,181,208   625,000   4,806,208 Shareholders' equity 5,357,443   873,978   6,231,421 Income before income taxes 834,028   (3,380 )   830,648 Income tax benefit (expense) (249,743 )   877,358   627,615 Net income 580,516   873,978   1,454,494 Total diluted net income per common share $ 4.88   $ 7.34   $ 12.22 18 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Torchmark’s operations on a segment-by-segment basis are discussed in depth under the appropriate captions following in this report. Analysis of Profitability by Segment (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015   2017 Change   %   2016 Change   % Life insurance underwriting margin $ 604,337   $ 573,762   $ 569,402   $ 30,575   5   $ 4,360   1 Health insurance underwriting margin 219,508   210,056   204,377   9,452   4   5,679   3 Annuity underwriting margin 10,562   9,394   4,568   1,168   12   4,826   106 Excess investment income 239,363   224,031   219,504   15,332   7   4,527   2 Other insurance:                       Other income 1,270   1,534   2,379   (264 )   (17 )   (845 )   (36 ) Administrative expense (210,590 )   (196,598 )   (186,191 )   (13,992 )   7   (10,407 )   6 Corporate and other (43,285 )   (34,913 )   (37,667 )   (8,372 )   24   2,754   (7 ) Pre-tax total 821,165   787,266   776,372   33,899   4   10,894   1 Applicable taxes (247,484 )   (237,906 )   (253,459 )   (9,578 )   4   15,553   (6 ) Net operating income from continuing operations 573,681   549,360   522,913   24,321   4   26,447   5 Discontinued operations—Part D, net of tax —   9,033   10,807   (9,033 )   (100 )   (1,774 )   (16 ) Net operating income 573,681   558,393   533,720   15,288   3   24,673   5 Reconciling items, net of tax:                           Realized gains (losses)—investments  17,590   (6,944 )   (5,714 )   24,534       (1,230 )     Part D adjustments—discontinued operations (3,769 )   1,156   —   (4,925 )       1,156     Guaranty fund assessments  (1,171 )   —   —   (1,171 )       —     Administrative settlements (5,628 )   (2,467 )   (906 )   (3,161 )       (1,561 )     Non-operating fees  (187 )   (359 )   —   172       (359 )     Tax reform adjustment 873,978   —   —   873,978       —     Net income $ 1,454,494   $ 549,779   $ 527,100   $ 904,715   165   $ 22,679   4 The life insurance segment is our strongest segment and is the largest contributor to earnings in each year presented. This segment contributed  $31 million  in  2017  and  $4 million  in  2016  to the growth in our underwriting margin. Also contributing to growth in income in both years was our health insurance segment, which provided  $9 million  of additional margin in  2017  and  $6 million  in  2016 .    Excess investment income, the measure of profitability of our investment segment,  increased   7%  to  $239 million  from the prior year amount of  $224 million . In  2016 , excess investment income  increased   2% . Investment yields continue to be pressured by investing at yields lower than the yield on dispositions and the average yield on the portfolio.    Total revenues  rose   6%  in  2017  to  $4.2 billion , or  $221 million  over the prior year total of  $3.9 billion . Life premium  rose   5%  or  $117 million  in  2017  to  $2.3 billion . Life premium  increased   $116 million  in  2016  to  $2.2 billion . Net investment income  rose   $41 million  or  5%  in  2017 , and  rose   4%  or  $33 million  in  2016 . Health premium  increased   3%  to  $976 million  in  2017  and contributed  $29 million  to  2017  revenue growth, after having  gained   2%  to  $948 million  in  2016 . Health premium contributed  $22 million  to  2016  revenue growth.   Life insurance premium and underwriting margins have grown in each of the last three years ended  December 31, 2017 . The  increase  in life premium was driven by sales growth and improvements in persistency. While premium and underwriting margins grew, margin as a percent of premium  remained flat  in  2017  at  26% , after  decreasing  from  27%  to  26%  from  2015  to  2016 . Net life sales  increased  in  2017  to  $416 million . Net life sales were flat between  2015  and  2016 . The life insurance segment is discussed further in this report under the caption  Life Insurance .   Health insurance premium income  increased   3%  to  $976 million  in  2017 . Health net sales  rose   9%  to  $158 million  during  2017  due to both individual and group sales. Group sales vary significantly from period to period due to the  19 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents impact of large groups that are sold from time-to-time. First-year collected health premium  fell   3%  to  $136 million  from the prior year total of  $140 million  as a result of higher net sales in Medicare Supplement in the fourth quarter of  2015  that positively affected the  2016  first-year collected premium. Health margins as a percentage of premium  were flat at   22% , with underwriting income  increasing  to  $220 million  for  2017  due to the growth in premium income. Underwriting income was  $210 million  in  2016  compared with  $204 million  in  2015 . The health insurance segment is discussed further in this report under the caption  Health Insurance . We do not currently market annuities. See the caption  Annuities  for discussion of the Annuity segment.   Excess investment income, is based on three major components: net investment income, required interest on net policy liabilities (interest applicable to insurance products), and financing costs. In  2017 , net investment income  rose   5% , compared with  4%  in  2016 . At the same time, our investment portfolio  grew   6%  in  2017  and  2016 , on an amortized cost basis. In recent years, the percentage growth in net investment income has been less than the growth in the overall investment portfolio due primarily to new investments being made at yield rates lower than the yield rates on dispositions and the average yield on the portfolio. The growth rate of net investment income is impacted at times by a lag between the time when proceeds from maturities and dispositions are received and when the proceeds are reinvested, during which the funds are held in cash. In addition, Torchmark’s share repurchase program (described later under this caption) has diverted cash that could have otherwise been used to acquire investments and increase net investment income. The growth in the investment portfolio has been augmented in 2017 and 2016 due to the receipt of certain receivables that had accumulated under our Medicare Part D business.    The interest required on net policy liabilities is deducted from net investment income, and generally grows in conjunction with the net policy liabilities that are supported by the invested assets. The lower new-money yields resulting from the low interest rate environment noted above have compressed excess investment income as required interest has continued to grow at approximately the same rate that net policy liabilities have grown. Financing costs, which consist of the interest required for debt service on our long and short-term debt, are also deducted from net investment income. Financing costs in  2017   increased   1%  to  $85 million  from  $83 million  in  2016 . The additional interest expense resulted primarily from an increase in the cost of our short-term borrowings and, in lesser part, from the issuance of our new 5.275% Junior Subordinated Debt security thirty-six days before the repayment of our 5.875% Junior Subordinated Debt security.   Insurance administrative expenses  were up   7.1%  in  2017  when compared with the prior year period, and  increased  to  6.4%  as a percentage of premium from  6.3%  in  2016  and  6.2%  in  2015 . The increase in administrative expenses is primarily due to an increase in other employee costs and investments in information technology. Corporate and Other expenses were up primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense, reflecting Torchmark's higher share price as compared with the same period a year ago, and recognition of a one-time increase in stock-based compensation expense due to the Tax Legislation. 20 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Share Purchases Torchmark has in place an ongoing share repurchase program which began in 1986. With no specified authorization amount, we determine the amount of repurchases based on the amount of the excess cash flow at the Parent Company, general market conditions, and other alternative uses. The majority of these purchases are made from excess cash flow. Excess cash flow at the Parent Company is primarily comprised of dividends received from the insurance subsidiaries less interest expense paid on its debt, dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders, and other limited operating activities. Additionally, when stock options are exercised, proceeds from these exercises and the resulting tax benefit are used to repurchase additional shares on the open market to minimize dilution as a result of the option exercises. The Board of Directors has authorized the Company’s share repurchase program in amounts and with timing that management, in consultation with the Board, determines to be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The following chart summarizes share purchase activity for each of the last three years.   Analysis of Share Purchases (Amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015 Purchases Shares   Amount   Shares   Amount   Shares   Amount Share repurchase program  4,126   $ 324,622   5,208   $ 311,332   6,292   $ 358,552 Option proceeds 1,103   88,367   1,487   93,452   1,049   59,974 Total 5,229   $ 412,989   6,695   $ 404,784   7,341   $ 418,526 Throughout the remainder of this discussion, share purchases refer only to those made from excess cash flow at the Parent Company.   A discussion of each of Torchmark’s segments follows. The following discussions are presented in the manner we view our operations, as described in  Note 14—Business Segments . Life Insurance   Life insurance is our largest insurance segment, with  2017  life premium representing  70%  of total premium. Life underwriting income before other income and administrative expense represented  72%  of the total in  2017 . Additionally, investments supporting the reserves for life products produce the majority of excess investment income attributable to the investment segment.   We use three statistical measures as indicators of premium growth and sales over the near term: “annualized premium in force,” “net sales,” and “first-year collected premium.”  • Annualized premium in force  is defined as the premium income that would be received over the following twelve months at any given date on all active policies if those policies remain in force throughout the twelve-month period. Annualized premium in force is an indicator of potential growth in premium revenue.  • Net sales  is annualized premium issued (Gross premium that would be received during the policies' first year in force and assuming that none of the policies lapsed or terminated.), net of cancellations in the first thirty days after issue, except in the case of Globe Life Direct Response where net sales is annualized premium issued at the time the first full premium is paid after any introductory offer period has expired. We believe that net sales is a better indicator of the rate of premium growth as compared to annualized premium issued.  • First-year collected premium  is defined as the premium collected during the reporting period for all policies in their first policy year. First-year collected premium takes lapses into account in the first year when lapses are more likely to occur, and thus is a useful indicator of how much new premium is expected to be added to premium income in the future. 21 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents The following table presents the summary of results of life insurance.  Further discussion of the results by distribution channel is included below. LIFE INSURANCE Summary of Results (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Premium   Amount   % of Premium   Amount   % of Premium Premium and policy charges $ 2,306,547   100   $ 2,189,333   100   $ 2,073,065   100                         Policy obligations 1,549,602   67   1,475,477   67   1,374,608   67 Required interest on reserves (607,007 )   (26 )   (577,827 )   (26 )   (552,298 )   (27 ) Net policy obligations 942,595   41   897,650   41   822,310   40 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 177,111   8   164,476   8   154,811   8 Amortization of acquisition costs 582,504   25   553,445   25   526,542   25 Total expense 1,702,210   74   1,615,571   74   1,503,663   73 Insurance underwriting margin before other income and administrative expenses $ 604,337   26   $ 573,762   26   $ 569,402   27     Life insurance premium  rose   5%  to  $2.3 billion  in  2017  after having  increased   6%  in  2016  to  $2.2 billion . Life insurance products are marketed through several distribution channels. Premium income by distribution channel for each of the last three years is as follows:   LIFE INSURANCE Premium by Distribution Channel (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total American Income Exclusive Agency $ 999,279   43   $ 913,355   42   $ 830,903   40 Globe Life Direct Response 812,907   35   782,765   36   746,693   36 Liberty National Exclusive Agency 274,635   12   270,476   12   271,113   13 Other Agencies 219,726   10   222,737   10   224,356   11   $ 2,306,547   100   $ 2,189,333   100   $ 2,073,065   100   Annualized life premium in force was  $2.37 billion  at  December 31, 2017 ,  an increase of   4.9%  over  $2.26 billion  a year earlier. Annualized life premium in force was  $2.15 billion  at  December 31, 2015 .   22 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents The following table shows net sales information for each of the last three years by distribution channel.   LIFE INSURANCE Net Sales by Distribution Channel (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total American Income Exclusive Agency $ 223,259   54   $ 209,856   51   $ 198,046   48 Globe Life Direct Response 135,704   33   150,267   36   164,348   40 Liberty National Exclusive Agency 46,886   11   40,159   10   35,782   9 Other Agencies 10,233   2   11,673   3   13,705   3   $ 416,082   100   $ 411,955   100   $ 411,881   100 The table below discloses first-year collected life premium by distribution channel.   LIFE INSURANCE First-Year Collected Premium by Distribution Channel (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total American Income Exclusive Agency $ 182,538   58   $ 173,573   56   $ 156,206   52 Globe Life Direct Response 92,057   29   98,496   31   106,417   35 Liberty National Exclusive Agency 33,191   10   29,103   9   27,554   9 Other Agencies 9,633   3   11,458   4   12,036   4   $ 317,419   100   $ 312,630   100   $ 302,213   100   The  American Income Exclusive Agency  has historically marketed primarily to members of labor unions. While labor unions are still the core market for this agency, American Income has diversified in recent years by focusing heavily on other affinity groups, third party internet vendor leads, and referrals to help ensure sustainable growth. This agency is Torchmark’s largest contributor to life premium of any distribution channel at  43%  of Torchmark’s  2017  total. This group produced premium income of  $999 million ,  an increase of   9%  over the prior year total of  $913 million , after having  risen   10%  in  2016 . First-year collected premium was  $183 million  compared to  $174 million  in  2016 ,  an increase of   5% . First-year collected premium  rose   11%  in  2016 . Net sales  increased   6%  to  $223 million  in  2017  over the  2016  total of  $210 million . Net sales  increased   6%  in  2016  over the  2015  total of  $198 million . Sales growth in our captive agencies is generally dependent on growth in the size of the agency force. The American Income Agency's average agent count  rose   4%  to  6,962  in  2017 . The average producing agent count is based on the actual count at the end of each week during the period.  The American Income Exclusive Agency continues to focus on growing and strengthening middle management to support sustainable growth of the agency force. To accomplish this, the agency places an emphasis on agent training programs and financial incentives that appropriately reward agents at all levels for helping develop and train its agents, including more home-office and webinar training programs. These programs are designed to provide each agent, from new recruits to top level managers, coaching and instruction specifically designed for their level of experience and responsibility. We have made considerable investments in information technology in support of the agency, including the launching of a lead mapping and management tool to the agency force. We anticipate this tool will help the Agency enhance agent productivity and agent retention. The  Globe Life Direct Response  unit offers adult and juvenile life insurance through a variety of direct-to-consumer marketing approaches, which include direct mailings, insert media, and electronic media. These different approaches support and complement one another in the unit’s efforts to reach the consumer. The Globe Life Direct Response  23 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents channel’s growth has been fueled by constant innovation. In recent years, electronic media production has grown rapidly as management has aggressively increased marketing activities related to internet and mobile technology, and has focused on driving traffic to the inbound call center. We continually introduce new initiatives in this unit in an attempt to increase response rates. While the juvenile market is an important source of sales, it also is a vehicle to reach the parents and grandparents of juvenile policyholders, who are more likely to respond favorably to a Globe Life Direct Response solicitation for life coverage on themselves than is the general adult population. Also, both juvenile policyholders and their parents are low acquisition-cost targets for sales of additional coverage over time. Globe Life Direct Response’s life premium income  rose   4%  to  $813 million , representing  35%  of Torchmark’s total life premium during  2017 . Life premium in this channel  increased   5%  in  2016  to  $783 million  over the  2015  total of  $747 million . Net sales of  $136 million  for this group  decreased   10%  from  $150 million  in  2016 , after a  9%   decrease  in  2016  due to operational changes designed to maximize underwriting margin dollars. We expect sales to decline, consistent with this recent trend, through  2018 . First-year collected premium  decreased   7%  to  $92 million  in  2017  after having  decreased   7%  in  2016 . The  Liberty National Exclusive Agency  markets individual and group life insurance to middle-income customers. Life premium income for this agency was  $275 million  in  2017 ,  an increase of   2%  from  $270 million  in  2016 . Life premium income in  2015  totaled  $271 million . Net sales  increased   17%  during  2017  to  $47 million  over the  2016  total of  $40 million . Net sales in  2016   increased   12% . The continued increases in net sales reflect changes in structure of the agency that were put in place several years ago. Middle management has also grown within the agency which will help continue this growth. First-year collected premium  increased   14%  to  $33 million  during  2017  and  increased   6%  in  2016  to  $29 million . The Liberty average producing agent count increased from  1,715  in  2016  to  2,017  in  2017 . We continue to execute our long term plan to grow this agency through expansion from small-town markets in the southeast to more densely populated areas with larger pools of potential agent recruits and customers. Expansion of this agency’s presence into more heavily populated, less-penetrated areas will help create long term agency growth. Additionally, the agency's prospecting training program has helped to improve the ability of agents to develop new work site marketing business. The  Other Agencies  distribution channels offering life insurance include the Military Agency, the UA Independent Agency (which predominantly writes health insurance), and various smaller distribution channels. The Other Agencies contributed  $220 million  of life premium income, or  10%  of Torchmark’s total in  2017 , but contributed only  2%  of net sales for the year. 24 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Health Insurance   Health insurance sold by Torchmark includes primarily Medicare Supplement insurance, critical illness coverage, accident coverage, and other limited-benefit supplemental health products. In this analysis, all health coverage plans other than Medicare Supplement are classified as limited-benefit plans. Health premium accounted for  30%  of our total premium in  2017 , while the health underwriting margin accounted for  26%  of total underwriting margin, reflective of the lower underwriting margin as a percent of premium for health compared with life insurance. As noted under the caption  Life Insurance , we have emphasized life insurance sales relative to health, due to life’s superior profitability and its greater contribution to excess investment income. The following table presents the summary of results for health insurance.  HEALTH INSURANCE Summary of Results (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Premium   Amount   % of Premium   Amount   % of Premium Premium $ 976,373   100   $ 947,663   100   $ 925,520   100                         Policy obligations 628,640   65   612,725   65   602,610   65 Required interest on reserves (77,792 )   (8 )   (73,382 )   (8 )   (69,057 )   (7 ) Net policy obligations 550,848   57   539,343   57   533,553   58 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 86,044   9   84,819   9   81,489   9 Amortization of acquisition costs 119,973   12   113,445   12   106,101   11 Total expense 756,865   78   737,607   78   721,143   78 Insurance underwriting margin before other income and administrative expense $ 219,508   22   $ 210,056   22   $ 204,377   22 Health premium  increased   3%  from  $948 million  in  2016  to  $976 million  in  2017 . Health underwriting margin  increased   4%  from  $210 million  in  2016  to  $220 million  in  2017 .  Further discussion is included below by distribution channels.   25 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Premium income by distribution channel for each of the last three years is as follows: HEALTH INSURANCE Premium by Distribution Channel (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total United American Independent Agency                       Limited-benefit plans $ 11,438       $ 12,704       $ 15,260     Medicare Supplement 352,690       342,311       330,070       364,128   37   355,015   38   345,330   37 Family Heritage Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 253,534       236,075       221,091     Medicare Supplement —       —       —       253,534   26   236,075   25   221,091   24 Liberty National Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 144,128       142,026       142,130     Medicare Supplement 52,079       59,772       67,020       196,207   20   201,798   21   209,150   23 American Income Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 88,776       84,064       79,984     Medicare Supplement 260       318       355       89,036   9   84,382   9   80,339   9 Direct Response                       Limited-benefit plans 545       552       869     Medicare Supplement 72,923       69,841       68,741       73,468   8   70,393   7   69,610   7 Total Premium                       Limited-benefit plans 498,421   51   475,421   50   459,334   50 Medicare Supplement 477,952   49   472,242   50   466,186   50   $ 976,373   100   $ 947,663   100   $ 925,520   100 26 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents We market supplemental health insurance products through a number of distribution channels. The following table presents net sales by distribution channel for the last three years.   HEALTH INSURANCE Net Sales by Distribution Channel (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total United American Independent Agency                       Limited-benefit plans $ 500       $ 558       $ 734     Medicare Supplement 60,670       55,451       70,891       61,170   39   56,009   39   71,625   46 Family Heritage Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 56,534       51,349       50,266     Medicare Supplement —       —       —       56,534   36   51,349   35   50,266   32 Liberty National Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 20,407       19,513       18,021     Medicare Supplement —       9       41       20,407   13   19,522   13   18,062   12 American Income Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 13,943       12,666       11,501     Medicare Supplement —       —       —       13,943   9   12,666   9   11,501   7 Direct Response                       Limited-benefit plans —       —       —     Medicare Supplement 5,582       5,560       5,003       5,582   3   5,560   4   5,003   3 Total Net Sales                       Limited-benefit plans 91,384   58   84,086   58   80,522   51 Medicare Supplement 66,252   42   61,020   42   75,935   49   $ 157,636   100   $ 145,106 100   $ 156,457   100 27 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents The following table discloses first-year collected health premium by distribution channel.   HEALTH INSURANCE First-Year Collected Premium by Distribution Channel (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total United American Independent Agency                       Limited-benefit plans $ 458       $ 547       $ 660     Medicare Supplement 54,393       64,848       76,575       54,851   40   65,395   47   77,235   49 Family Heritage Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 44,535       40,822       39,196     Medicare Supplement —       —       —       44,535   33   40,822   29   39,196   25 Liberty National Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 16,425       16,103       14,690     Medicare Supplement 2       6       168       16,427   12   16,109   11   14,858   9 American Income Exclusive Agency                       Limited-benefit plans 14,673       13,710       12,041     Medicare Supplement —       —       —       14,673   11   13,710   10   12,041   8 Direct Response                       Limited-benefit plans —       —       (2 )     Medicare Supplement 5,657       4,457       13,843       5,657   4   4,457   3   13,841   9 Total First-Year Collected Premium                       Limited-benefit plans 76,091   56   71,182   51   66,585   42 Medicare Supplement 60,052   44   69,311   49   90,586   58   $ 136,143   100   $ 140,493   100   $ 157,171   100   The  UA Independent Agency  consists of independent agencies appointed with Torchmark who may also sell for other companies. The UA Independent Agency was Torchmark’s largest health agency in terms of health premium income. In  2017 , premium income was  $364 million , representing  37%  of Torchmark’s total health premium. Net sales were  $61 million , or  39%  of Torchmark’s health sales. This agency is also Torchmark’s largest producer of Medicare Supplement insurance, with Medicare Supplement premium income of  $353 million . The UA Independent Agency represents  74%  of all Torchmark Medicare Supplement premium and  92%  of Medicare Supplement net sales. Medicare Supplement premium in this agency  rose   3%  in  2017 . Total health premium  increased   3%  in  2017  and  2016 . Medicare Supplement net sales  increased   9%  in  2017  from the prior year due to increases in individual and group sales. Group Medicare Supplement sales have historically fluctuated from period to period. The  Family Heritage Exclusive Agency  primarily markets limited-benefit supplemental health insurance in non-urban areas. Most of their policies include a cash-back feature, such as a return of premium whereby any excess of premiums over claims paid is returned to the policyholder at the end of a specified period stated within the insurance policy. Management expects to grow this agency through geographic expansion and continuing incorporation of Torchmark’s recruiting systems. The Family Heritage Agency contributed  $57 million  in net sales in  2017 , compared with  $51 million  in  2016  and  $50 million  in  2015 . Health premium income was  $254 million  in  2017 , representing  26%  of Torchmark’s  28 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents health premium. This compared with  $236 million  or  25%  of health premium in  2016  and  $221 million  or  24%  in  2015 . The average producing agent count was  995  for the year ended December 31,  2017 , compared with  923  for the same period in  2016 ,  an increase of   8% . The  Liberty National Exclusive Agency  represented  20%  of all Torchmark health premium income at  $196 million  in  2017 . The Liberty Agency markets limited-benefit supplemental health products consisting primarily of critical illness insurance. Much of Liberty’s health business is now generated through work site marketing targeting small businesses of 10 to 25 employees. In  2017 , health premium income  declined   3%  after  declining   4%  during  2016 . Liberty’s health premium decline has been due primarily to its declining Medicare Supplement block. Liberty's first-year collected premium  increased   2%  to  $16 million  in  2017  compared with  an increase of   8%  in  2016 , reflecting the steady increase in net sales of limited-benefit plans in the agency. Other distribution.  Certain of our other distribution channels market health products, although their main emphasis is on life insurance. On a combined basis, they accounted for  17%  of health premium in  2017  and  16%  in  2016 . The American Income Exclusive Agency primarily markets accident plans. The Direct Response group markets primarily Medicare Supplements to employer or union-sponsored groups. Direct Response added  $6 million  of Medicare Supplement net sales in  2017  and  2016  and  $5 million  in  2015 .   In 2016 and 2015, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) imposed an annual fee to health insurance issuers offering commercial health insurance as well as another fee for premium stabilization. These fees totaled  $621 thousand  and  $1.2 million  in  2016  and  2015 , respectively. There were no fees for  2017 . Annuities.   Our fixed annuity balances at the end of  2017  and  2016  were  $1.25 billion  and  $1.29 billion , respectively. Underwriting income was  $10.6 million ,  $9.4 million , and  $4.6 million  for the three years ended December 31, 2017, respectively. While the fixed annuity account balance has been declining slightly year over year, underwriting income has increased each year over the prior year. The significant increase in underwriting income in 2016 was primarily due to a slowdown in amortization as assumptions were adjusted to reflect longer retention of the annuity block than previously estimated as a result of the continuing low interest rate environment. Policy charges have actually declined slightly in each successive year. The majority of policy charges consist of surrender charges which are based on a function of account size and time lapsed since deposit. A considerable portion of fixed annuity profitability is derived from the spread of investment income exceeding contractual interest requirements, which can result in negative net policy obligations.  We do not currently market annuity products, favoring instead protection-oriented life and health insurance products. Therefore, we do not expect that annuities will be a significant portion of our business or marketing strategy going forward. 29 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Administrative expenses.   Operating expenses are included in the Corporate and Other segment and are classified into two categories: insurance administrative expenses and expenses of the Parent Company. The following table is an analysis of operating expenses for the three years ended  December 31, 2017 .   Operating Expenses Selected Information (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015   Amount   % of Premium   Amount   % of Premium   Amount   % of Premium Insurance administrative expenses:                       Salaries $ 96,185   2.9   $ 91,415   2.9   $ 87,262   2.9 Non-salary employee costs 33,539   1.0   29,852   1.0   30,683   1.0 Information technology costs 26,048   0.8   23,303   0.7   17,307   0.6 Other administrative expense 46,066   1.4   43,727   1.4   43,694   1.4 Legal expense—insurance 8,752   0.3   8,301   0.3   7,245   0.3 Total insurance administrative expenses 210,590   6.4   196,598   6.3   186,191   6.2 Parent company expense 9,631       8,587       9,003     Stock-based compensation expense 37,034       26,326       28,664     Non-operating fees —       553       —     Total operating expenses, per  Consolidated Statements of Operations $ 257,255       $ 232,064       $ 223,858                             Insurance administrative expenses:                       Increase (decrease) over prior year 7.1 %       5.6 %       6.5 %     Total operating expenses:                       Increase (decrease) over prior year 10.9 %       3.7 %       2.9 %       Insurance administrative expenses  were up   7.1%  in  2017  when compared with the prior year after  increasing   5.6%  during  2016 . As a percentage of total premium, insurance administrative expenses  increased  to  6.4%  in  2017  from  6.3%  in  2016  and  6.2%   2015 . Total operating expenses  increased   10.9%  in  2017 , after  increasing   3.7%  in  2016 . The increase in other employee costs was due primarily to higher pension expense driven by lower interest rates. The increase in information technology costs was due to investments that will enhance our customer experience, expand our data analytics capabilities, modernize our systems in order to improve our ability to react quickly to future changes, and bolster our information security programs. The increase in stock-based compensation expense was primarily due to higher expense associated with equity awards, reflecting Torchmark's higher share price and higher stock option values as compared with the same period a year ago. The increase also reflects a one-time increase in stock-based compensation expense due to the effects of the Tax Legislation as previously discussed. 30 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Investments.   We manage our capital resources including investments, debt, and cash flow through the investment segment. Excess investment income represents the profit margin attributable to investment operations. It is the measure that we use to evaluate the performance of the investment segment as described in  Note 14—Business Segments .  It is defined as net investment income less both the required interest attributable to net policy liabilities and the interest cost associated with capital funding or “financing costs.” We also view excess investment income per diluted common share as an important and useful measure to evaluate the performance of the investment segment. It is defined as excess investment income divided by the total diluted weighted average shares outstanding, representing the contribution by the investment segment to the consolidated earnings per share of the Company. Since implementing our share repurchase program in 1986, we have used  $7.1 billion  of excess cash flow at the Parent Company to repurchase Torchmark shares after determining that the repurchases provided a greater return than other investment alternatives. If we had not used this excess cash to repurchase shares, but had instead invested it in interest-bearing assets, we would have earned more investment income and had more shares outstanding. In order to put all capital resource uses on a comparable basis, we believe that excess investment income per diluted share is an appropriate measure of the investment segment.   Excess Investment Income .  The following table summarizes Torchmark’s investment income and excess investment income.   Analysis of Excess Investment Income (Dollar amounts in thousands except for per share data)     2017   2016   2015 Net investment income $ 847,885   $ 806,903   $ 773,951 Interest on net insurance policy liabilities:           Interest on reserves (734,370 )   (702,340 )   (674,650 ) Interest on deferred acquisition costs 210,380   202,813   196,845 Net required interest (523,990 )   (499,527 )   (477,805 ) Financing costs (84,532 )   (83,345 )   (76,642 ) Excess investment income $ 239,363   $ 224,031   $ 219,504             Excess investment income per diluted share $ 2.01   $ 1.83   $ 1.73             Mean invested assets (at amortized cost) $ 15,376,781   $ 14,461,502   $ 13,697,129 Average net insurance policy liabilities (1) 9,359,780   8,945,850   8,574,699 Average debt and preferred securities (at amortized cost) 1,458,706   1,379,933   1,343,663 (1) Net of deferred acquisition costs, excluding the associated unrealized gains and losses thereon. Excess investment income  increased   $15 million  or  7%  during  2017  after increasing  2%  during  2016 . The rate of growth was higher in 2017 than in 2016, in part,  because excess investment income during 2016 was negatively impacted by an increase in financing costs attributable to the early refinancing of our 6.375% Senior Notes as is discussed below in the discussion of our financing costs. In addition, the growth rate in 2017 was positively impacted by the investment of positive cash flows relating to the collection in 2016 and 2017 of various receivables that had accumulated in prior years in the Medicare Part D business. Excess investment income per diluted common share  increased   10%  during  2017  after  increasing   6%  during  2016 . Excess investment income per diluted common share generally increases at a faster pace than excess investment income because the number of diluted shares outstanding generally decreases from year to year as a result of our share repurchase program. The largest component of excess investment income is net investment income, which increased at a compound annual growth rate of 4% during the last three years. Growth in net investment income has been negatively impacted in recent years by the declining interest rate environment during which time we have invested new money and reinvested the  31 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents proceeds from bonds that matured or were called or otherwise disposed of at yield rates less than what we earned on these bonds before their maturity or disposition. We currently expect that the average annual turnover rate of fixed maturity assets during the next five years will not exceed 1% to 3% of the portfolio, and will not have a significant negative impact on the growth of net investment income. Presented in the following chart is the growth in net investment income and the growth in mean invested assets.   2017   2016   2015 Growth in net investment income 5.1 %   4.3 %   2.1 % Growth in mean invested assets (at amortized cost) 6.3 %   5.6 %   3.2 % Should interest rates rise, especially long-term rates, Torchmark's net investment income would benefit due to higher interest rates on new purchases. While such a rise in interest rates could adversely affect the fair value of the fixed maturities portfolio, we could withstand an increase in interest rates of approximately 100 to 105 basis points before the net unrealized gains on our fixed maturity portfolio as of  December 31, 2017  would be eliminated. Should interest rates increase further than that, we would not be concerned with potential interest rate driven unrealized losses in our fixed maturity portfolio because we have the intent and, more importantly, the ability, to hold our fixed maturities to maturity. Required interest on net insurance policy liabilities  r educes net investment income as it is the amount of net investment income considered by management necessary to “fund” the required interest included in the insurance segments.  As such, it is removed from the investment segment and applied to the insurance segments to offset the effect of the required interest from the insurance segments. As discussed in  Note 14-Business Segments ,  management believes this provides a more meaningful analysis of the investment and insurance segments. Required interest is based on the actuarial interest assumptions used in discounting the benefit reserve liability and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs for our insurance policies in force. The great majority of our life and health insurance policies are fixed interest-rate protection policies, not investment products, and are accounted for under current accounting guidance for long-duration insurance products which mandates that interest rate assumptions for a particular block of business be “locked in” for the life of that block of business. Each calendar year, we set the discount rate to be used to calculate the benefit reserve liability and the amortization of the deferred acquisition cost asset for all insurance policies issued that year. That rate is based on the new money yields that we expect to earn on cash flow received in the future from policies of that issue year, and cannot be changed. The discount rate used for policies issued in the current year has no impact on the in force policies issued in prior years as the rates of all prior issue years are also locked in. As such, the overall discount rate for the entire in force block is a weighted average of the discount rates being used from all issue years. Changes in the overall weighted-average discount rate over time are caused by changes in the mix of the reserves and the deferred acquisition cost asset by issue year on the entire block of in force business. Business issued in the current year has very little impact on the overall weighted-average discount rate due to the size of our in force business. Since actuarial discount rates are locked in for life on essentially all of our business, benefit reserves and deferred acquisition costs are not affected by interest rate fluctuations unless a loss recognition event occurs. Due to the strength of our underwriting margins and the current positive spread between the yield on our investment portfolio and the weighted-average discount rate of our in force block, we do not expect an extended low-interest-rate environment to cause a loss recognition event.   32 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Information about interest on net policy liabilities is shown in the following table. Required Interest on Net Insurance Policy Liabilities (Dollar amounts in thousands)   Required Interest   Average Net Insurance Policy  Liabilities   Average Discount Rate 2017           Life and Health $ 468,038   $ 8,099,319   5.78 % Annuity 55,952   1,260,461   4.44 Total $ 523,990   $ 9,359,780   5.60 Increase in 2017 4.90 %   4.63 %     2016           Life and Health $ 442,021   $ 7,658,639   5.77 % Annuity 57,506   1,287,211   4.47 Total $ 499,527   $ 8,945,850   5.58 Increase in 2016 4.55 %   4.33 %   2015           Life and Health $ 418,432   $ 7,256,732   5.77 % Annuity 59,373   1,317,967   4.50 Total $ 477,805   $ 8,574,699   5.57 Increase in 2015 4.37 %   4.06 %     Excess investment income is also impacted by financing costs. Financing costs for the investment segment primarily consist of interest on our various debt instruments and are deducted from excess investment income. The table below presents the components of financing costs and reconciles interest expense per the  Consolidated Statements of Operations.   Analysis of Financing Costs (Dollar amounts in thousands)     2017   2016   2015 Interest on funded debt $ 74,115   $ 75,988   $ 71,180 Interest on term loan 2,336   993   — Interest on short-term debt 8,076   6,360   5,457 Other 5   4   5 Financing costs $ 84,532   $ 83,345   $ 76,642   Financing costs  increased   $1 million  or  1%  from  2016  to  2017 . In  2017 , interest on short-term debt increased because of the increase in the weighted-average interest rate on such debt. Financing costs also  increased   $7 million  or  9%  from  2015  to  2016  due primarily to the additional interest expense on our funded debt associated with the issuance of a 6.125% Junior Subordinated Debt security seventy days before the maturity and repayment of the 6.375% Senior Notes. More information on our debt transactions are disclosed in the  Financial   Condition  section of this report and in  Note 11—Debt .   Realized Gains and Losses.    Our life and health insurance companies collect premium income from policyholders for the eventual payment of policyholder benefits, sometimes paid many years or even decades in the future. Because benefits are expected to be paid in future periods, premium receipts in excess of current expenses are invested to provide for these obligations. For this reason, we hold a significant investment portfolio as a part of our core insurance operations. This portfolio consists primarily of high-quality fixed maturities containing an adequate yield to provide for the cost of carrying these long-term insurance product obligations. As a result, fixed maturities are generally held for  33 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents long periods to support the liabilities. Expected yields on these investments are taken into account when setting insurance premium rates and product profitability expectations.   Despite our intent to hold fixed maturity investments for a long period of time, investments are occasionally sold or called, resulting in a realized gain or loss. These gains and losses generally occur only incidentally, usually as the result of bonds sold because of deterioration in investment quality of issuers or calls by the issuers. Investment losses are also caused by write downs due to impairments. We do not engage in trading investments for profit. Therefore, gains or losses which occur in protecting the portfolio or its yield, or which result from events that are beyond our control, are only secondary to our core insurance operations of providing insurance coverage to policyholders.   Realized gains and losses can be significant in relation to the earnings from core insurance operations, and as a result, can have a material positive or negative impact on net income. The significant fluctuations caused by gains and losses can cause period-to-period trends of net income that are not indicative of historical core operating results or predictive of the future trends of core operations. Accordingly, they have no bearing on core insurance operations or segment results as we view operations. For these reasons, and in line with industry practice, we remove the effects of realized gains and losses when evaluating overall insurance operating results.   The following table summarizes our tax-effected realized gains (losses) by component for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2017 . Analysis of Realized Gains (Losses), Net of Tax (Dollar amounts in thousands, except for per share data)     Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015   Amount   Per Share   Amount   Per Share   Amount   Per Share Fixed maturities:                       Sales $ 2,587   $ 0.02   $ (17,209 )   $ (0.14 )   $ (10,813 )   $ (0.09 ) Called or tendered 20,292   0.17   10,290   0.08   4,652   0.04 Write-downs (159 ) — — — — — Loss on redemption of debt (2,627 )   (0.02 )   —   —   —   — Other (2,503 )   (0.02 )   (25 )   —   447   — Total $ 17,590   $ 0.15   $ (6,944 )   $ (0.06 )   $ (5,714 )   $ (0.05 ) As described in  Note 4—Investments  under the caption  Other-than-temporary impairments,  the Company recorded $245 thousand ($159 thousand, net of tax) in security write-downs. We did not incur any write downs in our fixed maturity portfolio as a result of other-than-temporary impairment for the years  2015  and 2016. Investment Acquisitions .  Torchmark’s investment policy calls for investing in fixed maturities that are investment grade and meet our quality and yield objectives. We generally prefer to invest in securities with longer maturities because they more closely match the long-term nature of our policy liabilities. We believe this strategy is appropriate because our cash flows are generally stable and predictable. If longer-term securities that meet our quality and yield objectives are not available, we do not relax our quality objectives, but instead, consider investing in shorter term or lower yielding securities, taking into consideration the slope of the yield curve and other factors. During calendar years  2015  through  2017 , Torchmark invested almost exclusively in fixed maturity securities, primarily in corporate bonds with longer-term maturities. The following table summarizes selected information for fixed maturity purchases for the last three years. The effective annual yield shown is the yield calculated to the potential termination date that produces the lowest yield, commonly referred to as the “worst call date.” For non-callable bonds, the worst-call date is always the maturity date. For callable bonds, the worst-call date is the call date that produces the lowest yield, typically the first call date.   34 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Fixed Maturity Acquisitions Selected Information (Dollar amounts in thousands)   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Cost of acquisitions (1) :             Investment-grade corporate securities $ 1,308,567   $ 1,505,135   $ 1,026,520 Taxable municipal securities —   13,023   29,092 Other investment-grade securities 6,042   14,727   15,296 Total fixed maturity acquisitions $ 1,314,609   $ 1,532,885   $ 1,070,908             Effective annual yield (one year compounded) (2) 4.67 %   4.67 %   4.79 % Average life (in years, to next call) 23.0   24.6   27.2 Average life (in years to maturity) 24.0   25.4   27.9 Average rating BBB+   BBB+   BBB+ (1) Includes unsettled trades of  $3 million  for  2016 . (2) Tax-equivalent basis, where the yield on tax-exempt securities is adjusted to produce a yield equivalent to the pretax yield on taxable securities. We prefer to invest primarily in bonds that are not callable (on other than a make-whole basis) prior to maturity, but we periodically invest some funds in callable bonds when the incremental yield available on such bonds warrants doing so. For investments in callable bonds, the actual life of the investment will depend on whether the issuer calls the investment prior to the maturity date. Given our investments in callable bonds, the actual average life of our investments cannot be known at the time of the investment. Absent sales, however, the average life will not be less than the average life to next call and will not exceed the average life to maturity. Data for both of these average life measures is provided in the above chart.   From  2015  through  2017 , acquisitions consisted of securities spanning a diversified range of issuers, industry sectors, and geographical regions. All of the acquired securities were investment grade. In addition to the fixed maturity acquisitions, Torchmark invested  $55 million  in other long-term investments in  2017  compared with  $20 million  in  2016  and  $32 million  in  2015 .  New cash flow available for investment has been primarily provided through our insurance operations and interest received on existing investments. The amount of cash available for investment in 2016 was greater than 2015 due in part to the  collection of various receivables from our Medicare Part D business . In some years, a significant amount of new investments can be derived from proceeds from dispositions including issuer calls. While calls increase funds available for investment, as noted earlier in this discussion, they can also have a negative impact on investment income if the proceeds from the calls are reinvested in bonds that have lower yields than those of the bonds that were called. Issuer calls were  $371 million  in  2017 ,  $182 million  in  2016 , and  $178 million  in  2015 .  Portfolio Composition.  The composition of the investment portfolio at book value on  December 31, 2017  and  2016  was as follows : Invested Assets  (Dollar amounts in thousands)   2017   2016 Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total Fixed maturities (at amortized cost) $ 14,995,101   95   $ 14,188,050   96 Policy loans 529,529   3   507,975   3 Other long-term investments (1) 107,953   1   53,355   — Short-term investments 127,071   1   72,040   1 Total $ 15,759,654   100   $ 14,821,420   100 (1) Includes equities available for sale at cost. 35 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Approximately  95%  of our investments at book value are in a diversified fixed maturity portfolio. Policy loans, which are secured by policy cash values, make up  3%  of our investments. We also have insignificant investments in equity securities and other long-term investments. Because fixed maturities represent such a significant portion of our investment portfolio, the remainder of the discussion of portfolio composition will focus on fixed maturities. Selected information concerning the fixed maturity portfolio is as follows: Fixed Maturities Fixed Maturity Portfolio Selected Information     At December 31,   2017   2016 Average annual effective yield (1) 5.60 %   5.74 % Average life, in years, to:       Next call (2) 17.5   17.6 Maturity (2) 19.1   19.8 Effective duration to:       Next call (2, 3) 10.8   10.4 Maturity (2, 3) 11.5   11.3 (1) Tax-equivalent basis, where the yield on tax-exempt securities is adjusted to produce a yield equivalent to the pretax yield on taxable securities. (2) Torchmark calculates the average life and duration of the fixed maturity portfolio two ways: (a) based on the next call date which is the next call date for callable bonds and the maturity date for noncallable bonds, and (b) based on the maturity date of all bonds, whether callable or not. (3) Effective duration is a measure of the price sensitivity of a fixed-income security to a particular change in interest rates. 36 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Credit Risk Sensitivity .  The following tables summarize certain information about the major corporate sectors and security types held in our fixed maturity portfolio at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . Fixed Maturities by Sector At  December 31, 2017   (Dollar amounts in thousands)     Below Investment Grade   Total Fixed Maturities   % of Total Fixed Maturities     Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value   Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value   At Amortized Cost At Fair Value     Corporates:                           Financial                           Insurance - life, health, P&C $ 66,489 $ 3,896 $ (3,650 ) $ 66,735   $ 2,018,315 $ 346,364 $ (4,588 ) $ 2,360,091   14 14   Banks 27,104 — (2,727 ) 24,377   747,249 117,724 (3,007 ) 861,966   5 5   Other financial 74,956 — (17,661 ) 57,295   853,583 74,765 (18,524 ) 909,824   6 6   Total financial 168,549 3,896 (24,038 ) 148,407   3,619,147 538,853 (26,119 ) 4,131,881   25 25   Utilities                           Electric 20,713 1,159 — 21,872   1,463,872 306,812 (1,275 ) 1,769,409   10 11   Gas and water — — — —   520,418 64,726 (120 ) 585,024   3 3   Total utilities 20,713 1,159 — 21,872   1,984,290 371,538 (1,395 ) 2,354,433   13 14   Industrial - Energy                           Pipelines 40,590 937 (1,092 ) 40,435   880,379 117,765 (2,320 ) 995,824   6 6   Exploration and production 28,174 1,180 (85 ) 29,269   527,581 79,784 (2,620 ) 604,745   4 4   Oil field services 33,867 — (6,004 ) 27,863   83,722 11,074 (6,004 ) 88,792   1 1   Refiner — — — —   73,106 17,430 — 90,536   — —   Driller 54,561 87 (14,448 ) 40,200   54,561 87 (14,448 ) 40,200   — —   Total energy 157,192 2,204 (21,629 ) 137,767   1,619,349 226,140 (25,392 ) 1,820,097   11 11   Industrial - Basic materials                           Chemicals — — — —   541,785 59,216 (20 ) 600,981   3 3   Metals and mining 57,438 7,727 — 65,165   387,134 85,105 — 472,239   3 3   Forestry products and paper — — — —   112,175 16,911 — 129,086   1 1   Total basic materials 57,438 7,727 — 65,165   1,041,094 161,232 (20 ) 1,202,306   7 7   Industrial - Consumer, non-cyclical 21,334 — (4,498 ) 16,836   1,834,778 192,887 (6,494 ) 2,021,171   12 12   Other industrials 47,136 2,965 — 50,101   1,326,051 179,694 (671 ) 1,505,074   9 9   Industrial - Transportation 26,443 1,581 (162 ) 27,862   553,435 90,211 (195 ) 643,451   3 4   Other corporate sectors 143,995 5,076 (9,387 ) 139,684   1,310,445 123,588 (13,236 ) 1,420,797   9 8   Total corporates 642,800 24,608 (59,714 ) 607,694   13,288,589 1,884,143 (73,522 ) 15,099,210   89 90   Other fixed maturities:                           Government (U.S., municipal, and foreign) 306 — (105 ) 201   1,501,865 147,772 (1,507 ) 1,648,130   10 9   Collateralized debt obligations 59,150 20,084 (7,653 ) 71,581   59,150 20,084 (7,653 ) 71,581   — —   Other asset-backed securities — — — —   144,040 4,790 — 148,830   1 1   Mortgage-backed securities (1) — — — —   1,457 118 (1 ) 1,574   — —   Total fixed maturities $ 702,256 $ 44,692 $ (67,472 ) $ 679,476   $ 14,995,101 $ 2,056,907 $ (82,683 ) $ 16,969,325   100 100   (1) Includes GNMA's                         37 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Fixed Maturities by Sector At  December 31, 2016   (Dollar amounts in thousands)     Below Investment Grade   Total Fixed Maturities   % of Total Fixed Maturities     Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value   Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value   At Amortized Cost At Fair Value     Corporates:                           Financial                           Insurance - life, health, P&C $ 58,400 $ 1,760 $ (4,003 ) $ 56,157   $ 2,030,188 $ 217,377 $ (16,783 ) $ 2,230,782   15 15   Banks 41,558 512 (7,218 ) 34,852   681,422 71,828 (11,692 ) 741,558   5 5   Other financial 74,955 — (18,589 ) 56,366   623,836 39,215 (24,628 ) 638,423   4 4   Total financial 174,913 2,272 (29,810 ) 147,375   3,335,446 328,420 (53,103 ) 3,610,763   24 24   Utilities                           Electric 21,300 486 — 21,786   1,433,742 219,154 (9,384 ) 1,643,512   10 11   Gas and water — — — —   470,804 31,345 (3,464 ) 498,685   3 3   Total utilities 21,300 486 — 21,786   1,904,546 250,499 (12,848 ) 2,142,197   13 14   Industrial - Energy                           Pipelines 45,394 87 (3,297 ) 42,184   809,300 67,313 (11,431 ) 865,182   6 6   Exploration and production 28,954 182 (744 ) 28,392   531,754 43,009 (11,806 ) 562,957   4 4   Oil field services 33,880 — (6,483 ) 27,397   83,753 7,624 (6,483 ) 84,894   1 1   Refiner — — — —   62,977 9,721 (7 ) 72,691   — —   Driller 54,642 322 (14,597 ) 40,367   54,642 322 (14,597 ) 40,367   — —   Total energy 162,870 591 (25,121 ) 138,340   1,542,426 127,989 (44,324 ) 1,626,091   11 11   Industrial - Basic materials                           Chemicals — — — —   481,127 21,538 (10,204 ) 492,461   3 3   Metals and mining 107,102 491 (2,195 ) 105,398   389,908 25,247 (2,613 ) 412,542   3 3   Forestry products and paper — — — —   112,702 10,270 (415 ) 122,557   1 1   Total basic materials 107,102 491 (2,195 ) 105,398   983,737 57,055 (13,232 ) 1,027,560   7 7   Industrial - Consumer, non-cyclical — — — —   1,629,706 101,254 (31,938 ) 1,699,022   11 11   Other industrials 80,311 4,066 (1,327 ) 83,050   1,282,000 115,119 (14,412 ) 1,382,707   9 9   Industrial - Transportation 26,675 — (2,918 ) 23,757   494,527 59,067 (4,709 ) 548,885   4 4   Other corporate sectors 116,696 1,076 (6,063 ) 111,709   1,211,166 91,526 (20,256 ) 1,282,436   9 8   Total corporates 689,867 8,982 (67,434 ) 631,415   12,383,554 1,130,929 (194,822 ) 13,319,661   88 88   Other fixed maturities:                           Government (U.S., municipal, and foreign) 551 — (194 ) 357   1,686,021 129,064 (10,539 ) 1,804,546   12 12   Collateralized debt obligations 60,726 13,062 (10,285 ) 63,503   60,726 13,062 (10,285 ) 63,503   — —   Other asset-backed securities — — — —   53,786 530 (337 ) 53,979   — —   Mortgage-backed securities (1) — — — —   3,963 210 (1 ) 4,172   — —   Total fixed maturities $ 751,144 $ 22,044 $ (77,913 ) $ 695,275   $ 14,188,050 $ 1,273,795 $ (215,984 ) $ 15,245,861   100 100   (1) Includes GNMA's                         At  December 31, 2017 , fixed maturities had a fair value of  $17.0 billion , compared with  $15.2 billion  at  December 31, 2016 . The net unrealized gain position in the fixed maturity portfolio  increased  from  $1.1 billion  at  December 31, 2016  to  $2.0 billion  at  December 31, 2017 , primarily as a result of a decrease in credit spreads. The  December 31, 2017  net unrealized gain consisted of gross unrealized gains of  $2.1 billion  offset by  $83 million  of gross unrealized losses, compared with the  December 31, 2016  net unrealized gain which consisted of a gross unrealized gain of  $1.3 billion  and a gross unrealized loss of  $216 million .  Corporate securities, which consist of bonds and redeemable preferred stocks, were the largest component of the fixed maturity portfolio, representing  89%  of amortized cost and  90%  of fair value. The remainder of the portfolio is  38 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents invested primarily in securities issued by the U.S. government and U.S. municipalities. The Company holds insignificant amounts in foreign government bonds, collateralized debt obligations, asset-backed securities, and agency mortgage-backed securities. Corporate securities are diversified over a variety of industry sectors and issuers. As shown in the chart above, financial, utility, and energy sectors represented approximately 50% of the portfolio. At  December 31, 2017 , the total fixed maturity portfolio consists of 596 issuers, with 220 issuers within the financial, utility, and energy sectors. The net unrealized gain of the fixed maturity portfolio increased  $916 million  from  December 31, 2016 . The financial, utility, energy, and basic materials sectors experienced increases of  $237 million ,  $132 million ,  $117 million , and  $117 million  respectively, in net unrealized gains from   December 31, 2016  to  December 31, 2017 . The fair value of the entire portfolio increased 11% for the period. Over the past year, oil and many other commodity prices have increased meaningfully to the benefit of our holdings in the energy and basic materials sectors. While a sustained period of low prices might lead to some downgrades in ratings, we do not currently anticipate any losses from defaults or write-downs in the foreseeable future. For more information about our fixed maturity portfolio by component at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , including a discussion of other-than-temporary impairments, an analysis of unrealized investment losses and a schedule of maturities, see  Note 4—Investments .   An analysis of the fixed maturity portfolio by a composite rating at  December 31, 2017  is shown in the following table. The composite rating for each security, other than private-placement securities managed by third parties, is the average of the security’s ratings as assigned by Moody’s Investor Service, Standard & Poor’s, Fitch Ratings, and Dominion Bond Rating Service, LTD. The ratings assigned by these four nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are evenly weighted when calculating the average. The composite quality rating is created using a methodology developed by Torchmark Corporation using ratings from the various rating agencies noted above. The composite quality rating is not a Standard & Poor's credit rating. Standard & Poor's does not sponsor, endorse or promote the composite quality rating and shall not be liable for any use of the composite quality rating. Included in the chart below are private placement fixed maturity holdings of  $591 million  at amortized cost ( $613 million  at fair value) for which the ratings were assigned by the third party managers. Fixed Maturities by Rating At  December 31, 2017   (Dollar amounts in thousands)   Amortized Cost   %   Fair Value   % Investment grade:               AAA $ 649,559   4   $ 689,356   4 AA 1,095,502   7   1,222,148   7 A 4,139,252   28   4,959,570   29 BBB+ 3,493,309   23   3,936,939   23 BBB 3,302,118   22   3,696,880   22 BBB- 1,613,105   11   1,784,956   11 Investment grade 14,292,845   95   16,289,849   96 Below investment grade:               BB 413,425   3   397,063   2 B 152,454   1   133,582   1 Below B 136,377   1   148,831   1 Below investment grade 702,256   5   679,476   4 $ 14,995,101   100   $ 16,969,325   100   Of the  $15.0 billion  of fixed maturities at amortized cost as of  December 31, 2017 ,  $14.3 billion  or  95%  were investment grade with an average rating of  A- . Below-investment-grade bonds were  $702 million  with an average rating of  B+ .  Below-investment-grade bonds at amortized cost were  15%  of our shareholders’ equity, excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities as of  December 31, 2017 . Overall, the total portfolio had a weighted average quality rating of  BBB+  based on amortized cost, the same as at the end of  2016 . 39 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents An analysis of changes in our portfolio of below-investment grade fixed maturities at amortized cost is as follows: Below-Investment Grade Fixed Maturities (Dollar amounts in thousands)   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016 Balance at beginning of year $ 751,144   $ 640,150 Downgrades by rating agencies 61,691   179,077 Upgrades by rating agencies (55,345 )   (58,626 ) Disposals (59,420 )   (13,860 ) Write down of other-than-temporarily impaired securities (245 )   — Amortization 4,431   4,403 Balance at end of year $ 702,256   $ 751,144 Our investment policy regarding fixed maturities is to acquire only investment-grade obligations. Thus, any increases in below investment-grade issues are a result of ratings downgrades of existing holdings. We are not a party to any credit default swaps or other derivative contracts. We do not participate in securities lending, we have no off-balance sheet investments, and we do not have any exposure to European sovereign debt at  December 31, 2017 . Our exposure to Puerto Rican obligations is insignificant.  Market Risk Sensitivity.   Torchmark’s investment securities are exposed to interest rate risk, meaning the effect of changes in financial market interest rates on the current fair value of the company’s investment portfolio. Since  95%  of the book value of our investments is attributable to fixed maturity investments (and virtually all of these investments are fixed-rate investments), the portfolio is highly subject to market risk. Declines in market interest rates generally result in the fair value of the investment portfolio rising and increases in interest rates cause the fair value to decline. Under normal market conditions, we do not expect to realize these unrealized gains and losses because we have the ability and the intent to hold these investments to maturity. The long-term nature of our insurance policy liabilities and strong cash-flow operating position substantially mitigate any future need to liquidate portions of the portfolio. The increase or decrease in the fair value of insurance liabilities and debt due to increases or decreases in market interest rates largely offsets the impact of rates on the investment portfolio. However, as is permitted by GAAP, these liabilities are not recorded at fair value.   The following table illustrates the market risk sensitivity of our interest-rate sensitive fixed maturity portfolio at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . This table measures the effect of a parallel shift in interest rates (as represented by the U.S. Treasury curve) on the fair value of the fixed maturity portfolio. The data measures the change in fair value arising from an immediate and sustained change in interest rates in increments of 100 basis points.     Market Value of Fixed Maturity Portfolio (Dollar amounts in thousands)     At December 31, Change in Interest Rates  (1)   2017   2016 (200)   $ 21,455,515   $ 19,126,303 (100)   19,024,031   17,030,458 0   16,969,325   15,245,861 100   15,221,207   13,716,023 200   13,723,745   12,395,635                                              (1) In basis points. 40 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents FINANCIAL CONDITION   Liquidity.   Liquidity provides Torchmark with the ability to meet on demand the cash commitments required by its business operations and financial obligations. Our liquidity is primarily derived from three sources: positive cash flow from operations, a portfolio of marketable securities, and a line of credit facility.   Insurance Subsidiary Liquidity.   The operations of our insurance subsidiaries have historically generated substantial cash inflows in excess of immediate cash needs. Sources of cash flows for the insurance subsidiaries include primarily premium and investment income. Cash outflows from operations include policy benefit payments, commissions, administrative expenses, and taxes. The funds to provide for policy benefits, the majority of which are paid in future periods, are invested primarily in long-term fixed maturities to meet these long-term obligations. In addition to investment income, maturities and scheduled repayments in the investment portfolio are sources of cash. Excess cash available from the insurance subsidiaries’ operations is generally distributed as a dividend to the Parent Company, subject to regulatory restriction. The dividends are generally paid in amounts equal to the subsidiaries’ prior year statutory net income excluding realized capital gains. While the leading source of the excess cash is investment income, due to our high underwriting margins and effective expense control, a significant portion of the excess cash also comes from underwriting income.   Parent Company Liquidity.   Cash flows from the insurance subsidiaries are used to pay interest and principal repayments on Parent Company debt, operating expenses of the Parent, and Parent Company dividends to Torchmark shareholders. In  2017 , the Parent received  $454 million  of cash dividends from its subsidiaries, compared with  $438 million  in  2016  and  $466 million  in  2015 . Including transfers from other subsidiaries and after paying debt obligations, shareholder dividends, and other expenses (but before share repurchases), the Parent Company had excess cash flow in  2017  of approximately $330 million, compared with $311 million in  2016  and $358 million in  2015 .  Parent Company cash flow in excess of its operating requirements is available for other corporate purposes, such as insurance subsidiary capital or financing needs, strategic acquisitions, additional shareholder dividends, or share repurchases. In  2018 , it is expected that the Parent Company will receive approximately $450 million in dividends and transfers from subsidiaries and that approximately $320 to $330 million will be available as excess cash flow. Certain restrictions exist on the payment of these dividends. For more information on the restrictions on the payment of dividends by subsidiaries, see the  Restrictions  section of  Note 12—Shareholders’ Equity .  Although these restrictions exist, dividend availability from subsidiaries historically has been more than sufficient for the cash flow needs of the Parent Company.  Short-Term Borrowings.   An additional source of parent company liquidity is a line of credit facility with a group of lenders which allows unsecured borrowings and stand-by letters of credit up to $750 million, which could be extended up to $1 billion. While Torchmark can request the extension, it is not guaranteed. In May 2016, Torchmark amended the facility to extend the maturity date to May 2021. The amendment also allowed for an additional $100 million term loan as discussed under the caption  Credit Facility  in  Note 11—Debt . The facility is further designated as a back-up line of credit for a commercial paper program as well as the stand-by letters of credit as discussed below. As of  December 31, 2017 , we had available  $249 million  of additional borrowing capacity under this facility, compared with  $310 million  a year earlier. There have been no difficulties in accessing the commercial paper market during the three years ended  December 31, 2017 .   In summary, Torchmark expects to have readily available funds for  2018  and the foreseeable future to conduct its operations and to maintain target capital ratios in the insurance subsidiaries through internally generated cash flow and the credit facility. In the unlikely event that more liquidity is needed, the Company could generate additional funds through multiple sources including, but not limited to, the issuance of additional debt, additional borrowings on our short-term credit facility, and intercompany borrowing.   Consolidated Liquidity .   Consolidated net cash inflows provided from continuing operations were  $1.4 billion  in  2017 , compared with  $1.2 billion  in  2016  and  $1.1 billion  in  2015 . In addition to cash inflows from operations, our companies received proceeds from maturities, calls, and repayments of fixed maturities in the amount of  $489 million  in  2017 , compared with  $236 million  in  2016  and  $376 million  in  2015 .    Our cash and short-term investments were  $246 million  at year-end  2017  and  $148 million  at year-end  2016 . Additionally, we have a portfolio of marketable fixed securities that are available for sale in the event of an unexpected need. These  41 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents securities had a fair value of  $17.0 billion  at  December 31, 2017 . However, our strong cash flows from operations, investment maturities, and the availability of our credit line make any need to sell securities for liquidity unlikely.   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.   As a part of its aforementioned credit facility, Torchmark had outstanding  $177 million  in stand-by letters of credit at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . These letters are issued among our subsidiaries, one of which is an offshore captive reinsurer, and have no impact on company obligations as a whole. Any future regulatory changes that restrict the use of off-shore captive reinsurers might require Torchmark to obtain third-party financing, which could cause an insignificant increase in financing costs.   As of  December 31, 2017 , we had no unconsolidated affiliates and no guarantees of the obligations of third party entities. All of our guarantees were guarantees of the performance of consolidated subsidiaries, as disclosed in  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies . The following table presents information about future payments under our contractual obligations for the selected periods as of  December 31, 2017 .   Contractual Obligations (Dollar amounts in thousands)     Actual Liability   Total Payments   Less than One Year   One to Three Years   Three to Five Years   More than Five Years Fixed and determinable:                       Debt—principal (1) $ 1,460,268   $ 1,475,634   $ 328,625   $ 308,897   $ 227,500   $ 610,612 Debt—interest (2) 6,837   1,134,369   73,967   111,475   87,988   860,939 Capital leases —   —   —   —   —   — Operating leases —   16,564   3,483   6,422   4,829   1,830 Purchase obligations (3) 33,846   290,999   27,326   12,455   4,382   246,836 Postretirement obligations (4) 250,595   292,824   21,603   48,572   55,059   167,590 Future insurance obligations (5) 13,439,472   52,462,823   1,584,774   3,074,789   2,955,996   44,847,264 Total $ 15,191,018   $ 55,673,213   $ 2,039,778   $ 3,562,610   $ 3,335,754   $ 46,735,071   (1) Debt is itemized in  Note 11—Debt . (2) Interest on debt is based on our fixed contractual obligations. (3) Purchase obligations include various long-term non-cancelable purchase commitments as well as commitments to provide capital for low-income housing tax credit interests. (4) Pension obligations are primarily liabilities in trust funds that are calculated in accordance with the terms of the pension plans. They are offset by invested assets in the trusts, which are funded through periodic contributions by Torchmark in a manner which will provide for the settlement of the obligations as they become due. Therefore, our obligations are offset by those assets when reported on Torchmark’s  Consolidated Balance Sheets . At  December 31, 2017 , these pension obligations were  $603 million , but there were also assets of  $378 million  in the pension entities. The schedule of pension benefit payments covers ten years and is based on the same assumptions used to measure the pension obligations, except there is no interest assumption because the payments are undiscounted. There are also obligations for benefits other than pensions with a liability of  $26 million . Please refer to  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits  for more information on pension obligations. (5) Future insurance obligations consist primarily of estimated future contingent benefit payments on policies in force at  December 31, 2017 . These estimated payments were computed using assumptions for future mortality, morbidity and persistency. The actual amount and timing of such payments may differ significantly from the estimated amounts shown. Management believes that the assets supporting the liability of  $13.4 billion  at  December 31, 2017 , along with future premiums and investment income, will be sufficient to fund all future insurance obligations. Capital Resources.   Torchmark’s capital structure consists of short-term debt (the commercial paper facility described in   Note 11—Debt   and the current maturity of funded debt ),  long-term funded debt, and shareholders’ equity. A complete analysis and description of long-term debt issues outstanding is presented in  Note 11 .   Debt:  The carrying value of the long-term debt was  $1.1 billion  at December 31, 2017, the same as a year earlier. On November 17, 2017, Torchmark completed the issuance and sale of  $125 million  in aggregate principal of Torchmark’s  5.275%  Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2057. The debentures were sold in a private placement pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. The initial purchaser of the  42 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents debentures was outside the United States. The net proceeds from the sale of the debentures were  $123.3 million , after giving effect to the discount payable to the initial purchaser and expenses of the offering of the debentures. Torchmark used the net proceeds from the offering of the debentures to repay the  $125 million  outstanding principal of the  5.875%  Junior Subordinated Debentures that were due December 15, 2052 and that were callable beginning December 15, 2017. On April 5, 2016, Torchmark completed the issuance and sale of  $300 million  aggregate principal amount of Torchmark’s  6.125%  Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2056. The debentures were sold pursuant to Torchmark’s shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed September 25, 2015. The net proceeds from the sale of the debentures were  $290 million , after giving effect to the underwriting discount and estimated expenses of the offering of the debentures. Torchmark used the net proceeds from the offering of the debentures to repay the  $250 million  outstanding principal amount plus accrued interest of  $8 million  on its  6.375%  Senior Notes that were due June 15, 2016. The remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes.   Subsidiary Capital:  For the past several years, our insurance subsidiaries have targeted a capital ratio of approximately 325% of Company Action Level regulatory capital under Risk-Based Capital (RBC) standards, a formula designed by insurance regulatory authorities to monitor the adequacy of capital. At  December 31, 2017 , our insurance subsidiaries had an aggregate RBC ratio of 314%, a decrease in the ratio from the prior year of 324% due to the reduction in deferred tax assets as a result of the Tax Legislation previously discussed in the  Results of Operations  in this report. Should the NAIC adjust the RBC factors in 2018, as expected, to take into account the lower tax rate, we would expect a further reduction in our consolidated RBC ratio for the year ending December 31, 2018. At this time, target RBC levels for 2018 are yet to be determined pending discussion with regulators and rating agencies. Management believes more than sufficient liquidity exists at the Parent Company to make additional contributions as necessary to maintain the targeted ratio. Shareholder's Equity:  As noted under the caption  Analysis of Share Repurchases  in this report, we have an ongoing share repurchase program. Under this program, we acquired  4 million  shares at a cost of  $325 million  in  2017 ,  5 million  shares at a cost of  $311 million  in  2016 , and  6 million  shares for  $359 million  in  2015 . The majority of purchased shares are retired each year. Please refer to the description of our share repurchase program under the caption  Summary of Operations  in this report.   Torchmark has continually increased the quarterly dividend on its common shares over the past three years. In the first quarter of  2015 , it was increased to  $0.135  per share from $0.1267 per share. In the first quarter of  2016 , it was raised to  $0.14  per share. Finally, in the first quarter of  2017 , dividends were raised to  $0.15  per share.   Shareholders’ equity was  $6.2 billion  at  December 31, 2017 , compared with  $4.6 billion  at  December 31, 2016 , a  $1.7 billion  or  36%   increase . During the twelve months since  December 31, 2016 , shareholders’ equity was reduced by  $325 million  in share purchases under the repurchase program and  $88 million  to offset the dilution from stock option exercises. However, it was increased by  $1.5 billion  of net income, $874 million of which was attributed to a tax adjustment as a result of the Tax Legislation and  $870 million  of after-tax unrealized gains, of which $275 million was attributed to a tax adjustment as a result of the Tax Legislation.   We plan to use excess cash available at the Parent Company as efficiently as possible in the future. Possible uses of excess cash flow include, but are not limited to, share repurchases, acquisitions, increases in shareholder dividends, investment in securities, or repayment of short-term debt. We will determine the best use of excess cash after ensuring that targeted capital levels are maintained in our companies. If market conditions are favorable, we currently expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We maintain a significant available-for-sale fixed maturity portfolio to support our insurance policyholders’ liabilities. Current accounting guidance requires that we revalue our portfolio to fair market value at the end of each accounting period. The period-to-period changes in fair value, net of their associated impact on deferred acquisition costs and income tax, are reflected directly in shareholders’ equity. Changes in the fair value of the portfolio can result from changes in interest rates and liquidity in financial markets. While invested assets are revalued, accounting rules do not permit interest-bearing insurance policy liabilities to be valued at fair value in a consistent manner as that of assets, with changes in value applied directly to shareholders’ equity.  Due to the size of our policy liabilities in relation to our shareholders’ equity, this inconsistency in measurement usually has a material impact on the reported value of shareholders’ equity. If these liabilities were revalued in the same manner  43 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents as the assets, the effect on equity would be largely offset. Fluctuations in interest rates cause undue volatility in the period-to-period presentation of our shareholders’ equity, capital structure, and financial ratios which would be essentially removed if interest-bearing liabilities were valued in the same manner as assets. From time to time, the market value of our fixed maturity portfolio may be depressed as a result of bond market illiquidity which could result in a significant decrease in shareholders’ equity. Because of the long-term nature of our fixed maturities and liabilities and the strong cash flows consistently generated by our insurance subsidiaries, we have the intent and ability to hold our securities to maturity. As such, we do not expect to incur losses due to fluctuations in market value of fixed maturities caused by interest rate changes and temporarily illiquid markets. Accordingly, our management, credit rating agencies, lenders, many industry analysts, and certain other financial statement users prefer to remove the effect of this accounting rule when analyzing our balance sheet, capital structure, and financial ratios.    The following table presents selected data related to our capital resources. Additionally, the table presents the effect of this accounting guidance on relevant line items, so that investors and other financial statement users may determine its impact on Torchmark’s capital structure. Excluding the effect of unrealized gains and losses on the fixed maturity portfolio from shareholders' equity is considered non-GAAP. Below we include the reconciliation to GAAP.   Selected Financial Data (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share and percentage data)   At December 31, 2017   At December 31, 2016   At December 31, 2015   GAAP   Effect of Accounting Rule Requiring Revaluation  (1)   GAAP   Effect of Accounting Rule Requiring Revaluation  (1)   GAAP   Effect of Accounting Rule Requiring Revaluation  (1) Fixed maturities  $ 16,969,325   $ 1,974,224   $ 15,245,861   $ 1,057,811   $ 13,758,024   $ 506,153 Deferred acquisition costs (2) 3,958,063   (10,819 )   3,783,158   (10,281 )   3,617,135   (7,869 ) Total assets 23,474,985   1,963,405   21,436,087   1,047,530   19,853,213   498,284 Short-term debt 328,067   —   264,475   —   490,129   — Long-term debt 1,132,201   —   1,133,165   —   743,733   — Shareholders’ equity 6,231,421   1,551,090   4,566,861   680,894   4,055,552   323,885 Book value per diluted share 52.95   13.18   37.76   5.63   32.71   2.62 Debt to capitalization (3) 19.0 %   (4.8 )%   23.4 %   (3.1 )%   23.3 %   (1.5 )% Diluted shares outstanding 117,696       120,958       123,996     Actual shares outstanding 114,593       118,031       122,370     (1) Amount added to (deducted from) comprehensive income to produce the stated GAAP item. (2) Includes the value of insurance purchased. (3) Torchmark’s debt covenants require that the effect of the accounting guidance requiring revaluation be removed to determine this ratio. This ratio is computed by dividing total debt by the sum of debt and shareholders’ equity. Torchmark’s ratio of earnings before interest and taxes to interest requirements (times interest earned) was  10.8  times in  2017 , compared with  10.3  times in  2016  and  11.0  times in  2015  based on continuing operations. This times-interest-earned ratio is computed by dividing interest expense into the sum of pre-tax income from continuing operations and interest expense.  A discussion of our interest expense is included in the discussion of financing costs under the caption  Investments  in this report.   44 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Financial Strength Ratings.   The financial strength of our major insurance subsidiaries is rated by Standard & Poor’s and A. M. Best. The following chart presents these ratings for our five largest insurance subsidiaries at  December 31, 2017 .     Standard & Poor’s    A.M  Best Liberty AA-    A+ (Superior) Globe AA-    A+ (Superior) United American AA-    A+ (Superior) American Income AA-    A+ (Superior) Family Heritage NR    A+ (Superior)   A.M. Best states that it assigns an A+ (Superior) rating to insurance companies that have, in its opinion, a superior ability to meet their ongoing insurance obligations. The AA financial strength rating category is assigned by Standard & Poor’s Corporation (S&P) to those insurers which have very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments which differs from the highest-rated insurers only to a small degree. An insurer rated A has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but it is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than insurers in higher-rated categories. The plus sign (+) or minus sign (-) shows the relative standing within the major rating category.   During the fourth quarter of  2017 , S&P reviewed our operations and financial outlook. Based on their review, they confirmed our "AA-" financial strength ratings at our insurance subsidiaries and Torchmark Corporation's senior debt "A" credit rating. OTHER ITEMS   Litigation.   Torchmark and its subsidiaries are subject to being named as parties to pending or threatened litigation, much of which involves punitive damage claims based upon allegations of agent misconduct at the insurance subsidiaries. Such punitive damage claims may have the potential for significant adverse results since Torchmark and its subsidiaries operate in jurisdictions where large punitive damage awards bearing little or no relation to actual damages continue to be awarded. This bespeaks caution since it is impossible to predict the likelihood or extent of punitive damages that may be awarded if liability is found in any given case. Based upon information presently available, and in light of legal and other factual defenses available to Torchmark and its subsidiaries, contingent liabilities arising from threatened and pending litigation are not presently considered by us to be material. For more information concerning litigation, please refer to  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies  . 45 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   Future Policy Benefits:    Due to the long-term nature of insurance contracts, our insurance companies are liable for policy benefit payments that will be made in the future. The liability for future policy benefits is determined by standard actuarial procedures common to the life insurance industry. The accounting policies for determining this liability are disclosed in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies .   Approximately  87%  of our liabilities for future policy benefits at  December 31, 2017  were traditional insurance liabilities where the liability is determined as the present value of future benefits less the present value of the portion of the gross premium required to pay for such benefits. The assumptions used in estimating the future benefits for this portion of business are set at the time of contract issue. These assumptions are “locked in” and are not revised for the lifetime of the contracts, except where there is a premium deficiency, as defined in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  under the caption  Future Policy Benefits.  Otherwise, variability in the accrual of policy reserve liabilities after policy issuance is caused only by variability of the inventory of in force policies. Torchmark did not have a premium deficiency event for its traditional business during the three years ended  December 31, 2017 .   The remaining portion of liabilities for future policy benefits pertains to business accounted for as deposit business, where the recorded liability is the fund balance attributable to the benefit of policyholders as determined by the policy contract at the financial statement date. Accordingly, there are no assumptions used to determine the future policy benefit liability for deposit business.   Deferred Acquisition Costs :   Certain costs of acquiring new business are deferred and recorded as an asset. Deferred acquisition costs consist primarily of sales commissions and other underwriting costs related to the successful issuance of a new insurance contract as indicated in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  under the caption  Deferred Acquisition Costs  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Additionally, the cost of acquiring blocks of insurance business or insurance business through the purchase of other companies, known as the value of insurance purchased, is included in deferred acquisition costs. Our policies for accounting for deferred acquisition costs and the associated amortization are reported under the same caption in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies .   Over 99% of our recorded amounts for deferred acquisition costs at  December 31, 2017  were related to traditional products and are being amortized over the premium-paying period in proportion to the present value of actual historic and estimated future gross premiums. The projection assumptions for this business are set at the time of contract issue. These assumptions are “locked-in” at that time and, except where there is a loss recognition issue, are not revised for the lifetime of the contracts. Absent a premium deficiency, variability in amortization after policy issuance is caused only by variability in premium volume. We have not recorded a deferred acquisition cost loss recognition event for assets related to this business for any period in the three years ended  December 31, 2017 .   Less than 1% of deferred acquisition costs pertain to deposit business for which deferred acquisition costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the contracts in proportion to actual and estimated future gross profits. These contracts are not subject to lock-in. The assumptions must be updated when actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier estimates should be revised. Revisions related to our deposit business assets have not had a material impact on the amortization of deferred acquisition costs during the three years ended  December 31, 2017 .   Policy Claims and Other Benefits Payable :   This liability consists of known benefits currently payable and an estimate of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported to us. The estimate of unreported claims is based on prior experience and is made after careful evaluation of all information available to us. However, the factors upon which these estimates are based can be subject to change from historical patterns. Factors involved include the litigation environment, regulatory mandates, and the introduction of policy types for which claim patterns are not well established, and medical trend rates and medical cost inflation as they affect our health claims. Changes in these estimates, if any, are reflected in the earnings of the period in which the adjustment is made. We believe that the estimates used to produce the liability for claims and other benefits, including the estimate of unsubmitted claims, are the most appropriate under the circumstances. However, there is no certainty that the resulting stated liability will be our ultimate obligation. At this time, we do not expect any change in this estimate to have a material impact on earnings or financial position consistent with our historical experience. Valuation of Fixed Maturities :   We hold a substantial investment in high-quality fixed maturities to provide for the funding of our future policy contractual obligations over long periods of time. While these securities are generally expected to be held to maturity, they are classified as available for sale and are sold from time to time, primarily to manage risk.  46 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents We report this portfolio at fair value. Fair value is the price that we would expect to receive upon sale of the asset in an orderly transaction. The fair value of the fixed maturity portfolio is primarily affected by changes in interest rates in financial markets, having a greater impact on longer-term maturities. Because of the size of our fixed maturity portfolio, small changes in rates can have a significant effect on the portfolio and the reported financial position of the Company. This impact is disclosed in 100 basis point increments under the caption  Market Risk   Sensitivity  in this report. However, as discussed under the caption  Financial Condition  in this report, we believe these unrealized fluctuations in value have no meaningful impact on our actual financial condition and, as such, we remove them from consideration when viewing our financial position and financial ratios.   At times, the values of our fixed maturities can also be affected by illiquidity in the financial markets. Illiquidity would contribute to a spread widening, and accordingly unrealized losses, on many securities that we would expect to be fully recoverable. Even though our fixed maturity portfolio is available for sale, we have the ability and intent to hold the securities until maturity as a result of our strong and stable cash flows generated from our insurance products. Considerable information concerning the policies, procedures, classification levels, and other relevant data concerning the valuation of our fixed maturity investments is presented in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  and in  Note 4—Investments   under the captions  Fair Value Measurements  in both notes.   Impairment of Investments :   We continually monitor our investment portfolio for investments where fair value has declined below carrying value and that have become impaired in value. While the values of the investments in our portfolio constantly fluctuate due to market conditions, an other-than-temporary impairment charge is recorded only when a security has experienced a decline in fair market value which is deemed to be other than temporary. The policies and procedures that we use to evaluate and account for impairments of investments are disclosed in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies   and the discussions under the captions  Investments  and  Realized Gains and   Losses  in this report. While every effort is made to make the best estimate of status and value with the information available regarding an other-than-temporary impairment, it is difficult to predict the future prospects of a distressed or impaired security.   Defined benefit pension plans :   We maintain funded defined benefit plans covering most full-time employees. We also have unfunded nonqualified defined benefit plans covering certain key and other employees. Our obligations under these plans are determined actuarially based on specified actuarial assumptions. In accordance with GAAP, an expense is recorded each year as these pension obligations grow due to the increase in the service period of employees and the interest cost associated with the passage of time. These obligations are offset, at least in part, by the growth in value of the assets in the funded plans. At  December 31, 2017 , our gross liability under these plans was  $603 million , but was offset by assets of  $378 million . The actuarial assumptions used in determining our obligations for pensions include employee mortality and turnover, retirement age, the expected return on plan assets, projected salary increases, and the discount rate at which future obligations could be settled. These assumptions have an important effect on the pension obligation. A decrease in the discount rate or rate of return on plan assets will cause an increase in the pension obligation. A decrease in projected salary increases will cause a decrease in this obligation. Small changes in assumptions may cause significant differences in reported results for these plans. For example, a sensitivity analysis is presented below for the impact of change in the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on assets assumed on our defined benefit pension plans expense for the year  2017  and projected benefit obligation as of  December 31, 2017 . 47 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Pension Assumptions (Dollar amounts in thousands)   Assumption   % Change   Impact on Expense   Impact on Projected Benefit Obligation           Discount Rate (1) :              Increase   0.25   $ (2,890 )   $ (23,697 ) Decrease   (0.25 )   3,054   25,181 Expected Return (2) :              Increase   0.25   (923 )     Decrease   (0.25 )   923       (1) The discount rate was  4.27%  for  2017  expense and  3.75%  for the projected benefit obligation at  December 31, 2017 . (2) The expected return rate assumed was  6.96% . The Company determines mortality assumptions through the use of published mortality tables that reflect broad-based studies of mortality and published longevity improvement scales.   The criteria used to determine the primary assumptions are discussed in  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits .  While we have used our best efforts to determine the most reliable assumptions, given the information available from company experience, economic data, independent consultants and other sources, we cannot be certain that actual results will be the same as expected. The assumptions are reviewed annually and revised, if necessary, based on more current information available to us.  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits  also contains information about pension plan assets, investment policies, and other related data. 48 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS   We caution readers regarding certain forward-looking statements contained in the foregoing discussion and elsewhere in this document, and in any other statements made by us or on our behalf whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statement that is not a historical fact, or that might otherwise be considered an opinion or projection concerning us or our business, whether express or implied, is meant as and should be considered a forward-looking statement. Such statements represent our opinions concerning future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments.   Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. If these estimates or assumptions prove to be incorrect, the actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on the basis of such estimates or assumptions. Whether or not actual results differ materially from forward-looking statements may depend on numerous foreseeable and unforeseeable events or developments, which may be national in scope, related to the insurance industry generally, or applicable to Torchmark specifically. Such events or developments could include, but are not necessarily limited to:   (1) Changes in lapse rates and/or sales of our insurance policies as well as levels of mortality, morbidity, and utilization of healthcare services that differ from our assumptions; (2) Federal and state legislative and regulatory developments, particularly those impacting taxes and changes to the federal Medicare program that would affect Medicare Supplement; (3) Market trends in the senior-aged health care industry that provide alternatives to traditional Medicare, such as health maintenance organizations (HMOs) and other managed care or private plans, and that could affect the sales of traditional Medicare Supplement insurance; (4) Interest rate changes that affect product sales and/or investment portfolio yield; (5) General economic, industry sector or individual debt issuers’ financial conditions that may affect the current market value of securities that we own, or that may impair issuers’ ability to pay interest due us on those securities; (6) Changes in pricing competition; (7) Litigation results; (8) Levels of administrative and operational efficiencies that differ from our assumptions; (9) Our inability to obtain timely and appropriate premium rate increases for health insurance policies due to regulatory delay; (10) The customer response to new products and marketing initiatives; and (11) Reported amounts in the financial statements which are based on our estimates and judgments which may differ from the actual amounts ultimately realized. Readers are also directed to consider other risks and uncertainties described in our other documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   Information required by this item is found under the heading  Market Risk Sensitivity  in  Item   7  of this report. 49 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Consolidated Financial Statements Index   Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 51     Consolidated Financial Statements:   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 52 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 53 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 54 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 55 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 56 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 57 50 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Torchmark Corporation (McKinney, Texas) Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Torchmark Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated  February 26, 2018 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Dallas, Texas February 26, 2018   We have served as the Company's auditor since 1999. 51 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)     December 31,   2017   2016 Assets:       Investments:       Fixed maturities-available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2017—$14,995,101;  2016—$14,188,050) $ 16,969,325   $ 15,245,861 Policy loans 529,529   507,975 Other long-term investments 108,559   53,852 Short-term investments 127,071   72,040 Total investments 17,734,484   15,879,728 Cash 118,563   76,163 Accrued investment income 233,453   223,148 Other receivables 391,775   384,454 Deferred acquisition costs 3,958,063   3,783,158 Goodwill 441,591   441,591 Other assets 528,536   520,313 Assets related to discontinued operations 68,520   127,532 Total assets $ 23,474,985   $ 21,436,087 Liabilities:       Future policy benefits $ 13,439,472   $ 12,825,837 Unearned and advance premiums 61,430   64,017 Policy claims and other benefits payable 333,294   299,565 Other policyholders' funds 97,635   96,993 Total policy liabilities 13,931,831   13,286,412 Current and deferred income taxes payable 1,312,002   1,743,990 Other liabilities 489,609   413,760 Short-term debt 328,067   264,475 Long-term debt (estimated fair value:  2017—$1,228,392; 2016—$1,233,019) 1,132,201   1,133,165 Liabilities related to discontinued operations 49,854   27,424 Total liabilities 17,243,564   16,869,226 Commitments and Contingencies  (Note 15)   Shareholders' equity:       Preferred stock, par value $1 per share—Authorized 5,000,000 shares; outstanding: 0 in 2017 and 2016 —   — Common stock, par value $1 per share—Authorized 320,000,000 shares; outstanding: (2017—124,218,183 issued, less 9,625,104 held in treasury and 2016—127,218,183 issued, less 9,187,075 held in treasury) 124,218   127,218 Additional paid-in capital 508,476   490,421 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 1,424,274   577,574 Retained earnings 4,806,208   3,890,798 Treasury stock (631,755 )   (519,150 ) Total shareholders’ equity 6,231,421   4,566,861 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 23,474,985   $ 21,436,087 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 52 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Revenue:           Life premium $ 2,306,547   $ 2,189,333   $ 2,073,065 Health premium 976,373   947,663   925,520 Other premium 15   38   135 Total premium 3,282,935   3,137,034   2,998,720             Net investment income 847,885   806,903   773,951 Realized investment gains (losses) 23,611   (10,683 )   (8,791 ) Other income 1,142   1,375   2,185 Total revenue 4,155,573   3,934,629   3,766,065             Benefits and expenses:           Life policyholder benefits 1,558,261   1,479,272   1,374,608 Health policyholder benefits 633,778   612,725   602,610 Other policyholder benefits 35,836   36,751   38,994 Total policyholder benefits 2,227,875   2,128,748   2,016,212             Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 490,403   469,063   445,625 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 264,860   249,174   237,541 Other operating expense 257,255   232,064   223,858 Interest expense 84,532   83,345   76,642 Total benefits and expenses 3,324,925   3,162,394   2,999,878             Income before income taxes 830,648   772,235   766,187 Income tax benefit (expense) 627,615   (232,645 )   (249,894 ) Income from continuing operations 1,458,263   539,590   516,293           Discontinued operations:           Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (3,769 )   10,189   10,807 Net income $ 1,454,494   $ 549,779   $ 527,100           Basic net income per common share:           Continuing operations $ 12.53   $ 4.50   $ 4.13 Discontinued operations (0.03 )   0.08   0.08 Total basic net income per common share $ 12.50   $ 4.58   $ 4.21           Diluted net income per common share:           Continuing operations $ 12.26   $ 4.41   $ 4.07 Discontinued operations (0.04 )   0.08   0.09 Total diluted net income per common share $ 12.22   $ 4.49   $ 4.16     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 53 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Dollar amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Net income $ 1,454,494   $ 549,779   $ 527,100             Other comprehensive income (loss):           Unrealized investment gains (losses):           Unrealized gains (losses) on securities:           Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period 950,088   544,886   (1,163,417 ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses on securities included in net income (34,954 )   10,645   9,478 Reclassification adjustment for amortization of (discount) premium (47 )   (4,185 )   (6,346 ) Foreign exchange adjustment on securities recorded at fair value 1,326   312   (3,010 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on securities 916,413   551,658   (1,163,295 )             Unrealized gains (losses) on other investments:           Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period 5,008   2,503   (1,635 ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income —   (360 )   (1,102 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on other investments 5,008   2,143   (2,737 ) Total unrealized investment gains (losses) 921,421   553,801   (1,166,032 ) Less applicable (taxes) benefits (322,553 )   (193,820 )   408,092 Unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax 598,868   359,981   (757,940 )             Unrealized gains (losses) attributable to deferred acquisition costs (538 )   (2,412 )   8,682 Less applicable (taxes) benefits 188   845   (3,039 ) Unrealized gains (losses) attributable to deferred acquisition costs, net of tax (350 )   (1,567 )   5,643             Foreign exchange translation adjustments, other than securities 11,389   2,178   (20,651 ) Less applicable (taxes) benefits (2,937 )   (838 )   6,892 Foreign exchange translation adjustments, other than securities, net of tax 8,452   1,340   (13,759 )             Pension adjustments:           Amortization of pension costs 12,436   10,168   14,586 Plan amendments —   —   (2,104 ) Experience gain (loss) (31,933 )   (31,902 )   (11,632 ) Pension adjustments (19,497 )   (21,734 )   850 Less applicable (taxes) benefits 6,827   7,607   (299 ) Pension adjustments, net of tax (12,670 )   (14,127 )   551             Other comprehensive income (loss) 594,300   345,627   (765,505 ) Comprehensive income (loss) $ 2,048,794   $ 895,406   $ (238,405 )   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 54 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)     Preferred Stock   Common Stock   Additional Paid-in Capital   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Retained Earnings   Treasury Stock   Total Shareholders’ Equity Year Ended December 31, 2015                           Balance at January 1, 2015 $ —   $ 134,218   $ 457,613   $ 997,452   $ 3,376,846   $ (268,663 )   $ 4,697,466 Comprehensive income (loss)       (765,505 )   527,100     (238,405 ) Common dividends declared ($.54 per share)         (67,182 )     (67,182 ) Acquisition of treasury stock           (418,526 )   (418,526 ) Stock-based compensation     21,813     (2,132 )   8,983   28,664 Exercise of stock options     17,577     (36,322 )   72,280   53,535 Retirement of treasury stock   (4,000 )   (14,719 )     (183,941 )   202,660   — Balance at December 31, 2015 —   130,218   482,284   231,947   3,614,369   (403,266 )   4,055,552                             Year Ended December 31, 2016                           Comprehensive income (loss)       345,627   549,779     895,406 Common dividends declared  ($.56 per share)         (66,968 )     (66,968 ) Acquisition of treasury stock           (404,784 )   (404,784 ) Stock-based compensation     19,659     (2,224 )   8,891   26,326 Exercise of stock options         (53,845 )   115,174   61,329 Retirement of treasury stock   (3,000 )   (11,522 )     (150,313 )   164,835   — Balance at December 31, 2016 —   127,218   490,421   577,574   3,890,798   (519,150 )   4,566,861                             Year Ended December 31, 2017                           Comprehensive income (loss)       594,300   1,454,494     2,048,794 Common dividends declared  ($.60 per share)         (69,494 )     (69,494 ) Acquisition of treasury stock           (412,989 )   (412,989 ) Stock-based compensation     30,190     (606 )   7,450   37,034 Exercise of stock options         (38,333 )   99,548   61,215 Reclassifications, Tax Reform (1)       252,400   (252,400 )     — Retirement of treasury stock   (3,000 )   (12,135 )     (178,251 )   193,386   — Balance at December 31, 2017 $ —   $ 124,218   $ 508,476   $ 1,424,274   $ 4,806,208   $ (631,755 )   $ 6,231,421 (1) Income tax effects of certain items were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings to remove stranded tax effects as a result of early adoption of ASU 2018-02,  Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . See further discussion in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies . See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 55 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollar amounts in thousands)   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Net income  $ 1,454,494   $ 549,779   $ 527,100 Adjustments to reconcile net income from continuing operations to cash provided from continuing operations:           Loss (Income) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 3,769   (10,189 )   (10,807 ) Increase (decrease) in future policy benefits 687,407   645,844   631,202 Increase (decrease) in other policy benefits 31,784   24,668   14,609 Deferral of policy acquisition costs (660,134 )   (635,318 )   (612,181 ) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 490,403   469,063   445,625 Change in current and deferred income taxes (700,660 )   152,210   103,558 Realized (gains) losses on sale of investments and properties (23,611 )   10,683   8,791 Other, net 67,933   20,079   13,985 Net cash provided from (used for) continuing operations 1,351,385   1,226,819   1,121,882 Net cash provided from (used for) discontinued operations 77,673   171,889   (1,832 ) Cash provided from (used for) operating activities 1,429,058   1,398,708   1,120,050             Cash provided from (used for) investing activities:           Investments sold or matured:           Fixed maturities available for sale—sold 67,246   340,434   226,792 Fixed maturities available for sale—matured, called, and repaid 488,843   236,353   376,158 Other long-term investments 3,534   1,217   3,740 Total investments sold or matured 559,623   578,004   606,690 Acquisition of investments:           Fixed maturities—available for sale (1,314,609 )   (1,530,053 )   (1,070,908 ) Other long-term investments (55,096 )   (20,444 )   (31,707 ) Total investments acquired (1,369,705 )   (1,550,497 )   (1,102,615 ) Net (increase) decrease in policy loans (21,554 )   (15,513 )   (20,353 ) Net (increase) decrease in short-term investments (55,031 )   (17,274 )   (38,884 ) Additions to properties (20,285 )   (25,162 )   (36,957 ) Sale of other assets 18   90   — Investments in low-income housing interests (19,890 )   (32,084 )   (41,231 ) Cash provided from (used for) investing activities (926,824 )   (1,062,436 )   (633,350 )             Cash provided from (used for) financing activities:           Issuance of common stock 61,215   61,329   35,958 Cash dividends paid to shareholders (68,831 )   (66,931 )   (66,899 ) Repayment of debt (126,875 )   (250,000 )   — Proceeds from issuance of debt 125,000   400,000   — Payment for debt issuance costs (1,661 )   (9,638 )   — Net borrowing (repayment) of commercial paper 61,092   22,224   1,978 Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises —   —   17,577 Acquisition of treasury stock (412,989 )   (404,784 )   (418,526 ) Net receipts (payments) from deposit-type product (90,932 )   (71,991 )   (95,793 ) Cash provided from (used for) financing activities (453,981 )   (319,791 )   (525,705 )             Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash (5,853 ) (1,701 )   34,369 Increase (decrease) in cash 42,400   14,780   (4,636 ) Cash at beginning of year 76,163   61,383   66,019 Cash at end of year $ 118,563 $ 76,163 $ 61,383 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 56 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies   Business :  Torchmark Corporation (Torchmark or alternatively, the Company) through its wholly-owned subsidiaries provides a variety of life and supplemental health insurance products and annuities to a broad base of customers. Torchmark is organized into  four  reportable segments: life insurance, health insurance, annuity, and investment.   Basis of Presentation :  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), under guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   Principles of Consolidation :  The consolidated financial statements include the results of Torchmark and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. When Torchmark acquires a subsidiary or a block of business, the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at fair value at the acquisition date. Any excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of net assets is recorded as goodwill. Expenses incurred to effect the acquisition are charged to earnings as of the acquisition date. Upon acquisition, the accounts and results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date.   Torchmark accounts for its variable interest entities (VIEs) under accounting guidance which clarifies the definition of a variable interest and the instructions for consolidating VIEs. Only primary beneficiaries are required or allowed to consolidate VIEs. Therefore, a company may have voting control of a VIE, but if it is not the primary beneficiary, it is not permitted to consolidate the VIE. As further described under the caption  Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Interests  below in this note, Torchmark holds passive interests in limited partnerships which provide investment returns through the provision of tax benefits (principally from the transfer of federal or state tax credits related to federal low-income housing). These interests are considered to be VIEs. They are not consolidated because the Company has no power to control the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of these entities and therefore the Company is not the primary beneficiary of any of these interests. Torchmark’s involvement is limited to its limited partnership interest in the entities. Torchmark has not provided any other financial support to the entities beyond its commitments to fund its limited partnership interests, and there are no arrangements or agreements with any of the interests to provide other financial support. The maximum loss exposure relative to these interests is limited to their carrying value.   Discontinued Operations :  When a component of Torchmark’s business is sold or expected to be sold during the ensuing year, Torchmark considers whether the criteria of  ASC 205-20,  Discontinued Operations , have been met, which includes evaluating if the disposal of a component represents a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on the Company. If the disposal meets the criteria for discontinued operations, the assets and liabilities are segregated and recorded in the  Consolidated Balance Sheets  as "Assets and Liabilities related to discontinued operations" for all periods presented. If the carrying amount of the business exceeds its estimated fair value, a loss is recognized. The results of operations for the discontinued component are reported in "Income from discontinued operations, net of tax" in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  for current and prior periods. Discontinued operations are reported commencing in the period in which the business is either disposed of or meets the accounting criteria for discontinued operations, including any gain or loss recognized on the sale or adjustment of the carrying amount to the estimated fair value less cost to sell.  As discussed in further detail in  Note 6—Discontinued Operations , Torchmark sold one of its operating segments, Medicare Part D during 2016. The financial results of this business are excluded from Torchmark's continuing operations including the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements , other than  Note 2—Statutory Accounting  and  Note 6—Discontinued Operations .    Investments :  Torchmark classifies all of its fixed maturity investments, which include bonds and redeemable preferred stocks, as available for sale. Investments classified as available for sale are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, reflected directly in accumulated other comprehensive income. Policy loans are  57 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) carried at unpaid principal balances. Other long-term investments include equity securities, real estate, mortgage participations, and limited partnerships. Investments in equity securities, which include common and nonredeemable preferred stocks, are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, reflected directly in accumulated other comprehensive income. Investments in real estate are reported at cost less allowances for depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method. Mortgage participations, a type of investment where the mortgage loan is shared among investors, are accounted for as financing receivables. Investments in limited partnerships are primarily accounted for using the cost method of accounting as Torchmark's partnership interest is minor as Torchmark lacks the ability to exercise significant influence over the partnership's operating and financial policies.  The Company considers its cost method investments for impairment when the carrying value of such investments exceeds the net asset value (“NAV”). As further discussed below in  Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted , the Company will adopt ASU 2016-01 on January 1, 2018 which removes the cost method for certain investments and replaces it with fair value through net income method. Under the new guidance, limited partnerships will be reported at fair value and all fluctuations in fair value will be reported through realized gains and losses.  Short-term investments include investments in interest-bearing assets with original maturities of twelve months or less. Gains and losses realized on the disposition of investments are determined on a specific identification basis.   Fair Value Measurements, Investments in Securities :  Torchmark measures the fair value of its fixed maturities based on a hierarchy consisting of three levels which indicate the quality of the fair value measurements as described below:   • Level 1— fair values are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access as of the measurement date. • Level 2   — fair values are based on inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, or inputs that can otherwise be corroborated by observable market data. • Level 3—  fair values are based on inputs that are considered unobservable where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability as of the measurement date. In this circumstance, the Company has to rely on values derived by independent brokers or internally-developed assumptions. Unobservable inputs are developed based on the best information available to the Company which may include the Company’s own data or bid and ask prices in the dealer market. The great majority of Torchmark's fixed maturities are not actively traded and direct quotes are not generally available. Management therefore determines the fair values of these securities after consideration of data provided by third-party pricing services, independent broker/dealers, and other resources. At  December 31, 2017 , Torchmark's investments in fixed maturities were primarily composed of the following significant security types: Corporate securities, state and municipal securities, redeemable preferred stocks, and U.S. government securities. The remaining security types represented less than  1%  of the total in the aggregate. Over  95%  of the fair value reported at  December 31, 2017  was determined using data provided by third-party pricing services. Prices provided by these services are not binding offers, but are estimated exit values. Third-party pricing services use proprietary pricing models to determine security values by discounting cash flows using a market-adjusted spread to a benchmark yield.  For all asset classes within Torchmark’s significant security types, third-party pricing services use a common valuation technique to model the price of the investments using observable market data. The foundation for these models consists of developing yield spreads based on multiple observable market inputs, including but not limited to: benchmark yield curves, actual trading activity, new issue yields, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, sector-specific data, economic data, and other inputs that are corroborated in the market. Pricing vendors monitor and review their pricing data continuously with current market and economic data feeds, augmented by ongoing communication within the dealer community. 58 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Using the observable market inputs described above, spreads to an appropriate benchmark yield are further developed by the vendors for each security based on security-specific and/or sector-specific risk factors, such as a security’s terms and conditions (coupon, maturity, and call features), credit rating, sector, liquidity, collateral or other cash flow options, and other factors that could impact the risk of the security. Embedded repayment options, such as call and redemption features, are also taken into account in the pricing models. When the spread is determined, it is added to the security’s benchmark yield. The security's expected cash flows are discounted using this spread-adjusted yield, and the resulting present value of the discounted cash flows is the evaluated price. When third-party vendor prices are not available, the Company attempts to obtain valuations from other sources, including but not limited to broker/dealers, broker quotes, and prices on comparable securities. When valuations have been obtained for all securities in the portfolio, management reviews and analyzes the prices to ensure their reasonableness, taking into account available observable information. When two or more valuations are available for a security and the variance between the prices is 10% or less, the close correlation suggests similar observable inputs were used in deriving the price, and the mean of the prices is used.  Securities valued in this manner are classified as Level 2. When the variance between two or more valuations for a security exceeds 10%, additional analysis is performed to determine the most appropriate value for that security, using resources such as broker quotes, prices on comparable securities, recent trades, and any other observable market data. Further review is performed on the available valuations to determine if they can be corroborated within reasonable tolerance to any other observable evidence. If one of the valuations or the mean of the available valuations for a security can be corroborated with other observable evidence, then the corroborated value is used and reported as Level 2. The Company uses information and analytical techniques deemed appropriate for determining the point within the range of reasonable fair value estimates that is most representative of fair value under current market conditions. Valuations that cannot be corroborated within a reasonable tolerance are classified as Level 3.  Torchmark invests in a portfolio of private placement bonds which are not actively traded. This portfolio is managed by third parties. The portfolio managers provide valuations for the bonds based on a pricing matrix utilizing observable inputs, such as the benchmark treasury rate and published sector indices, and unobservable inputs such as an internally-developed credit rating. If they cannot be corroborated, the fair values are classified as Level 3.    The fair values for each class of security and by valuation hierarchy level are indicated in  Note 4—Investments  under the caption  Fair value measurements  and  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits  under the caption  Pension Plans .   Fair Value Measurements, Other Financial Instruments :  Fair values for cash, short-term investments, short-term debt, mortgage participations, receivables and payables approximate carrying value. Policy loans are an integral part of Torchmark’s subsidiaries’ life insurance policies in force and their fair values cannot be valued separately and apart from the insurance contracts. The fair values of Torchmark’s long-term debt issues are based on the same methodology as investments in fixed maturities. At  December 31, 2017 , observable inputs were available for these debt securities and as such were classified as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy. The fair value for each debt instrument as of  December 31, 2017  is disclosed in  Note 11—Debt .  As described in  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits , Torchmark maintains a nonqualified supplemental retirement plan. Therefore the assets which support the liability for this plan are considered general assets of the Company. These assets consist of the cash value of corporate-owned life insurance policies (COLI) and exchange traded funds (ETFs). The fair value of the insurance cash values approximates carrying value. Fair values for the ETFs are derived from direct quotes and are considered Level 1 in the valuation hierarchy.   Impairment of Investments :  Torchmark’s portfolio of fixed maturities fluctuates in value due to changes in interest rates in the financial markets as well as other factors. Fluctuations caused by market interest rate changes have little bearing on whether or not the investment will be ultimately recoverable. Therefore, Torchmark considers these declines in value resulting from changes in market interest rates to be temporary. In certain circumstances, however, Torchmark determines that the decline in the value of a security is other-than-temporary and writes the book value of the security down to its fair value, realizing an investment loss. The evaluation of Torchmark’s securities for other-than-temporary impairments is a process that is undertaken at least quarterly and is overseen by a team of investment and accounting professionals. Each security, which is impaired because the fair value is less than the cost or amortized cost, is identified  59 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) and evaluated. The determination that an impairment is other-than-temporary is highly subjective and involves the careful consideration of many factors. Among the factors considered are:   • The length of time and extent to which the security has been impaired • The reason(s) for the impairment • The financial condition of the issuer and the prospects for recovery in fair value of the security • The Company’s ability and intent to hold the security until anticipated recovery • Expected future cash flows The relative weight given to each of these factors can change over time as facts and circumstances change. In many cases, management believes it is appropriate to give relatively more weight to prospective factors than to retrospective factors. Prospective factors that are given more weight include prospects for recovery, the Company’s ability and intent to hold the security until anticipated recovery, and expected future cash flows.   Among the facts and information considered in the process are: • Financial statements of the issuer • Changes in credit ratings of the issuer • The value of underlying collateral • News and information included in press releases issued by the issuer • News and information reported in the media concerning the issuer • News and information published by or otherwise provided by credit analysts • The nature and amount of recent and expected future sources and uses of cash • Default on a required payment • Issuer bankruptcy filings While all available information is taken into account, it is difficult to predict the ultimate recoverable amount of a distressed or impaired security. If a security is determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired, the cost basis of the security is written down to fair value and is treated as a realized loss in the period the determination is made. The written-down security will be amortized and revenue recognized in accordance with estimated future cash flows.   Current accounting guidance is such that if an entity intends to sell or if it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell an impaired security prior to recovery of its cost basis, the security is to be considered other-than-temporarily impaired and the full amount of impairment must be charged to earnings. Otherwise, losses on fixed maturities which are other-than-temporarily impaired are separated into two categories, the portion of loss which is considered credit loss and the portion of loss which is due to other factors. The credit loss portion is charged to earnings while the loss due to other factors is charged to other comprehensive income. The credit loss portion of an impairment is determined as the difference between the security’s amortized cost and the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the security’s original effective yield rate. The temporary portion is the difference between this present value of expected future cash flows and fair value (as discounted by a market yield). The expected cash flows are determined using judgment and the best information available to the Company. Inputs used to derive expected cash flows include expected default rates, current levels of subordination, and loan-to-collateral value ratios.   Cash :  Cash consists of balances on hand and on deposit in banks and financial institutions.  Accrued investment income :   Accrued investment income consists of interest income or dividends earned on the investment portfolio, but are yet to be received as of the balance sheet date. 60 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Other Receivables :  Other receivables consist mostly of agent debit balances, which primarily represent commissions advanced to insurance agents. These balances are repaid to the Company over time as the premiums associated with the advanced commissions are collected by the Company and the agents' commissions on such premiums are retained. The balances were  $378 million  and  $353 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. Management believes these balances are recoverable as they are less than the estimated present value of future commissions. Deferred Acquisition Costs : Certain costs of acquiring new insurance business are deferred and recorded as an asset. These costs are essential for the acquisition of new insurance business and are directly related to the successful issuance of an insurance contract including sales commissions, policy issue costs, and underwriting costs. Additionally, deferred acquisition costs (DAC) include the value of business acquired (VOBA), which are the costs of acquiring blocks of insurance from other companies or through the acquisition of other companies. These costs represent the difference between the fair value of the contractual insurance assets acquired and liabilities assumed compared against the assets and liabilities for insurance contracts that the Company issues or holds measured in accordance with GAAP.  DAC and VOBA are amortized in a systematic manner which matches these costs with the associated revenues. Policies other than universal life-type policies are amortized with interest over the estimated premium-paying period of the policies in a manner which charges each year’s operations in proportion to the receipt of premium income. Universal life-type policies are amortized with interest in proportion to estimated gross profits. The assumptions used to amortize acquisition costs with regard to interest, mortality, morbidity, and persistency are consistent with those used to estimate the liability for future policy benefits. For interest-sensitive and deposit-balance type products, these assumptions are reviewed on a regular basis and are revised if actual experience differs significantly from original expectations. For all other products, amortization assumptions are generally not revised once established.  DAC are subject to periodic recoverability and loss recognition testing to determine if there is a premium deficiency. These tests evaluate whether the present value of future contract-related cash flows will support the capitalized DAC asset. These cash flows consist primarily of premium income, less benefits and expenses taking inflation into account. The present value of these cash flows, less the benefit reserve, is then compared with the unamortized deferred acquisition cost balance. In the event the estimated present value of net cash flows is less, the deficiency would be recognized by a charge to earnings and either a reduction of unamortized acquisition costs or an increase in the liability for future benefits, as described under the caption  Future Policy Benefits . Advertising Costs : Costs related to advertising are generally charged to expense as incurred. However, certain Globe Life Direct Response advertising costs are capitalized when there is a reliable and demonstrated relationship between total costs and future benefits that is a direct result of incurring these costs. Globe Life Direct Response advertising costs consist primarily of the production and distribution costs of direct mail advertising materials, and when capitalized are included as a component of DAC. They are amortized in the same manner as other DAC. Globe Life Direct Response advertising costs charged to earnings and included in other operating expense were  $9.3 million ,  $9.3 million , and  $9.7 million  in  2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , respectively. At  December 31, 2017 , unamortized capitalized advertising costs included within DAC were  $1.28 billion  at  December 31, 2017  and  $1.25 billion  at  December 31, 2016 . Goodwill :  The excess cost of a business acquired over the fair value of net assets acquired is reported as goodwill. Goodwill is subject to impairment testing in accordance with GAAP on an annual basis, or whenever potential impairment triggers occur. The Company may perform a qualitative analysis under certain circumstances, or perform a two-step quantitative analysis. In the qualitative analysis, the Company determines if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount by assessing current events and circumstances. If there are factors present indicating potential impairment, the Company would proceed to the two-step quantitative analysis. In the two-step quantitative analysis, the Company utilizes two approaches, income and market, to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. In the income approach, judgment and assumptions are used in developing the projected cash flows for the reporting units, and such estimates are subject to change. The Company also exercises judgment in the determination of the discount rate as management believes this to be appropriate for the risk associated with the cash flow expectations. In the market approach, the Company utilizes the share price and a control premium based  61 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) on businesses with similar assets to determine a fair value. In both cases, the fair value of each reporting unit is then measured against that reporting unit’s corresponding carrying value. In the event the fair value is less than the carrying value, further testing is required under the accounting guidance to determine the amount of impairment, if any. If there is an impairment in the goodwill of any reporting unit, it is written down and charged to earnings in the period of the test. Torchmark tested its goodwill annually as of June 30th in each of the years  2015  through  2017 . Torchmark’s goodwill was not impaired in any of those periods. Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Interests :  Torchmark invests in limited partnerships that provide low-income housing tax credits and other related federal income tax benefits to Torchmark. The carrying value of Torchmark’s investment in these entities was  $228 million  and  $280 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively and was included in "Other assets" on the  Consolidated Balance Sheets.  As of  December 31, 2017 , Torchmark was obligated under future commitments of  $34 million , which are recorded in "Other liabilities". For guaranteed investments acquired prior to January 1, 2015, the Company utilizes the effective-yield method of amortization while the proportional method of amortization is utilized for all non-guaranteed as well as guaranteed investments acquired on or after January 1, 2015. All amortization expense is recorded in "Income tax benefit (expense)" on the  Consolidated Statements of Operations .  Property and Equipment :  Property and equipment, included in “Other assets,” is reported at cost less allowances for depreciation. Depreciation is recorded primarily on the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of these assets which range from  three  to  five  years for equipment and  ten  to  forty  years for buildings and improvements. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to income as incurred. Impairments, if any, are recorded when certain events and circumstances become evident that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. Original cost of property and equipment was  $217 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  $196 million  at  December 31, 2016 . Accumulated depreciation was  $109 million  at year end  2017  and  $99 million  at the end of  2016 . Depreciation expense was  $10.5 million  in  2017 ,  $9.8 million  in  2016 , and  $8.0 million  in  2015 . Internally generated software costs are expensed as incurred in the preliminary project phase and post-implementation phase, and will be capitalized during the application development stage.  Future Policy Benefits :  The liability for future policy benefits for annuity and universal life-type products is represented by policy account value. The liability for future policy benefits for all other life and health products, approximately  87%  of total future policy benefits, is determined on the net level premium method. This method provides for the present value of expected future benefit payments less the present value of expected future net premiums, based on estimated investment yields, mortality, morbidity, persistency and other assumptions which were considered appropriate at the time the policies were issued. For limited-payment contracts, a deferred profit liability is also recorded which causes profits to emerge over the life of the contract in proportion to policies in force.  Assumptions used for traditional life and health insurance products are based primarily on Company experience. Assumptions for interest rates range from  2.5%  to  7.0%  for Torchmark’s insurance companies with an overall weighted average assumed rate of  5.80% . Mortality tables used for individual life insurance include various statutory tables and modifications of a variety of generally accepted actuarial tables. Morbidity assumptions for individual health are based on Company experience and industry data. Withdrawal and termination assumptions are based on Torchmark’s experience. Once established, assumptions for these products are generally not changed. An additional provision is made on most products to allow for possible adverse deviation from the assumptions. These estimates are reviewed annually and compared with actual experience. If it is determined that existing contract liabilities, together with the present value of future gross premiums, will not be sufficient to cover the present value of future benefits and to recover unamortized deferred acquisition costs, then a premium deficiency exists. Such a deficiency would be recognized immediately by a charge to earnings and either a reduction of unamortized deferred acquisition costs or an increase in the liability for future policy benefits. From that point forward, the liability for future policy benefits would be based on revised assumptions. 62 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Policy Claims and Other Benefits Payable :  Torchmark establishes a liability for known policy benefits payable and an estimate of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported to the Company. Torchmark makes an estimate of unreported claims after careful evaluation of all information available to the Company. This estimate is based on prior experience and is reviewed quarterly. However, there is no certainty the stated liability for claims and other benefits, including the estimate of unsubmitted claims, will be Torchmark’s ultimate obligation. Income Taxes :  Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement book values and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.    On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Legislation) was enacted into law which changed existing tax law, including a reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018. The Company recorded  $877 million  of tax benefits in net income in 2017 as a result of re-measuring its deferred assets and liabilities using the lower corporate tax rate as of the date of enactment. Based on the analysis of the Tax Legislation, the Company was able to determine that this amount is a reasonable estimate of the impact of the Tax Legislation in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 118. However, the Company will continue to analyze relevant information to complete the accounting for income taxes which may result in an adjustment to tax expense in 2018. The accounting is expected to be complete when the 2017 U.S. corporate income tax returns are filed later in 2018.  More information concerning income taxes is provided in   Note 8—Income Taxes . Postretirement Benefits :  Torchmark accounts for its postretirement defined benefit plans by recognizing the funded status of those plans on its  Consolidated Balance Sheets  in accordance with accounting guidance. Periodic gains and losses attributable to changes in plan assets and liabilities that are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs are recognized as components of other comprehensive income, net of tax. More information concerning the accounting and disclosures for postretirement benefits is found in  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits . Treasury Stock :  Torchmark accounts for purchases of treasury stock on the cost method. Issuance of treasury stock is accounted for using the weighted-average cost method. More information is found in  Note 12—Shareholders' Equity . Recognition of Premium Revenue and Related Expenses :  Premium income for traditional long-duration life and health insurance products is recognized evenly over the contract period and when due from the policyholder. Premiums for short-duration health contracts are recognized as revenue over the contract period in proportion to the insurance protection provided. Premiums for universal life-type and annuity contracts are added to the policy account value, and revenues for such products are recognized as charges to the policy account value for mortality, administration, and surrenders (retrospective deposit method). Life premium includes policy charges of  $17 million ,  $18 million , and  $19 million  for the years ended  December 31, 2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , respectively. Other premium consists of annuity policy charges in each year. For most insurance products, the related benefits and expenses are matched with revenues by means of the provision of future policy benefits and the amortization of DAC in a manner which recognizes profits as they are earned over the revenue recognition period. For limited-payment life insurance products, the profits are recognized over the contract period.   Stock-Based Compensation :  Torchmark accounts for stock-based compensation by recognizing an expense in the financial statements based on the “fair value method.” The fair value method requires that a fair value be assigned to a stock option or other stock grant on its grant date and that this value be amortized over the grantees’ service period.   63 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) The fair value method requires the use of an option valuation model to value employee stock options. Torchmark has elected to use the Black-Scholes valuation model for option expensing. A summary of assumptions for options granted in each of the three years  2015  through  2017  is as follows:   2017   2016   2015 Volatility factor 14.8 %   19.2 %   23.6 % Dividend yield 0.7 %   1.1 %   0.9 % Expected term (in years) 5.71   5.78   5.66 Risk-free rate 2.0 %   1.3 %   1.6 % The expected term is generally derived from Company experience. However, expected terms are determined based on the simplified method as permitted under the ASC 718  Stock Compensation  topic when Company experience is insufficient. The Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan replaced all previous plans and allows for option grants for employees with a  ten -year contractual term which vest over  five  years in addition to  seven -year grants which vest over  three  years as permitted by the previous plans. Director grants vest over  six  months. The Company has sufficient experience with  seven -year grants that vest in  three  years, but insufficient historical experience with  five -year vesting. Therefore, Torchmark has used the simplified method to determine the expected term for the  ten -year grants with  five -year vesting and will do so until adequate experience is developed. Volatility and risk-free interest rates are assumed over a period of time consistent with the expected term of the option. Volatility is measured on a historical basis. Monthly data points are utilized to derive volatility for periods greater than  three  years. Expected dividend yield is based on current dividend yield held constant over the expected term. Once the fair value of an option has been determined, it is amortized on a straight-line basis over the employee’s service period for that grant (from the grant date to the date the grant is fully vested). Expenses for restricted stock and restricted stock units are based on the grant date fair value allocated on a straight-line basis over the service period. Performance share expense is recognized based on management’s estimate of the probability of meeting the metrics identified in the performance share award agreement, assigned to each service period as these estimates develop.   Torchmark management views all stock-based compensation expense as a corporate or Parent Company expense and, therefore, presents it as such in its segment analysis (See  Note 14—Business Segments ). It is included in “Other operating expense” in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations .    Earnings Per Share :  Torchmark presents basic and diluted earnings per common share (EPS) on the face of the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  for income from continuing operations and income from discontinued operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is calculated by adding to shares outstanding the additional net effect of potentially dilutive securities or contracts, such as stock options, which could be exercised or converted into common shares. For more information on earnings per share, see  Note 12—Shareholders’ Equity .   Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in the Current Year : ASU 2018-02 : In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-02,  Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  (AOCI) .  This guidance was issued to  allow the reclassification of taxes from AOCI to retained earnings as a result of the reduction in corporate income tax rates due to Tax Legislation. Current accounting requires the effect of changes in tax rates used to measure deferred tax assets and liabilities to be reported in net income as of the date of enactment even though deferred taxes were previously recognized in AOCI (stranded taxes). This guidance, however, allows a company to elect to reclassify the stranded taxes in AOCI to retained earnings and is effective for years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company elected to early adopt this guidance resulting in a reclassification of  $252 million  from AOCI to retained earnings for the period ended December 31, 2017. See  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity  and  Note 3—Supplemental Information about Changes to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . 64 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted : ASU 2016-01:  In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,  which primarily revises the classification and measurement of certain equity investments such that they will be measured at fair value through net income. Additionally, it eliminates the cost method for partnerships and joint ventures and requires these types of investments to be accounted for under the fair value through net income method or equity method. Lastly, the guidance will require certain disclosures associated with fair value of financial instruments. This standard became effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. The adoption will result in a  $6 million  positive adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as we have minimal ownership interests in equity investments and partnerships. ASU 2016-02:  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which requires all lessees to report a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for leases with a term life greater than 12 months. Operating and financing leases will be recognized on the balance sheet going forward. Additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be required. This standard will become effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019 and will require recognizing and measuring leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on the financial statements. Refer to  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies  for consideration of the noncancelable operating lease commitments. The Company is not a lessor. ASU 2016-13:  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments as well as to change the loss impairment methodology for available-for-sale debt securities by use of an allowance rather than a direct write-down. This standard will become effective on January 1, 2020. The applicable section of the standard related to debt securities requires a prospective transition. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on the financial statements as we have limited credit losses with respect to our available-for-sale portfolio. ASU 2016-15:  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  to provide uniformity in the classification of cash receipts and payments recorded in the statement of cash flows including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon bonds, and proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims. This standard became effective on January 1, 2018 and will not have a significant impact to the classification on our  Statement of Cash Flows . ASU 2016-16:  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other Than Inventory.  This guidance was issued to improve the accounting for income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory by allowing the immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects. Current guidance prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. This new guidance should be applied on a modified retrospective approach and became effective on January 1, 2018. This adoption will not have a significant impact on the financial statements. ASU 2017-04:   In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04,  Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.  This guidance was issued to simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill through the elimination of Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test which required a hypothetical purchase price allocation. It will become effective on January 1, 2020 and should be applied on a prospective basis. This adoption will not have an impact to the financial statements. 65 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued) ASU 2017-07:  In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07,  Compensation—Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost.  This guidance was issued to simplify the reporting of pension costs by disaggregating the service-cost component from the other components of net benefit costs and reporting it separately on the income statement. The service-cost component is the only component of net benefit cost that will be eligible for capitalization. The guidance became effective on January 1, 2018 with a retrospective transition method for separation of net benefit costs and a prospective transition method for the capitalization of service costs. The Company expects the adoption to add an additional  $3  to  $5 million  in expense to the 2018  Consolidated Statements of Operations  due to the elimination of the ability to capitalize a portion of the benefit costs. ASU 2017-08:  In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-08,  Receivables—Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs (Topic 310-20): Premium Amortization on Purchased Callable Debt Securities.  This guidance was issued to shorten the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. The guidance requires the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date. It will become effective on January 1, 2019 with early adoption permitted, including during interim periods. The adoption is to be applied on a modified retrospective basis through an adjustment to retained earnings. This adoption will not have a significant impact on the financial statements. ASU 2017-09:  In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09,  Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting.  This guidance was issued to provide clarity and guidance regarding changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award that requires an entity to apply modification accounting. It became effective on January 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted, including adoption in any interim periods. The adoption will have a minimal impact on the financial statements as modifications to stock compensation are infrequent. 66 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 2—Statutory Accounting Life insurance subsidiaries of Torchmark are required to file statutory financial statements with state insurance regulatory authorities. Accounting principles used to prepare these statutory financial statements differ from GAAP. Consolidated net income and shareholders’ equity (capital and surplus) on a statutory basis for the insurance subsidiaries were as follows:   Net Income   Shareholders’ Equity   Year Ended December 31,   At December 31,   2017   2016   2015   2017   2016 Life insurance subsidiaries $ 426,285   $ 429,563   $ 393,466   $ 1,254,875   $ 1,335,070   The excess, if any, of shareholder’s equity of the insurance subsidiaries on a GAAP basis over that determined on a statutory basis is not available for distribution by the insurance subsidiaries to Torchmark without regulatory approval. Insurance subsidiaries’ statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements in the aggregate was  $458 million  at  December 31, 2017 . More information on the restrictions on the payment of dividends can be found in  Note 12—Shareholders’ Equity .   Torchmark’s statutory financial statements are presented on the basis of accounting practices prescribed by the insurance department of the state of domicile of each insurance subsidiary. While all states have adopted the National Association of Insurance Commissioners’ (NAIC) statutory accounting practices (NAIC SAP) as the basis for statutory accounting, certain states have retained prescribed practices of their respective insurance code or administrative code which can differ from NAIC SAP. For Torchmark’s life insurance companies, there are no significant differences between NAIC SAP and the accounting practices prescribed by the states of domicile. 67 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 3—Supplemental Information about Changes to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income An analysis in the change in balance by component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income is as follows for each of the years  2015  through  2017 .   Components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income For the 12 months ended December 31, 2015: Available for Sale Assets   Deferred Acquisition Costs   Foreign Exchange   Pension Adjustments   Total Balance at January 1, 2015 $ 1,090,273   $ (10,758 )   $ 17,386   $ (99,449 )   $ 997,452 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax (759,976 )   5,643   (13,759 )   (8,930 )   (777,022 ) Reclassifications, net of tax 2,036   —   —   9,481   11,517 Other comprehensive income (loss) (757,940 )   5,643   (13,759 )   551   (765,505 ) Balance at December 31, 2015 332,333   (5,115 )   3,627   (98,898 )   231,947                     For the 12 months ended December 31, 2016:                   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 356,016   (1,567 )   1,340   (20,736 )   335,053 Reclassifications, net of tax 3,965   —   —   6,609   10,574 Other comprehensive income (loss) 359,981   (1,567 )   1,340   (14,127 )   345,627 Balance at December 31, 2016 692,314   (6,682 )   4,967   (113,025 )   577,574                     For the 12 months ended December 31, 2017:                   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 621,619   (350 )   8,452   (20,753 )   608,968 Reclassifications, net of tax (22,751 )   —   —   8,083   (14,668 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 598,868   (350 )   8,452   (12,670 )   594,300 Reclassifications, Tax reform (1) 278,107   (1,515 )   2,883   (27,075 )   252,400 Balance at December 31, 2017 $ 1,569,289   $ (8,547 )   $ 16,302   $ (152,770 )   $ 1,424,274   (1) Income tax effects of certain items were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings to remove stranded tax effects as a result of early adoption of ASU No. 2018-02,  Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . See further discussion in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies . 68 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 3—Supplemental Information about Changes to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (continued) Reclassification adjustments out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income are presented below for each of the years  2015  through  2017 .   Reclassification Adjustments     Year Ended December 31,     Component Line Item   2017   2016   2015   Affected line items in the Statement of Operations Unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale assets:                 Realized (gains) losses   $ (34,954 )   $ 10,285   $ 9,478   Realized investment gains (losses) Amortization of (discount) premium   (47 )   (4,185 )   (6,346 )   Net investment income Total before tax   (35,001 )   6,100   3,132     Tax   12,250   (2,135 )   (1,096 )   Income taxes Total after tax   (22,751 )   3,965   2,036     Pension adjustments:                 Amortization of prior service cost   476   477   377   Other operating expenses Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss   11,960   9,691   14,209   Other operating expenses Total before tax   12,436   10,168   14,586     Tax   (4,353 )   (3,559 )   (5,105 )   Income taxes Total after tax   8,083   6,609   9,481     Total reclassifications (after tax)   $ (14,668 )   $ 10,574   $ 11,517     69 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 4—Investments Portfolio Composition :   A summary of fixed maturities available for sale by cost or amortized cost and estimated fair value at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  is as follows: 2017: Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value (1)   % of Total Fixed Maturities (2) Fixed maturities available for sale:                   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises $ 390,646   $ 18,173   $ (1,373 )   $ 407,446   2 States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 1,091,960   127,890   (135 )   1,219,715   7 Foreign governments 20,236   1,782   —   22,018   — Corporates, by sector:                   Financial 3,282,526   475,961   (23,392 )   3,735,095   22 Utilities 1,955,737   369,406   (1,298 )   2,323,845   14 Energy 1,619,349   226,140   (25,392 )   1,820,097   11 Other corporate sectors 6,065,803   747,612   (20,616 )   6,792,799   40 Total corporates 12,923,415   1,819,119   (70,698 )   14,671,836   87 Collateralized debt obligations 59,150   20,084   (7,653 )   71,581   — Other asset-backed securities 144,520   4,835   —   149,355   1 Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:                   Financial 336,621   62,892   (2,727 )   396,786   3 Utilities 28,553   2,132   (97 )   30,588   — Total redeemable preferred stocks 365,174   65,024   (2,824 )   427,374   3 Total fixed maturities $ 14,995,101   $ 2,056,907   $ (82,683 )   $ 16,969,325   100 (1) Amount reported in the balance sheet. (2) At fair value. 70 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) 2016: Cost or Amortized Cost   Gross Unrealized Gains   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value (1)   % of Total Fixed Maturities (2) Fixed maturities available for sale:                   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises $ 381,054   $ 895   $ (9,151 )   $ 372,798   3 States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 1,284,605   126,850   (1,327 )   1,410,128   9 Foreign governments 21,701   1,438   (62 )   23,077   — Corporates, by sector:                   Financial 2,963,584   285,037   (45,885 )   3,202,736   21 Utilities 1,875,946   249,701   (12,604 )   2,113,043   14 Energy 1,542,426   127,989   (44,324 )   1,626,091   11 Other corporate sectors 5,601,136   424,021   (84,547 )   5,940,610   39 Total corporates 11,983,092   1,086,748   (187,360 )   12,882,480   85 Collateralized debt obligations 60,726   13,062   (10,285 )   63,503   — Other asset-backed securities 56,410   621   (337 )   56,694   — Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:                   Financial 371,862   43,383   (7,218 )   408,027   3 Utilities 28,600   798   (244 )   29,154   — Total redeemable preferred stocks 400,462   44,181   (7,462 )   437,181   3 Total fixed maturities $ 14,188,050   $ 1,273,795   $ (215,984 )   $ 15,245,861   100 (1) Amount reported in the balance sheet. (2) At fair value. Securities, cash, and short-term investments held on deposit with various state and federal regulatory authorities had an amortized cost and fair value, respectively, of  $657 million  and  $753 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  $600 million  and  $663 million  at  December 31, 2016 . A schedule of fixed maturities available for sale by contractual maturity date at  December 31, 2017  is shown below on an amortized cost basis and on a fair value basis. Actual maturity dates could differ from contractual maturities due to call or prepayment provisions. Amortized Cost   Fair Value Fixed maturities available for sale:       Due in one year or less $ 147,457   $ 149,495 Due after one year through five years 682,932   720,186 Due after five years through ten years 1,397,473   1,567,972 Due after ten years through twenty years 4,701,591   5,519,917 Due after twenty years 7,861,000   8,789,769 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 204,648   221,986 $ 14,995,101   $ 16,969,325   71 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) Analysis of investment operations :   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Net investment income is summarized as follows:           Fixed maturities available for sale $ 817,213   $ 778,912   $ 747,663 Policy loans 39,578   38,436   36,763 Other long-term investments 4,991   2,786   2,021 Short-term investments 948   447   95   862,730   820,581   786,542 Less investment expense (14,845 )   (13,678 )   (12,591 ) Net investment income $ 847,885   $ 806,903   $ 773,951 An analysis of realized gains (losses) from investments is as follows:           Realized investment gains (losses):           Fixed maturities available for sale:           Sales and other $ 35,199   $ (10,645 )   $ (9,479 ) Other-than-temporary impairments (245 )   —   — Other investments (7,302 )   (38 )   688 Loss on redemption on debt (4,041 )   —   —   23,611   (10,683 )   (8,791 ) Applicable tax (6,021 )   3,739   3,077 Realized gains (losses) from investments, net of tax $ 17,590   $ (6,944 )   $ (5,714 ) An analysis of the net change in unrealized investment gains (losses) is as follows:           Fixed maturities available for sale $ 916,413   $ 551,658   $ (1,163,295 ) Other investments 5,008   2,143   (2,737 ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) $ 921,421   $ 553,801   $ (1,166,032 ) Additional information about securities sold is as follows:   At December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Fixed maturities available for sale:           Proceeds from sales (1) $ 67,246   $ 358,285   $ 226,792 Gross realized gains 5,079   6,133   259 Gross realized losses (1,100 )   (32,608 )   (16,894 ) (1) Includes unsettled sales of  $17.9 million  at December 31,  2016 . There were  no  unsettled sales in 2017 or 2015. 72 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) Fair value measurements :  The following tables represent the fair value of fixed maturities measured on a recurring basis at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 :    Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2017 Using: Description Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)   Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total Fair Value Fixed maturities available for sale:               U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises $ —   $ 407,446   $ —   $ 407,446 States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 44   1,219,671   —   1,219,715 Foreign governments —   22,018   —   22,018 Corporates, by sector:               Financial —   3,673,089   62,006   3,735,095 Utilities —   2,168,115   155,730   2,323,845 Energy —   1,779,281   40,816   1,820,097 Other corporate sectors —   6,468,541   324,258   6,792,799 Total corporates —   14,089,026   582,810   14,671,836 Collateralized debt obligations —   —   71,581   71,581 Other asset-backed securities —   135,306   14,049   149,355 Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:               Financial —   396,786   —   396,786 Utilities —   30,588   —   30,588 Total redeemable preferred stocks —   427,374   —   427,374 Total fixed maturities $ 44   $ 16,300,841   $ 668,440   $ 16,969,325 Percentage of total — %   96.1 %   3.9 %   100.0 %   Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2016 Using: Description Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)   Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total Fair Value Fixed maturities available for sale:               U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises $ —   $ 372,798   $ —   $ 372,798 States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 45,302   1,364,826   —   1,410,128 Foreign governments —   23,077   —   23,077 Corporates, by sector:               Financial —   3,141,611   61,125   3,202,736 Utilities —   1,959,143   153,900   2,113,043 Energy —   1,598,976   27,115   1,626,091 Other corporate sectors —   5,623,150   317,460   5,940,610 Total corporates —   12,322,880   559,600   12,882,480 Collateralized debt obligations —   —   63,503   63,503 Other asset-backed securities —   56,694   —   56,694 Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:               Financial —   408,027   —   408,027 Utilities —   29,154   —   29,154 Total redeemable preferred stocks —   437,181   —   437,181 Total fixed maturities $ 45,302   $ 14,577,456   $ 623,103   $ 15,245,861 Percentage of total 0.3 %   95.6 %   4.1 %   100.0 % 73 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) The following table represents changes in fixed maturities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).       Analysis of Changes in Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Asset- backed securities   Collateralized debt Obligations   Corporates   Total Balance at January 1, 2015 $ —   $ 63,232   $ 512,714   $ 575,946 Total gains or losses:               Included in realized gains/losses —   —   1,182   1,182 Included in other comprehensive income —   11,365   (11,925 )   (560 ) Acquisitions —   —   38,600   38,600 Sales —   —   —   — Amortization —   5,536   17   5,553 Other (1) —   (9,751 )   (9,782 )   (19,533 ) Transfers into (out of) Level 3 (2) —   —   —   — Balance at December 31, 2015 —   70,382   530,806   601,188 Total gains or losses:               Included in realized gains/losses —   —   788   788 Included in other comprehensive income —   (3,943 )   6,403   2,460 Acquisitions —   —   33,662   33,662 Sales —   —   —   — Amortization —   5,186   17   5,203 Other (1) —   (8,122 )   (12,076 )   (20,198 ) Transfers into (out of) Level 3 (2) —   —   —   — Balance at December 31, 2016 —   63,503   559,600   623,103 Total gains or losses:               Included in realized gains/losses —   —   —   — Included in other comprehensive income 410   9,654   10,900   20,964 Acquisitions 14,000   —   21,666   35,666 Sales —   —   —   — Amortization —   4,914   17   4,931 Other (1) (361 )   (6,490 )   (9,373 )   (16,224 ) Transfers into (out of) Level 3 (2) —   —   —   — Balance at December 31, 2017 $ 14,049   $ 71,581   $ 582,810   $ 668,440 (1) Includes foreign exchange adjustments and principal repayments.  (2) There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 during the three years ended  2017 .   Acquisitions of Level 3 investments in each of the years  2015  through  2017  are comprised of private-placement fixed maturities managed by an unaffiliated third-party.    74 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements As of  December 31, 2017   Fair Value   Valuation Techniques   Significant Unobservable Input   Range   Weighted Average Asset-backed securities $ 14,049   Determination of credit spread   Credit rating   BBB   BBB   Discounted cash flows   Discount rate   5.35%   5.35% Collateralized debt obligations 71,581   Discounted cash flows   Discount rate   7.0 - 8.25%   8.03% Private placement fixed maturities $ 582,810   Determination of credit spread   Credit rating   A+ to BB-   BBB       Discounted cash flows   Discount rate   2.97 - 7.27%   3.93% $ 668,440                 The private placement fixed maturities and asset-backed securities reported as Level 3 are managed by third party investment managers. These securities are valued based on the contractual cash flows discounted by a yield determined as a treasury benchmark adjusted for a credit spread. The credit spread is developed from observable indices for similar public fixed maturities and unobservable indices for private fixed maturities for corresponding credit ratings. However, the credit ratings for the securities are considered unobservable inputs, as they are assigned by the third party investment manager based on a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the credit underwritten. A higher (lower) credit rating would result in a higher (lower) valuation.  The collateral underlying collateralized debt obligations for which fair values are reported as Level 3 consists primarily of trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurance companies. Collateralized debt obligations are valued at the present value of expected future cash flows using an unobservable discount rate. Expected cash flows are determined by scheduling the projected repayment of the collateral assuming no future defaults, deferrals, or recoveries. The discount rate is risk-adjusted to take these items into account. A significant increase (decrease) in the discount rate will produce a significant decrease (increase) in fair value. Additionally, a significant increase (decrease) in the cash flow expectations would result in a significant increase (decrease) in fair value. For more information regarding valuation procedures, please refer to  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  under the caption  Fair Value Measurements, Investments in Securities .   The following table presents transfers in and out of each of the valuation levels of fair values.   2017   2016   2015   In   Out   Net   In   Out   Net   In   Out   Net Level 1 $ 42,372   $ (597 )   $ 41,775   $ 45,344   $ —   $ 45,344   $ 17,252   $ (49,744 )   $ (32,492 ) Level 2 597   (42,372 )   (41,775 )   —   (45,344 )   (45,344 )   49,744   (17,252 )   32,492 Level 3 —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   Transfers into Level 2 from Level 3 result from the availability of observable market data when a security is valued at the end of a period. Transfers into Level 3 occur when there is a lack of observable market information. Transfers into Level 1 from Level 2 occur when direct quotes are available; transfers from Level 1 into Level 2 result when only observable market data and no direct quotes are available. Transfers between levels are recognized as of the end of the period of transfer. 75 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) Other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) :  Based on the Company's evaluation of its fixed maturities available for sale in an unrealized loss position in accordance with the OTTI policy as described in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies , the Company concluded that there was an other-than-temporary impairment of  $245 thousand  ( $159 thousand , net of tax) during the year ended  December 31, 2017 . For the two years ended December 31, 2016, there were  no  other-than-temporary impairments. As of year end  2017 , previously written down securities remaining in the portfolio were carried at a fair value of  $59 million , or less than  0.4%  of the fair value of the fixed maturity portfolio. Torchmark is continuously monitoring the market conditions impacting its portfolio. While adverse market conditions for an extended duration could lead to some ratings downgrades in certain sectors, Torchmark has the ability and intent to hold these investments to recovery, and does not intend to sell or expect to be required to sell any of its securities in such a position.   76 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) Unrealized gains/loss analysis :  The following tables disclose gross unrealized investment losses by class and major sector of investments at  December 31, 2017  and  December 31, 2016  for the respective periods of time in a loss position. Torchmark considers these investments to be only temporarily impaired.   ANALYSIS OF GROSS UNREALIZED INVESTMENT LOSSES At  December 31, 2017   Less than Twelve Months   Twelve Months or Longer   Total Description of Securities Fair Value   Unrealized Loss   Fair Value   Unrealized Loss   Fair Value   Unrealized Loss Fixed maturities available for sale:                       Investment grade securities:                       U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises $ 34,388   $ (422 )   $ 47,514   $ (951 )   $ 81,902   $ (1,373 ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions 4,561   (21 )   1,771   (9 )   6,332   (30 ) Foreign governments —   —   —   —   —   — Corporates, by sector:                   Financial 133,080   (652 )   35,302   (1,429 )   168,382   (2,081 ) Utilities 48,562   (569 )   32,345   (729 )   80,907   (1,298 ) Energy 23,463   (81 )   67,775   (3,682 )   91,238   (3,763 ) Metals and mining —   —   —   —   —   — Other corporate sectors 220,661   (2,312 )   163,886   (4,257 )   384,547   (6,569 ) Total corporates 425,766   (3,614 )   299,308   (10,097 )   725,074   (13,711 ) Other asset-backed securities —   —   —   —   —   — Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:                       Utilities —   —   5,953   (97 )   5,953   (97 ) Total redeemable preferred stocks —   —   5,953   (97 )   5,953   (97 ) Total investment grade securities 464,715   (4,057 )   354,546   (11,154 )   819,261   (15,211 )                         Below investment grade securities:                       States, municipalities and political subdivisions 200   (105 )   —   —   200   (105 ) Corporates, by sector:               Financial —   —   84,432   (21,311 )   84,432   (21,311 ) Energy 8,114   (104 )   75,204   (21,525 )   83,318   (21,629 ) Metals and mining —   —   —   —   —   — Other corporate sectors 25,334   (5,066 )   54,383   (8,981 )   79,717   (14,047 ) Total corporates 33,448   (5,170 )   214,019   (51,817 )   247,467   (56,987 ) Collateralized debt obligations —   —   12,347   (7,653 )   12,347   (7,653 ) Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:                       Financial —   —   24,376   (2,727 )   24,376   (2,727 ) Total redeemable preferred stocks —   —   24,376   (2,727 )   24,376   (2,727 ) Total below investment grade securities 33,648   (5,275 )   250,742   (62,197 )   284,390   (67,472 ) Total fixed maturities $ 498,363   $ (9,332 )   $ 605,288   $ (73,351 )   $ 1,103,651   $ (82,683 )   77 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) ANALYSIS OF GROSS UNREALIZED INVESTMENT LOSSES At  December 31, 2016     Less than Twelve Months   Twelve Months or Longer   Total Description of Securities Fair Value   Unrealized Loss   Fair Value   Unrealized Loss   Fair Value   Unrealized Loss Fixed maturities available for sale:                       Investment grade securities:                       U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises $ 321,133   $ (8,553 )   $ 1,404   $ (598 )   $ 322,537   $ (9,151 ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions 32,178   (1,114 )   683   (19 )   32,861   (1,133 ) Foreign governments 4,416   (62 )   —   —   4,416   (62 ) Corporates, by sector:           Financial 479,669   (18,666 )   64,335   (4,627 )   544,004   (23,293 ) Utilities 290,732   (11,000 )   16,977   (1,604 )   307,709   (12,604 ) Energy 83,064   (1,076 )   154,908   (18,127 )   237,972   (19,203 ) Metals and mining 5,936   (231 )   5,789   (187 )   11,725   (418 ) Other corporate sectors 1,564,273   (65,131 )   68,968   (6,495 )   1,633,241   (71,626 ) Total corporates 2,423,674   (96,104 )   310,977   (31,040 )   2,734,651   (127,144 ) Other asset-backed securities 41,498   (337 )   —   —   41,498   (337 ) Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:                       Utilities 5,857   (244 )   —   —   5,857   (244 ) Total redeemable preferred stocks 5,857   (244 )   —   —   5,857   (244 ) Total investment grade securities 2,828,756   (106,414 )   313,064   (31,657 )   3,141,820   (138,071 )                         Below investment grade securities:                       States, municipalities and political subdivisions —   —   357   (194 )   357   (194 ) Corporates, by sector:                       Financial —   —   83,174   (22,592 )   83,174   (22,592 ) Energy 15,567   (385 )   91,165   (24,736 )   106,732   (25,121 ) Metals and mining 32,478   (172 )   34,463   (2,023 )   66,941   (2,195 ) Other corporate sectors 51,640   (291 )   95,679   (10,017 )   147,319   (10,308 ) Total corporates 99,685   (848 )   304,481   (59,368 )   404,166   (60,216 ) Collateralized debt obligations —   —   9,714   (10,285 )   9,714   (10,285 ) Redeemable preferred stocks, by sector:                       Financial —   —   19,912   (7,218 )   19,912   (7,218 ) Total redeemable preferred stocks —   —   19,912   (7,218 )   19,912   (7,218 ) Total below investment grade securities 99,685   (848 )   334,464   (77,065 )   434,149   (77,913 ) Total fixed maturities $ 2,928,441   $ (107,262 )   $ 647,528   $ (108,722 )   $ 3,575,969   $ (215,984 )   Gross unrealized losses  decreased  from  $216 million  at year end  2016  to  $83 million  at year end  2017 ,  a decrease of   $133 million . The  decrease  in the gross unrealized losses from prior year was primarily attributable to the improved conditions during  2017  in the energy sector and broadly across all sectors. 78 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) Additional information about fixed maturities available for sale in an unrealized loss position is as follows: Less than Twelve Months   Twelve Months or Longer   Total Number of issues (CUSIP numbers) held:       As of December 31, 2017 92   102   194 As of December 31, 2016 407   94   501   Torchmark’s entire fixed maturity portfolio consisted of  1,502  issues at  December 31, 2017  and  1,565  issues at  December 31, 2016 . The weighted-average quality rating of all unrealized loss positions at amortized cost was  BBB-  for  2017  and  BBB+  for  2016 .  Other investment information :   Other long-term investments consist of the following:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016 Investment in limited partnerships $ 66,522   $ 51,509 Commercial mortgage participations (1) 39,489   — Other 2,548   2,343 Total $ 108,559   $ 53,852 (1) A mortgage participation is a legal right to a prorata interest in a mortgage loan.   Torchmark did not have any invested assets that were non-income producing during the twelve months ended  December 31, 2017 . Concentrations of Credit Risk :   Torchmark maintains a diversified investment portfolio with limited concentration in any given issuer. At  December 31, 2017 , the investment portfolio, at fair value, consisted of the following: Investment grade fixed maturities:   Corporate securities 82 % Securities of state and municipal governments  7 Government-sponsored enterprises 2 Other 1 Below investment grade fixed maturities:   Corporate securities 3 Other 1 Policy loans, which are secured by the underlying insurance policy values 3 Other investments 1   100 % As of  December 31, 2017 , securities of state and municipal governments represented  7%  of invested assets at fair value. Such investments are made throughout the U.S. At yearend  2017 , the state and municipal bond portfolio at fair value was invested in securities issued within the following states:  Texas  ( 29% ),  Ohio  ( 9% ),  Washington  ( 8% ),  Illinois  ( 7% ),  Michigan  ( 5% ), and  Georgia  ( 5% ). Otherwise, there was no concentration within any given state greater than  5% .  79 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 4—Investments (continued) Corporate debt securities and redeemable preferred stocks represent  85%  of Torchmark's investment portfolio. These investments are spread across a wide range of industries. Below are the ten largest industry concentrations held in the corporate portfolio of corporate debt securities and redeemable preferred stocks at  December 31, 2017 , based on fair value: Insurance 16 % Electric utilities 12 Oil and natural gas pipelines 7 Banks 6 Transportation 4 Oil and natural gas exploration and production 4 Chemicals 4 Real estate investment trusts 4 Food 3 Metals and mining 3   At yearend  2017 ,  4%  of invested assets at fair value were represented by fixed maturities rated below investment grade. Par value of these investments was  $790 million , amortized cost was  $702 million , and fair value was  $679 million . While these investments could be subject to additional credit risk, such risk should generally be reflected in their fair value. Note 5—Deferred Acquisition Costs   An analysis of DAC is as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Balance at beginning of year $ 3,783,158   $ 3,617,135   $ 3,457,397 Additions:           Deferred during period:           Commissions 465,920   436,252   401,166 Other expenses 194,214   199,066   211,015 Total deferred 660,134   635,318   612,181 Foreign exchange adjustment 5,712   2,180   — Adjustment attributable to unrealized investment losses (1) —   —   8,682 Total additions 665,846   637,498   620,863 Deductions:           Amortized during period (490,403 )   (469,063 )   (445,625 ) Foreign exchange adjustment —   —   (15,500 ) Adjustment attributable to unrealized investment gains (1) (538 )   (2,412 )   — Total deductions (490,941 )   (471,475 )   (461,125 ) Balance at end of year $ 3,958,063   $ 3,783,158   $ 3,617,135 (1) Represents amounts pertaining to investments relating to universal life-type products. 80 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 6—Discontinued Operations At December 31, 2015, Torchmark met the criteria to account for its Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan business as a discontinued operation. Historically, the business was a reportable segment. Effective July 1, 2016, Torchmark sold its Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan business to an unaffiliated third party.  The sale resulted in a net gain of  $1.8 million  ( $1.2 million  net of tax) in 2016. The operating results from discontinued operations are reflected in income for the twelve months ended  December 31, 2017 . The remaining assets and liabilities reflected on the Torchmark balance sheet related to discontinued operations are receivables and payables associated with the 2016 and prior plan years that are expected to be settled in the ordinary course of business during 2018.  The net assets related to discontinued operations at  December 31, 2017  and  2016  were as follows:   At December 31,   2017   2016 Assets:       Due premiums $ 3,945   $ 8,840 Other receivables (1) 64,575   118,692 Total assets related to discontinued operations 68,520   127,532         Liabilities:       Risk sharing payable 8,731   8,374 Current and deferred income taxes payable 1,077   3,820 Other (2) 40,046   15,230 Total liabilities related to discontinued operations 49,854   27,424         Net assets $ 18,666   $ 100,108 (1) At  December 31, 2017 , other receivables included  $65 million  from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). At  December 31, 2016 , the comparable amounts were  $50 million  from CMS and  $69 million  from drug manufacturer rebates.  (2) At  December 31, 2017 , the balance included  $37.3 million  due to CMS. At  December 31, 2016 , the balance includes  $3.6 million  contingent sale price reserve. 81 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 6—Discontinued Operations (continued) Income from discontinued operations for the three years ended  December 31, 2017  is as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Revenue:           Health premium $ —   $ 222,840   $ 260,657             Benefits and expenses:           Health policyholder benefits 3,827   183,423   213,114 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs —   3,747   3,506 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 763   16,396   20,909 Other operating expense 1,209   5,377   6,502 Total benefits and expenses 5,799   208,943   244,031             Income before income taxes for discontinued operations (5,799 )   13,897   16,626 Gain from sale of discontinued operations —   1,779   — Income taxes 2,030   (5,487 )   (5,819 ) Income from discontinued operations $ (3,769 )   $ 10,189   $ 10,807   Income taxes paid related to discontinued operations for the three years ended  December 31, 2017  were as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Income taxes paid $ 714   $ 15,271   $ 3,409 Note 7—Liability for Unpaid Claims   Activity in the liability for unpaid health claims is summarized as follows:    Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Balance at beginning of year $ 143,128   $ 137,120   $ 128,265 Incurred related to:           Current year 520,528   510,075   502,009 Prior years (8,048 )   (1,127 )   (7,845 ) Total incurred 512,480   508,948   494,164 Paid related to:           Current year 394,506   386,278   379,037 Prior years 114,237   116,662   106,272 Total paid 508,743   502,940   485,309 Balance at end of year $ 146,865   $ 143,128   $ 137,120   82 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) Note 7—Liability for Unpaid Claims (continued) At the end of each period, the liability for unpaid health claims includes an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported to the Company. Such estimates are updated regularly based upon the Company’s most recent claims data with recognition of emerging experience trends. Because of the nature of the Company’s health business, the payment lags are relatively short and most claims are fully paid within a year from the time incurred. Fluctuations in claims experience can lead to either over or under estimation of the liability for any given year. The difference between the estimate made at the end of the prior period and the actual experience during the period is reflected above under the caption “Incurred related to: Prior years.”   The liability for unpaid health claims is included within “Policy claims and other benefits payable” in the  Consolidated Balance Sheets . Short-Duration Contracts Although Torchmark primarily sells long-duration contracts for both life and health, the Company also has a limited amount of group health products that qualify as short-duration contracts in accordance with the applicable guidance. The following table illustrates the total incurred claims for short-duration products over the last five years for the year ended  December 31, 2017 . Claim frequency is determined by duration and incurred date.   For the years ended December 31, 2017   As of December 31, 2017   Cumulative incurred claims (1)   Total of incurred-but-not-reported liabilities plus expected development on reported claims   Cumulative number of reported claims (1) (In thousands) Accident Year 2013   2014   2015   2016   2017         2013 $ 84,111   $ 82,644   $ 83,151   $ 83,119   $ 83,103   $ —   1,337 2014     101,407   99,876   99,810   99,777   —   1,600 2015         141,667   141,460   141,259   17   2,224 2016             140,944   138,899   431   2,158 2017                 134,677   24,259   1,765               Total   $ 597,715   $ 24,707     (1) The incurred claims and cumulative number of reported claims for all years prior to 2017 are unaudited. 83 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) Note 7—Liability for Unpaid Claims (continued) This table illustrates the total cumulative paid claims and allocated claims for short-duration products over the last five years for the year ended  December 31, 2017 .     Cumulative paid claims (1)     For the years ended December 31, Accident Year   2013   2014   2015   2016   2017 2013   $ 68,159   $ 82,408   $ 83,131   $ 83,119   $ 83,103 2014       81,054   99,545   99,791   99,777 2015           115,922   140,982   141,242 2016               114,720   138,468 2017                   110,418                 Total   573,008 Short-duration claim liability as of December 31, 2017     24,707         Total incurred claims & IBNR     $ 597,715 (1) The cumulative paid claims for all years prior to 2017 are unaudited. Below is the reconciliation of the net incurred and paid claims development tables to the liability for "Policy claims and other benefits payable" in the  Consolidated Balance Sheets .   December 31, 2017   December 31, 2016 Policy claims and other benefits payable:       Short-duration products $ 24,707   $ 26,721 Insurance lines other than short duration—health 122,158   116,407 Total health 146,865   143,128 Insurance lines other than short duration—life 186,429   156,437 Total policy claims and other benefits payable $ 333,294   $ 299,565 Note 8—Income Taxes   The components of income taxes were as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations $ (627,615 )   $ 232,645   $ 249,894             Shareholders’ equity:           Other comprehensive income (loss) 318,475   186,206   (411,646 ) Tax basis compensation expense (from the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards) in excess of amounts recognized for financial reporting purposes  —   —   (17,577 )   $ (309,140 )   $ 418,851   $ (179,329 )   84 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 8—Income Taxes (continued) Income tax (benefit) expense from continuing operations consists of:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Current income tax (benefit) expense $ 138,262   $ 132,806   $ 174,284 Deferred income tax (benefit) expense (765,877 )   99,839   75,610   $ (627,615 )   $ 232,645   $ 249,894   In each of the years  2015  through  2017 , deferred income tax (benefit) expense was incurred because of certain differences between net income before income taxes as reported on the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  and taxable income as reported on Torchmark’s income tax returns. As explained in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies ,  these differences caused the financial statement book values of some assets and liabilities to be different from their respective tax bases.  As discussed in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies , due to the passage of the Tax Legislation before December 31, 2017, the Company recorded  $877 million  reduction in deferred income tax expense related to a one-time adjustment to reduce its net deferred tax liability as of December 22, 2017, as required by ASC 740  Income Taxes , due to the reduction in the income tax rate. This adjustment to the Company's net deferred tax liability included  $252 million  related to items included in AOCI. Although many aspects of the Tax Legislation are not effective until 2018, the Company recorded a reasonable estimate for the tax reform adjustment in accordance with SAB 118. We will continue to analyze relevant information to complete our accounting for income taxes which may result in an adjustment to our estimate in 2018. The accounting is expected to be complete when the 2017 U.S. corporate income tax return is filed later in 2018. The effective income tax rate differed from the expected  35%  rate as shown below:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   %   2016   %   2015   % Expected income taxes $ 290,727   35.0   $ 270,282   35.0   $ 268,165   35.0 Increase (reduction) in income taxes resulting from:                       Tax reform adjustment (877,400 )   (105.6 )   —   —   —   — Low income housing investments (18,515 )   (2.2 )   (18,202 )   (2.4 )   (19,031 )   (2.5 ) Share-based awards (19,549 )   (2.4 )   (18,653 )   (2.4 )   —   — Other (2,878 )   (0.4 )   (782 )   (0.1 )   760   0.1 Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations $ (627,615 )   (75.6 )   $ 232,645   30.1   $ 249,894   32.6 85 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 8—Income Taxes (continued) The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below:   December 31,   2017   2016 Deferred tax assets:       Fixed maturity investments $ 8,692   $ 15,004 Carryover of tax losses 4,760   3,906 Total gross deferred tax assets 13,452   18,910 Deferred tax liabilities:       Unrealized gains 380,251   315,509 Employee and agent compensation 65,576   92,131 Deferred acquisition costs 618,889   975,873 Future policy benefits, unearned and advance premiums, and policy claims 248,752   391,451 Other liabilities 11,289   3,987 Total gross deferred tax liabilities 1,324,757   1,778,951 Net deferred tax liability $ 1,311,305   $ 1,760,041 Income Tax Return : Torchmark and its subsidiaries, excluding Family Heritage Life Insurance Company (Family Heritage), file a life-nonlife consolidated federal income tax return. Family Heritage files its federal income tax return on a separate company basis. The statutes of limitations for the Internal Revenue Service's examination and assessment of additional tax are closed for all tax years prior to 2014 with respect to Torchmark’s consolidated and Family Heritage’s federal income tax returns. Management believes that adequate provision has been made in the consolidated financial statements for any potential assessments that may result from current or future tax examinations and other tax-related matters for all open years.   Valuations : Torchmark has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately  $22.7 million  at  December 31, 2017  which will begin to expire in 2033 if not otherwise used to offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is to be provided when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized by the Company.  No  valuation allowance has been recorded relating to Torchmark’s deferred tax assets as management believes Torchmark will more likely than not have sufficient taxable income in future periods to fully realize its existing deferred tax assets. Torchmark’s tax liability is adjusted to include a provision for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. However, during the years  2015  through  2017 , Torchmark did not have any uncertain tax positions which resulted in unrecognized tax benefits.   Tax penalties:   Torchmark’s continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company recognized interest income of  $5 thousand ,  $9 thousand , and  $11 thousand , net of federal income tax expense, in its  Consolidated Statements of Operations  for  2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , respectively. The Company had  no  accrued interest or penalties at  December 31, 2017  or  2016 . 86 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 9—Postretirement Benefits   Torchmark has qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and contributory savings plans which cover substantially all employees. There are also  two  nonqualified noncontributory supplemental executive retirement plans (SERPs) which cover a limited number of employees. The total cost of these retirement plans charged to operations was as follows: Year Ended December 31,    Defined  Contribution Plans (1)   Defined  Benefit Pension Plans (2) 2017   $ 4,145   $ 28,828 2016   3,614   24,202 2015   3,429   29,230 (1) 401K plans (2) Qualified pension plans and SERPs   Torchmark accrues expense for the defined contribution plans based on a percentage of the employees’ contributions. The plans are funded by the employee contributions and a Torchmark contribution equal to the amount of accrued expense. Plan contributions are both mandatory and discretionary, depending on the terms of the plan.   Pension Plans :  Cost for the defined benefit pension plans has been calculated on the projected unit credit actuarial cost method. All plan measurements for the defined benefit plans are as of December 31st of the respective year. The defined benefit pension plans covering the majority of employees are qualified and funded. Contributions are made to funded pension plans subject to minimums required by regulation and maximums allowed for tax purposes. Defined benefit plan contributions were  $21.3 million  in  2017 ,  $15.8 million  in  2016 , and  $15.5 million  in  2015 . Torchmark estimates as of  December 31, 2017  that it will contribute an amount in the range of  $30 million  to  $40 million  to these plans in  2018 . The actual amount of contribution may be different from this estimate. Torchmark has  two  SERPs,  one  of which is active and provides to a limited number of executives an additional supplemental defined pension benefit. The supplemental benefit is based on the participant’s qualified plan benefit without consideration to the regulatory limits on compensation and benefit payments applicable to qualified plans, except that eligible compensation is capped at  $1 million . This SERP is nonqualified and unfunded. However, a Rabbi Trust has been established to support the liability for this plan. This trust consists of life insurance policies on the lives of plan participants with an unaffiliated insurance carrier as well as an investment account.  Since this plan is nonqualified, the investments and the policyholder value of the insurance policies in the Rabbi Trust are not included as defined benefit plan assets, but rather assets of the Company. They are included in “Other Assets” in the  Consolidated Balance Sheets .  The second supplemental benefit pension plan is limited to a very select group of employees and was closed as of December 31, 1994. It provides the full benefits that an employee would have otherwise received from a defined benefit plan in the absence of the limitation on benefits payable under a qualified plan. This plan is also nonqualified and unfunded. Pension cost for both supplemental defined benefit plans is determined in the same manner as for the qualified defined benefit plans. 87 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued) The following table includes activity for the SERPs for the three years ended  December 31, 2017 .    Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Premiums paid for insurance coverage $ 2,050   $ 2,050   $ 10,068               December 31,       2017   2016     Total investments:           Company owned life insurance  $ 40,273   $ 37,267     Exchange traded funds 55,442   48,999       $ 95,715   $ 86,266                 Liability:            Active plan $ 81,457   $ 74,687     Closed plan $ 3,008   $ 3,220     Plan assets in the funded plans consist primarily of investments in marketable fixed maturities and equity securities and are valued at fair value. Torchmark measures the fair value of its financial assets, including the assets in its benefit plans, in accordance with accounting guidance which establishes a hierarchy for asset values and provides a methodology for the measurement of value. Please refer to  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  under the caption  Fair Value Measurements ,  Investments in Securities  for a complete discussion of valuation procedures. The following table presents the assets of Torchmark’s defined benefit pension plans for the years ended  December 31, 2017  and  2016 . Pension Assets by Component at  December 31, 2017   Fair Value Determined by:           Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total Amount   % to Total Corporate bonds:                   Financial $   $ 43,451   $   $ 43,451   12 Utilities   46,144     46,144   12 Energy   25,023     25,023   7 Other corporates   65,888     65,888   17 Total corporate bonds —   180,506   —   180,506   48 Exchange traded fund (1) 164,351       164,351   43 Other bonds   256     256   — Other long-term investments   2,304     2,304   1 Guaranteed annuity contract (2)   21,202     21,202   6 Short-term investments 3,984       3,984   1 Other 5,021       5,021   1 Grand Total $ 173,356   $ 204,268   $ —   $ 377,624   100 (1) A fund including marketable securities that mirror the S&P 500 index.  (2) Representing a guaranteed annuity contract issued by Torchmark's subsidiary, American Income Life Insurance Company, to fund the obligations of the American Income Pension Plan. 88 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued) Pension Assets by Component at  December 31, 2016     Fair Value Determined by:           Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)   Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)   Total Amount   % to Total Corporate bonds:                   Financial $   $ 41,578   $   $ 41,578   13 Utilities   43,890     43,890   13 Energy   25,427     25,427   8 Other corporates   49,141     49,141   15 Total corporate bonds —   160,036   —   160,036   49 Exchange traded fund (1) 134,771           134,771   41 Other bonds   258     258   — Guaranteed annuity contract (2)   18,997     18,997   6 Short-term investments 7,391       7,391   2 Other 7,418       7,418   2 Grand Total $ 149,580   $ 179,291   $ —   $ 328,871   100 (1) A fund including marketable securities that mirror the S&P 500 index.  (2) Representing a guaranteed annuity contract issued by Torchmark's subsidiary, American Income Life Insurance Company, to fund the obligations of the American Income Pension Plan.   Torchmark’s investment objectives for its plan assets include preservation of capital, preservation of purchasing power, and long-term growth. Torchmark seeks to preserve capital through investments made in high quality securities with adequate diversification by issuer and industry sector to minimize risk. The portfolio is monitored continuously for changes in quality and diversification mix. The preservation of purchasing power is intended to be accomplished through asset growth, exclusive of contributions and withdrawals, in excess of the rate of inflation. Torchmark intends to maintain investments that when combined with future plan contributions will produce adequate long-term growth to provide for all plan obligations. It is also Torchmark’s objective that the portfolio’s investment return will meet or exceed the return of a balanced market index.   The majority of the securities in the portfolio are highly marketable so that there will be adequate liquidity to meet projected payments. There are no specific policies calling for asset durations to match those of benefit obligations. Allowed investments are limited to equities, fixed maturities, and short-term investments (invested cash). The assets are to be invested in a mix of equity and fixed income investments that best serve the objectives of the pension plan. Factors to be considered in determining the asset mix include funded status, annual pension expense, annual pension contributions, and balance sheet liability. Equities can include common and preferred stocks, securities convertible into equities, mutual funds and exchange traded funds that invest in equities, equity interests in limited partnerships, and other equity-related investments. Primarily, equities are listed on major exchanges and adequate market liquidity is required. Fixed maturities primarily consist of marketable debt securities rated investment grade at purchase by a major rating agency. Short-term investments include fixed maturities with maturities less than one year and invested cash. Short-term investments in commercial paper must be rated at least A-2 by Standard & Poor’s with the issuer rated investment grade. Invested cash is limited to banks rated A or higher. Investments outside of the aforementioned list are not permitted, except by prior approval of the Plan’s Trustees.  The investment portfolio is to be well diversified to avoid undue exposure to a single sector, industry, business, or security. The equity and fixed maturity portfolios are not permitted to invest in any single issuer that would exceed  10%  of total plan assets at the time of purchase. Torchmark does not employ any other special risk management techniques, such as derivatives, in managing the pension investment portfolio. 89 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued) Torchmark's equity securities include an exchange traded fund that mirrors the S&P 500 index which better aligns with a passive approach rather than an actively managed portfolio. At  December 31, 2017 , there were no restricted investments contained in the portfolio. Plan contributions have been invested primarily in fixed maturity and equity securities during the three years ended  December 31, 2017 . The following table discloses the assumptions used to determine Torchmark’s pension liabilities and costs for the appropriate periods. The discount and compensation increase rates are used to determine current year projected benefit obligations and subsequent year pension expense. The long-term rate of return is used to determine current year expense. Differences between assumptions and actual experience are included in actuarial gain or loss. Weighted Average Pension Plan Assumptions For Benefit Obligations at December 31: 2017   2016     Discount Rate 3.75 %   4.27 %     Rate of Compensation Increase 4.37   4.31     For Periodic Benefit Cost for the Year: 2017   2016   2015 Discount Rate 4.27 %   4.64 %   4.23 % Expected Long-Term Returns 6.96   7.19   6.96 Rate of Compensation Increase 4.31   4.33   4.35 The discount rate is determined based on the expected duration of plan liabilities. A yield is then derived based on the current market yield of a hypothetical portfolio of higher-quality corporate bonds which match the liability duration. The rate of compensation increase is projected based on Company experience, modified as appropriate for future expectations. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is management’s best estimate of the average rate of earnings expected to be received on the assets invested in the plan over the benefit period. In determining this assumption, consideration is given to the historical rate of return earned on the assets, the projected returns over future periods, and the discount rate used to compute benefit obligations.   Net periodic pension cost for the defined benefit plans by expense component was as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Service cost—benefits earned during the period $ 17,942   $ 15,502   $ 15,902 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 22,124   21,631   19,887 Expected return on assets (23,597 )   (23,127 )   (21,204 ) Net amortization 12,281   10,135   14,465 Recognition of actuarial loss 78   61   180 Net periodic pension cost $ 28,828   $ 24,202   $ 29,230 90 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued) An analysis of the impact on other comprehensive income (loss) concerning pensions and other postretirement benefits is as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Balance at January 1 $ (173,883 )   $ (152,149 )   $ (152,999 ) Amortization of:           Prior service cost 476   477   377 Net actuarial (gain) loss (1) 11,960   9,691   14,209 Total amortization 12,436   10,168   14,586 Plan amendments —   —   (2,104 ) Experience gain (loss) (31,933 )   (31,902 )   (11,632 ) Balance at December 31 $ (193,380 )   $ (173,883 )   $ (152,149 ) (1) Includes amortization of postretirement benefits other than pensions of  $155 thousand  in  2017 ,  $33 thousand  in  2016 , and  $120 thousand  in  2015 .  The following table presents a reconciliation from the beginning to the end of the year of the projected benefit obligation and plan assets for pensions. This table also presents the amounts previously recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Pension Benefits   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016 Changes in benefit obligation:       Obligation at beginning of year $ 527,522   $ 476,581 Service cost 17,942   15,502 Interest cost 22,124   21,631 Plan amendments —   — Actuarial loss (gain) 55,369   34,667 Benefits paid (20,351 )   (20,859 ) Obligation at end of year 602,606   527,522         Changes in plan assets:       Fair value at beginning of year 328,871   307,596 Return on assets 47,832   26,377 Contributions 21,272   15,757 Benefits paid (20,351 )   (20,859 ) Fair value at end of year 377,624   328,871 Funded status at year end $ (224,982 )   $ (198,651 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of:       Net loss (gain) $ 186,563   $ 167,313 Prior service cost 4,135   4,611 Net amounts recognized at year end $ 190,698   $ 171,924 91 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued) The portion of other comprehensive income that is expected to be reflected in pension expense in  2018  is as follows: Amortization of prior service cost $ 476 Amortization of net actuarial loss 14,543 Total $ 15,019 The accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) for Torchmark’s funded defined benefit pension plans was  $466 million  and  $411 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 , respectively. In the nonqualified plans, the ABO was  $75 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  $69 million  at  2016 .   Torchmark has estimated its expected pension benefits to be paid over the next ten years as of  December 31, 2017 . These estimates use the same assumptions that measure the benefit obligation at December 31,  2016 , taking estimated future employee service into account. Those estimated benefits are as follows: For the year(s)   2018 $ 20,375 2019 22,143 2020 23,840 2021 25,239 2022 27,090 2023-2027 160,075   Postretirement Benefit Plans Other Than Pensions :   Torchmark provides a small postretirement life insurance benefit for most retired employees, and also provides additional postretirement life insurance benefits for certain key employees. The majority of the life insurance benefits are accrued over the working lives of active employees. Otherwise, Torchmark does not provide postretirement benefits other than pensions and the life insurance benefits described above.   Torchmark’s postretirement defined benefit plans other than pensions are not funded. Liabilities for these plans are measured as of December 31 for the appropriate year.   The components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost for plans other than pensions are as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Service cost $ —   $ —   $ — Interest cost on benefit obligation 1,132   1,139   1,075 Expected return on plan assets —   —   — Net amortization 155   33   120 Recognition of net actuarial (gain) loss 167   (132 )   367 Net periodic postretirement benefit cost $ 1,454   $ 1,040   $ 1,562   92 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued) The following table presents a reconciliation of the benefit obligation and plan assets from the beginning to the end of the year. As these plans are unfunded, funded status is equivalent to the accrued benefit liability. Benefits Other Than Pensions   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016 Changes in benefit obligation:       Obligation at beginning of year $ 23,721   $ 22,479 Service cost —   — Interest cost 1,132   1,139 Actuarial loss (gain) 1,045   412 Benefits paid (285 )   (309 ) Obligation at end of year 25,613   23,721         Changes in plan assets:       Fair value at beginning of year —   — Return on assets —   — Contributions 285   309 Benefits paid (285 )   (309 ) Fair value at end of year —   — Funded status at year end $ (25,613 )   $ (23,721 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income:       Net loss (1) $ 2,682   $ 1,959 Net amounts recognized at year end $ 2,682   $ 1,959 (1) The net loss for benefit plans other than pensions reduces other comprehensive income. The table below presents the assumptions used to determine the liabilities and costs of Torchmark’s postretirement benefit plans other than pensions.   Weighted Average Assumptions for Postretirement Benefit Plans Other Than Pensions For Benefit Obligations at December 31: 2017   2016     Discount Rate 3.76 %   4.29 %     For Periodic Benefit Cost for the Year: 2017   2016   2015 Discount Rate 4.29 %   4.66 %   4.23 % 93 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)   Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued) Estimated Future Payments for Post-Retirement Benefit Plans Other Than Pensions For the year(s)   2018 $ 1,228 2019 1,278 2020 1,311 2021 1,344 2022 1,386 2023-2027 7,515 Note 10—Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information   The following table summarizes Torchmark’s noncash transactions, which are not reflected on the  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Stock-based compensation not involving cash $ 37,034   $ 26,326   $ 28,664 Commitments for low-income housing interests 33,846   56,818   68,949 Exchanges of fixed maturity investments 84,312   224,901   — Net unsettled security trades —   15,020   —   The following table summarizes certain amounts paid during the period:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Interest paid $ 82,494   $ 81,338   $ 74,792 Income taxes paid 74,379   79,790   110,650   94 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 11—Debt   The following table presents information about the terms and outstanding balances of Torchmark’s debt.    Selected Information about Debt Issues                As of December 31,                2017   2016   Annual Interest Rate   Issue Date   Periodic Interest Payments Due   Outstanding Principal (Par Value)   Outstanding Principal (Book Value)   Outstanding Principal (Fair Value)   Outstanding Principal (Book Value) Long-term debt:                           Notes, due 5/15/23 (3,5) 7.875 %   5/93   5/15 & 11/15   $ 165,612   $ 164,284   $ 195,786   $ 164,095 Senior Notes, due 6/15/19 (3,7) 9.250 %   6/09   6/15 & 12/15   292,647   291,888   320,697   291,424 Senior Notes, due 9/15/22 (3,7) 3.800 %   9/12   3/15 & 9/15   150,000   148,477   155,000   148,189 Junior Subordinated Debentures due 12/15/52 (4,8,12) 5.875 %   9/12   quarterly   —   —   —   120,929 Junior Subordinated Debentures due 3/15/36 (4,6,12) 4.888 % (13)   (11)     quarterly   20,000   20,000   20,000   20,000 Junior Subordinated Debentures due 6/15/56 (4,9) 6.125 %   4/16   quarterly   300,000   290,460   321,120   290,403 Junior Subordinated Debentures due 11/17/57 (4,10) 5.275 %   11/17   6/15 & 12/15   125,000   123,342   122,039   — Term loan due 5/17/21 (1,6) 2.600 % (14)   6/16   monthly   98,125   98,125   98,125   100,000               1,151,384   1,136,576   1,232,767   1,135,040 Less current maturity of term loan   4,375   4,375   4,375   1,875 Total long-term debt   1,147,009   1,132,201   1,228,392   1,133,165                             Short-term debt:                           Current maturity of term loan   4,375   4,375   4,375   1,875 Commercial paper (2)   324,250   323,692   323,692   262,600 Total short-term debt   328,625   328,067   328,067   264,475                             Total debt   $ 1,475,634   $ 1,460,268   $ 1,556,459   $ 1,397,640 (1) The term loan has higher priority than all other debt issues. (2) Commercial paper has priority over all other debt except the term loan. (3) All securities, other than the term loan, commercial paper and Junior Subordinated Debentures have equal priority with one another.   (4) All Junior Subordinated Debentures have equal priority, but are subordinate to all other issues. (5) Not callable. (6) Callable anytime. (7) Callable subject to “make-whole” premium. (8) Redeemed on December 22, 2017. (9) Callable at any time on or after June15, 2021, and prior to this date upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or Rating Agency Event. (10) Callable at any time on or after November 17, 2022, and prior to this date upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or Rating Agency Event. (11) Assumed upon November 1, 2012 acquisition of Family Heritage. (12) Quarterly payments on the 15th of March, June, September, and December. (13) Interest paid at   3 Month LIBOR plus  330 basis points, resets each quarter. (14) Interest paid at   1 Month LIBOR plus  125 basis points, resets each month. 95 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents      TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 11—Debt (continued) Contractual Debt Obligations :  The following table presents expected scheduled principal payments under our contractual debt obligations:   Year Ended December 31,   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   Thereafter Debt obligations $ 328,625   $ 299,522   $ 9,375   $ 77,500   $ 150,000   $ 610,612 Funded debt :  On November 17, 2017, Torchmark completed the issuance and sale of  $125 million  in aggregate principal of Torchmark’s  5.275%  Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2057. The debentures were sold in a private placement pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. The initial purchaser of the debentures was outside the United States. The net proceeds from the sale of the debentures were  $123.3 million , after giving effect to the discount payable to the initial purchaser and expenses of the offering of the debentures. Torchmark used the net proceeds from the offering of the debentures to repay the  $125 million  outstanding principal, plus accrued interest of  $143 thousand  on the  5.875%  Junior Subordinated Debentures on December 22, 2017. The Debentures were due December 15, 2052 and were callable beginning December 15, 2017. O n April 5, 2016, Torchmark completed the issuance and sale of  $300 million  in aggregate principal of Torchmark’s  6.125%  Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2056. The debentures were sold pursuant to Torchmark’s shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed September 25, 2015. The net proceeds from the sale of the debentures were  $290 million , after giving effect to the underwriting discount and expenses of the offering of the debentures. Torchmark used the net proceeds from the offering of the debentures to repay the  $250 million  outstanding principal, plus accrued interest of  $8 million , on the  6.375%  Senior Notes that were due June 15, 2016. The remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. Credit Facility :  On May 17, 2016, Torchmark amended its credit facility to include, as a part of the facility, the issuance of a  $100 million  term loan and to extend the maturity date of the entire credit facility to May 2021. The facility is further designated as a back-up credit line for a commercial paper program under which the Company may either borrow from the credit line or issue commercial paper at any time, with total commercial paper outstanding not to exceed the facility maximum of  $750 million , less any letters of credit issued. Interest is charged at variable rates. The term loan will be repaid on a redemption schedule which provides for quarterly installments that began June 30, 2017 that escalate each annual period with a balloon payment of  $75 million  due in May 2021. Interest on the term loan is computed and paid monthly at 125 basis points plus 1 Month LIBOR. In accordance with the agreement, Torchmark is subject to certain covenants regarding capitalization. As of  December 31, 2017 , the Company was in full compliance with these covenants. Commercial paper outstanding and any amortization payments of the term loan due within one year are reported as short-term debt on the  Consolidated Balance Sheets . A table presenting selected information concerning Torchmark’s commercial paper borrowings is presented below.   Credit Facility - Commercial Paper   At December 31,   2017   2016 Balance at end of period (at par value) $ 324,250   $ 262,850 Annualized interest rate 1.78 %   0.96 % Letters of credit outstanding $ 177,000   $ 177,000 Remaining amount available under credit line 248,750   310,150 96 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents      TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 11—Debt (continued)   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Average balance outstanding during period $ 323,429   $ 301,550   $ 350,851 Daily-weighted average interest rate (annualized) 1.30 %   0.83 %   0.43 % Maximum daily amount outstanding during period $ 455,912   $ 412,676   $ 458,110   Note 12—Shareholders’ Equity   Share Data:   A summary of preferred and common share activity is presented in the following chart.    Preferred Stock   Common Stock   Issued   Treasury Stock   Issued   Treasury Stock 2015:               Balance at January 1, 2015 —   —   134,218,183   (6,287,907 ) Grants of restricted stock       6,648 Forfeitures of restricted stock       (13,950 ) Vesting of performance shares       211,287 Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options       1,576,485 Treasury stock acquired       (7,340,794 ) Retirement of treasury stock     (4,000,000 )   4,000,000 Balance at December 31, 2015 —   —   130,218,183   (7,848,231 ) 2016:               Grants of restricted stock       12,549 Forfeitures of restricted stock       — Vesting of performance shares       159,020 Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options       2,184,169 Treasury stock acquired       (6,694,582 ) Retirement of treasury stock     (3,000,000 )   3,000,000 Balance at December 31, 2016 —   —   127,218,183   (9,187,075 ) 2017:               Grants of restricted stock       9,135 Vesting of performance shares       119,896 Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options       1,661,808 Treasury stock acquired       (5,228,868 ) Retirement of treasury stock     (3,000,000 )   3,000,000 Balance at December 31, 2017 —   —   124,218,183   (9,625,104 )   Acquisition of Common Shares :  Torchmark shares are acquired from time to time through open market purchases under the Torchmark stock repurchase program when it is believed to be the best use of Torchmark’s excess cash flows. Share repurchases under this program were  4.1 million  shares at a cost of  $325 million  in  2017 ,  5.2 million  shares at a cost of  $311 million  in  2016 , and  6.3 million  shares at a cost of  $359 million  in  2015 . When stock options are exercised, proceeds from the exercises are generally used to repurchase approximately the number of shares available with those funds in order to reduce dilution. Shares repurchased for dilution purposes were  1.1 million  shares at a cost of  $88 million  in  2017 ,  1.5 million  shares at a cost of  $93 million  in  2016 , and  1.0 million  shares at a cost of  $60 million  in  2015 . 97 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 12—Shareholders’ Equity (continued) Retirement of Treasury Stock :   Torchmark retired  3.0 million  shares of treasury stock in  2017 ,  3.0 million  in  2016 , and  4.0 million  in  2015 .   Restrictions :  Restrictions exist on the flow of funds to Torchmark from its insurance subsidiaries. Statutory regulations require life insurance subsidiaries to maintain certain minimum amounts of capital and surplus. Dividends from insurance subsidiaries of Torchmark  are restricted based on regulations by their states of domicile . Additionally, insurance company distributions are generally not permitted in excess of statutory surplus. Subsidiaries are also subject to certain minimum capital requirements. Subsidiaries of Torchmark paid cash dividends to the Parent Company in the amount of  $454 million  in  2017 ,  $438 million  in  2016 , and  $466 million  in  2015 . As of  December 31, 2017 , dividends and transfers from insurance subsidiaries to parent available to be paid in  2018  are limited to the amount of  $315 million  without regulatory approval, such that  $940 million  was considered restricted net assets of the subsidiaries. Dividends exceeding these limitations may be available during the year pending regulatory approval. While there are no legal restrictions on the payment of dividends to shareholders from Torchmark’s retained earnings, retained earnings as of  December 31, 2017  were restricted by lenders’ covenants which require the Company to maintain and not distribute  $3.5 billion  from its total consolidated retained earnings of  $4.8 billion .    Earnings Per Share :   A reconciliation of basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 116,342,529   120,001,191   125,094,628 Weighted average dilutive options outstanding 2,640,965   2,366,594   1,662,607 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 118,983,494   122,367,785   126,757,235   For the three years ended December 31,  2017 , there were  no  anti-dilutive shares. Income available to common shareholders for basic earnings per share is equivalent to income available to common shareholders for diluted earnings per share.  Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation   Torchmark’s stock-based compensation consists of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance shares. Certain employees and directors have been granted fixed equity options to buy shares of Torchmark stock at the market value of the stock on the date of grant, under the provisions of the Torchmark stock option plans. The options are exercisable during the period commencing from the date they vest until expiring according to the terms of the grant. Options generally expire the earlier of employee termination or option contract term, which are either  seven  or  ten  year terms. Options generally vest in accordance with the following schedule:      Shares vested by period   Contract Period   6 Months   Year 1   Year 2   Year 3   Year 4   Year 5 Directors 7 years   100%                     Employees 7 years   —%   —%   50%   50%         Employees (1) 10 years   —%   —%   25%   25%   25%   25% (1) Grant offered through the Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan only. All employee options vest immediately upon retirement on or after the attainment of age 65, upon death, or disability. Torchmark generally issues shares for the exercise of stock options from treasury stock. The Company generally uses  98 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued) the proceeds from option exercises to buy shares of Torchmark common stock in the open market to reduce the dilution from option exercises.    An analysis of shares available for grant is as follows:   Available for Grant   2017   2016   2015 Balance at January 1, 5,088,461   6,872,282   8,458,593 Options expired and forfeited during year (1) 26,488   8,518   90,371 Restricted stock expired and forfeited during year (2) 46,500   —   89,745 Options granted during year (1) (1,328,513 )   (1,306,306 )   (1,334,514 ) Restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance shares granted under the Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (2) (868,616 )   (486,033 )   (431,913 ) Balance at December 31, 2,964,320   5,088,461   6,872,282 (1) Plan allows for grant of options such that each grant reduces shares available for grant in a range from  0.85  share to  1  share. (2) Plan allows for grant of restricted stock such that each stock grant reduces shares available for grant in a range from  3.1  shares to  3.88  shares. A summary of stock compensation activity for each of the three years ended  December 31, 2017  is presented below:   2017   2016   2015 Stock-based compensation expense recognized (1) $ 37,034   $ 26,326   $ 28,664 Tax benefit recognized 32,511   27,867   10,033 (1) No  stock-based compensation expense was capitalized in any period. Additional stock compensation information is as follows at December 31:   2017   2016 Unrecognized compensation (1) $ 31,309   $ 27,334 Weighted average period of expected recognition (in years) (1)  0.86   0.89 (1) Includes restricted stock and performance shares. No  equity awards were cash settled during the three years ended  December 31, 2017 . Options:  The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at  December 31, 2017 .     Options Outstanding   Options Exercisable Range of Exercise Prices   Number Outstanding   Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)   Weighted- Average Exercise Price   Number Exercisable   Weighted- Average Exercise Price $29.59 - $37.40   1,421,268   2.20   $ 34.54   1,366,689   $ 34.42 50.64   1,405,725   6.39   50.64   —   — 50.69 - 51.62   1,090,703   3.69   50.70   958,463   50.70 53.61 - 56.32   1,384,582   4.63   53.65   594,184   53.71 73.92 - 77.26   1,451,523   7.23   77.24   9,643   73.92 $29.59 - $77.26   6,753,801   4.89   $ 53.59   2,928,979   $ 43.79   99 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued) An analysis of option activity for each of the three years ended  December 31, 2017  is as follows:   2017   2016   2015   Options   Weighted Average Exercise Price   Options   Weighted Average Exercise Price   Options   Weighted Average Exercise Price Outstanding—beginning of year 6,973,591   $ 44.64   7,734,841   $ 38.84   7,889,321   $ 32.91 Granted:                       7-year term 933,286   77.19   834,212   50.78   1,220,751   53.62 10-year term 535,220   77.26   597,225   50.64   296,875   53.61 Exercised (1,661,808 )   36.84   (2,184,169 )   28.08   (1,576,485 )   22.81 Expired and forfeited (26,488 )   57.94   (8,518 )   39.35   (95,621 )   48.85 Outstanding—end of year 6,753,801   $ 53.59   6,973,591   $ 44.64   7,734,841   $ 38.84                         Exercisable at end of year 2,928,979   $ 43.79   3,115,847   $ 36.81   3,774,061   $ 29.37 Additional information about Torchmark’s stock option activity as of  December 31, 2017  and  2016  is as follows:   2017   2016 Outstanding options:       Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) 4.89   4.70 Aggregate intrinsic value $ 231,277   $ 87,286 Exercisable options:   Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) 2.99   2.96 Aggregate intrinsic value $ 137,424   $ 63,395   Selected stock option activity for the three years ended  December 31, 2017  is presented below:   2017   2016   2015 Weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted  (per share) $ 12.88   $ 9.04   $ 11.97 Intrinsic value of options exercised 70,948   73,995   54,854 Cash received from options exercised 61,215   61,329   35,958 Actual tax benefit received 24,832   25,898   24,470 Additional information concerning Torchmark’s unvested options is as follows at December 31:   2017   2016     Number of shares outstanding 3,824,822   3,857,744     Weighted-average exercise price (per share) $ 61.10   $ 50.97     Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) 6.34   6.11     Aggregate intrinsic value $ 113,246   $ 23,891       Torchmark expects that substantially all unvested options will vest. Restricted Stock:  Restricted stock grants consist of time-vested grants, restricted stock units, and performance shares. Time-vested restricted stock is available to both senior executives and directors. The employee grants generally vest over  five  years and the director grants vest over  six  months. Restricted stock units are available only to directors. They vest over  six  months and are not converted to shares until the directors’ retirement, death, or disability. Director restricted  100 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued) stock and restricted stock units are generally granted on the first work day of the year. Performance shares are granted to a limited number of senior executives. Performance shares have a  three  year contract life and are not settled in shares until the termination of the  three -year contract period. While the grant specifies a stated target number of shares, the determination of the actual settlement in shares will be based on the achievement of certain performance objectives of Torchmark over the respective  three -year contract periods. Certain executive restricted stock and performance share grants contain terms related to age that could accelerate vesting. Restricted stock units outstanding at each of the year ends  2017 ,  2016 , and  2015  were  120,326 ,  112,591 , and  105,679 , respectively. All restricted stock units were fully vested at the end of each year of grant.  Below is the final determination of the performance share grants in 2013 to 2015: Year of grants   Final settlement of shares   Final settlement date 2013   159,020   February 24, 2016 2014   119,896   February 21, 2017 2015   149,898   February 27, 2018 For the  2016  and  2017  performance share grants, actual shares that could be distributed range from  0  to  335 thousand  for the  2016  grants and  0  to  306 thousand  shares for the  2017  grants.    A summary of restricted stock grants for each of the years in the three-year period ended  December 31, 2017  is presented in the table below.   2017   2016   2015 Directors restricted stock:           Shares 9,135   12,549   6,648 Price per share $ 73.92   $ 57.39   $ 54.16 Aggregate value $ 675   $ 720   $ 360 Percent vested as of 12/31/17 100 %   85 %   100 % Directors restricted stock units (including dividend equivalents):           Shares 7,735   6,912   7,640 Price per share $ 74.45   $ 56.74   $ 54.44 Aggregate value $ 576   $ 392   $ 416 Percent vested as of 12/31/17 100 %   100 %   100 % Performance shares:           Target shares 153,000   167,500   179,500 Target price per share $ 77.26   $ 50.64   $ 53.61 Assumed adjustment for performance objectives (in shares) 106,084   (35,073 )   (58,056 ) Aggregate value $ 11,821   $ 8,482   $ 9,623 Percent vested as of 12/31/17 — %   — %   — % Time-vested restricted stock holders, both employees and directors, are entitled to dividend payments on the unvested stock. Restricted stock unit holders are entitled to dividend equivalents. These equivalents are granted in the form of additional restricted stock units and vest immediately upon grant. Dividend equivalents are applicable only to restricted stock units. Performance shareholders are not entitled to dividend equivalents and are not entitled to dividend payments until the shares are vested and settled. 101 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued) An analysis of unvested restricted stock is as follows:   Executive Restricted Stock   Executive Performance Shares   Directors Restricted Stock   Directors Restricted Stock Units   Total 2015:                   Balance at January 1, 2015 263,430   556,360   —   —   819,790 Grants —   179,500   6,648   7,640   193,788 Additional performance shares (1)   (58,056 )       (58,056 ) Restriction lapses (61,815 )   (211,287 )   (6,648 )   (7,640 )   (287,390 ) Forfeitures (13,950 )   (7,500 )       (21,450 ) Balance at December 31, 2015 187,665   459,017   —   —   646,682 2016:                   Grants —   167,500   12,549   6,912   186,961 Additional performance shares (1)   (35,073 )       (35,073 ) Restriction lapses (130,215 )   (159,020 )   (10,655 )   (6,912 )   (306,802 ) Forfeitures —   —       — Balance at December 31, 2016 57,450   432,424   1,894   —   491,768 2017:                   Grants —   153,000   9,135   7,735   169,870 Additional performance shares (1)   106,084       106,084 Restriction lapses (14,700 )   (119,896 )   (11,029 )   (7,735 )   (153,360 ) Forfeitures (7,500 )   (7,500 )       (15,000 ) Balance at December 31, 2017 35,250   564,112   —   —   599,362 (1) Estimated additional (reduced) share grants expected due to achievement of performance criteria. An analysis of the weighted-average grant-date fair values per share of unvested restricted stock is as follows for the year  2017 :   Executive Restricted Stock   Executive Performance Shares   Directors Restricted Stock   Directors Restricted Stock Units Grant-date fair value per share at January 1, 2017 $ 38.46   $ 49.79   $ 63.39   Grants —   77.26   73.92   $ 73.92 Estimated additional performance shares     71.76     Restriction lapses (30.69 )   (72.42 )   (72.11 )   (73.92 ) Forfeitures (37.40 )   (43.85 )     Grant-date fair value per share at December 31, 2017 41.93   56.64     102 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 14—Business Segments   Torchmark is organized into  four  segments: life insurance, supplemental health insurance, annuities, and investments. We also have other administrative expenses reported in "Corporate & Other." Torchmark’s reportable segments are based on the insurance product lines it markets and administers: life insurance, supplemental health insurance, and annuities. These major product lines are set out as reportable segments because of the common characteristics of products within these categories, comparability of margins, and the similarity in regulatory environment and management techniques. There is also an investment segment which manages the investment portfolio, debt, and cash flow for the insurance segments and the corporate function. Torchmark's chief operating decision makers evaluate the overall performance of the operations of the Company in accordance with these segments.   Life insurance products include traditional and interest-sensitive whole life insurance as well as term life insurance. Health insurance products are generally guaranteed-renewable and include Medicare Supplement, critical illness, accident, and limited-benefit supplemental hospital and surgical coverages. Annuities include fixed-benefit contracts.   Torchmark markets its insurance products through a number of distribution channels, each of which sells the products of one or more of Torchmark’s insurance segments. The tables below present segment premium revenue by each of Torchmark’s distribution channels.   Torchmark Corporation Premium Income by Distribution Channel     For the Year 2017   Life   Health   Annuity   Total Distribution Channel Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total United American Independent $ 12,547   1   $ 364,128   37   $ 15   100   $ 376,690   12 Liberty National Exclusive 274,635   12   196,207   20           470,842   14 American Income Exclusive 999,279   43   89,036   9           1,088,315   33 Family Heritage Exclusive 3,193   —   253,534   26           256,727   8 Direct Response 812,907   35   73,468   8           886,375   27 Other 203,986   9                   203,986   6   $ 2,306,547   100   $ 976,373   100   $ 15   100   $ 3,282,935   100   For the Year 2016   Life   Health   Annuity   Total Distribution Channel Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total United American Independent $ 13,733   1   $ 355,015   38   $ 38   100   $ 368,786   12 Liberty National Exclusive 270,476   12   201,798   21           472,274   15 American Income Exclusive 913,355   42   84,382   9           997,737   32 Family Heritage Exclusive 2,866   —   236,075   25           238,941   8 Direct Response 782,765   36   70,393   7           853,158   27 Other 206,138   9                   206,138   6   $ 2,189,333   100   $ 947,663   100   $ 38   100   $ 3,137,034   100 103 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 14—Business Segments (continued)   For the Year 2015   Life   Health   Annuity   Total Distribution Channel Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total   Amount   % of Total United American Independent $ 15,036   1   $ 345,330   37   $ 135   100   $ 360,501   12 Liberty National Exclusive 271,113   13   209,150   23           480,263   16 American Income Exclusive 830,903   40   80,339   9           911,242   30 Family Heritage Exclusive 2,334   —   221,091   24           223,425   8 Direct Response 746,693   36   69,610   7           816,303   27 Other 206,986   10                   206,986   7   $ 2,073,065   100   $ 925,520   100   $ 135   100   $ 2,998,720   100 Due to the nature of the life insurance industry, Torchmark has no individual or group which would be considered a major customer. Substantially all of Torchmark’s business is conducted in the United States.   The measure of profitability established by the chief operating decision makers for insurance segments is underwriting margin before other income and administrative expenses, in accordance with the manner the segments are managed. It essentially represents gross profit margin on insurance products before insurance administrative expenses and consists of premium, less net policy obligations, acquisition expenses, and commissions. Interest credited to net policy liabilities (reserves less deferred acquisition costs) is reflected as a component of the Investment segment in order to match this cost to the investment earnings from the assets supporting the net policy liabilities.   The measure of profitability for the Investment segment is excess investment income, which represents the income earned on the investment portfolio in excess of net policy requirements and financing costs associated with Torchmark’s debt. Other than the above-mentioned interest allocations and an intersegment commission, there are no other intersegment revenues or expenses. Expenses directly attributable to corporate operations are included in the “Corporate & Other” category. Stock-based compensation expense is considered a corporate expense by Torchmark management and is included in this category. All other unallocated revenues and expenses on a pretax basis, including insurance administrative expense, are also included in the “Corporate & Other” segment category.   Torchmark holds a sizable investment portfolio to support its insurance liabilities, the yield from which is used to offset policy benefit, acquisition, administrative and tax expenses. This yield or investment income is taken into account when establishing premium rates and profitability expectations of its insurance products. In holding such a portfolio, investments are sold, called, or written down from time to time, resulting in a realized gain or loss. These gains or losses generally occur as a result of disposition due to issuer calls, compliance with Company investment policies, or other reasons often beyond management’s control. Unlike investment income, realized gains and losses are incidental to insurance operations, and only overall yields are considered when setting premium rates or insurance product profitability expectations. While these gains and losses are not relevant to segment profitability or core operating results, they can have a material positive or negative result on net income. For these reasons, management removes realized investment gains and losses when it views its segment operations.  Management removes items that are related to prior periods when evaluating the operating results of current periods. Management also removes non-operating items unrelated to its core insurance activities when evaluating those results. Therefore, these items are excluded in its presentation of segment results, because accounting guidance requires that operating segment results be presented as management views its business. With the exception of the administrative settlements noted in the paragraphs above, all of these items are included in “Other operating expense” in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  for the appropriate year. In 2017, Torchmark recorded  $8.7 million  in administrative settlements ( $5.6 million  after tax) where claims were not properly filed or information to support the validity of the claim had not been properly submitted. These administrative settlements were included in "Policyholder benefits" in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  in 2017. 104 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 14—Business Segments (continued) As further discussed in  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies ,  the Company received an assessment from various state guaranty fund associations for the liquidation of Penn Treaty and its affiliate.  The total estimated assessment for Torchmark's subsidiaries is approximately   $9.6 million   of which   $1.8 million   is estimated to be unrecoverable. We are anticipating the remaining amount of the assessments to be recovered through premium tax credits.  The assessment expenses were considered a non-operational event and therefore were excluded from the core underwriting operations of the Company. As a result of the Tax Legislation, which is discussed in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies , we recorded a one-time increase in stock-based compensation expense of  3.4 million  ( $2.2 million  after tax) due to the impact the Tax Legislation had on certain performance based equity awards. In 2016, Torchmark recorded  $3.8 million  in administrative settlements ( $2.5 million  after tax) related to benefits paid for deaths occurring in prior years where claims had not been filed. These administrative settlements were included in "Policyholder benefits" in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  in 2016.   In 2015, Torchmark recorded  $1.4 million  in administrative settlements ( $906 thousand  after tax) related to a post- closing adjustment on the sale of a former subsidiary. These administrative settlements were included in "Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs" in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  in 2015.   105 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 14—Business Segments (continued) The following tables set forth a reconciliation of Torchmark’s revenues and operations by segment to its major income statement line items. See  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  for additional information concerning reconciling items of segment profits to pretax income.   For the year 2017   Life   Health   Annuity   Investment   Corporate & Other   Adjustments Consolidated Revenue:                           Premium $ 2,306,547   $ 976,373   $ 15               $ 3,282,935 Net investment income             $ 847,885           847,885 Other income                 $ 1,270   $ (128 ) (2)   1,142 Total revenue 2,306,547   976,373   15   847,885   1,270   (128 )   4,131,962 Expenses:                           Policy benefits 1,549,602   628,640   35,836           13,797 (3,4)   2,227,875 Required interest on:                         Policy reserves (607,007 )   (77,792 )   (49,571 )   734,370           — Deferred acquisition costs 186,236   23,454   690   (210,380 )           — Amortization of acquisition costs 396,268   96,519   2,466           (4,850 ) (4)   490,403 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs 177,111   86,044   32           1,673 (2,5)   264,860 Insurance administrative expense (1)                 210,590   210,590 Parent expense                 9,631       9,631 Stock-based compensation expense                 33,654   3,380 (6)   37,034 Interest expense             84,532           84,532 Total expenses 1,702,210   756,865   (10,547 )   608,522   253,875   14,000   3,324,925 Subtotal 604,337   219,508   10,562   239,363   (252,605 )   (14,128 )   807,037 Non-operating items                     14,128 (3,4,5,6)   14,128 Measure of segment profitability (pretax) $ 604,337   $ 219,508   $ 10,562   $ 239,363   $ (252,605 )   $ —   821,165 Deduct applicable income taxes   (247,484 ) Net operating income from continuing operations   573,681 Add back income taxes applicable to segment profitability   247,484 Add (deduct) realized investment gains (losses)   23,611 Deduct administrative settlements   (8,659 ) Deduct non-operating expenses   (288 ) Deduct guaranty fund assessments   (1,801 ) Deduct increase in stock-based compensation expense due to Tax Legislation   (3,380 ) Income before income taxes per  Consolidated Statement of Operations   $ 830,648 (1) Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments. (2) Elimination of intersegment commission. (3) Administrative settlements. (4) Non-operating expense. (5) Guaranty fund assessments. (6) Recognition of a one-time increase in stock-based compensation expense due to Tax Legislation. 106 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 14—Business Segments (continued)   For the year 2016   Life   Health   Annuity   Investment   Corporate & Other   Adjustments   Consolidated Revenue:                             Premium $ 2,189,333   $ 947,663   $ 38                 $ 3,137,034 Net investment income             $ 806,903             806,903 Other income                 $ 1,534   $ (159 ) (2)     1,375     Total revenue 2,189,333   947,663   38   806,903   1,534   (159 )     3,945,312 Expenses:                             Policy benefits 1,475,477   612,725   36,751           3,795 (3)     2,128,748 Required interest on:                               Policy reserves (577,827 )   (73,382 )   (51,131 )   702,340             —   Deferred acquisition costs 178,946   23,060   807   (202,813 )             — Amortization of acquisition costs 374,499   90,385   4,179                 469,063 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs 164,476   84,819   38           (159 ) (2)     249,174 Insurance administrative expense (1)                 196,598   553 (4)     197,151 Parent expense                 8,587         8,587 Stock-based compensation expense                 26,326         26,326 Interest expense             83,345             83,345     Total expenses 1,615,571   737,607   (9,356 )   582,872   231,511   4,189     3,162,394 Subtotal 573,762   210,056   9,394   224,031   (229,977 )   (4,348 )     782,918    Non-operating items                     4,348 (3,4)     4,348     Measure of segment profitability (pretax) $ 573,762   $ 210,056   $ 9,394   $ 224,031   $ (229,977 )   $ —     787,266 Deduct applicable income taxes     (237,906 ) Net operating income from continuing operations     549,360 Add back income taxes applicable to segment profitability     237,906 Add (deduct) realized investment gains (losses)     (10,683 ) Deduct administrative settlements     (3,795 ) Deduct non-operating fees     (553 ) Income before income taxes per  Consolidated Statement of Operations     $ 772,235 (1)  Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments. (2)  Elimination of intersegment commission. (3)  Administrative settlements. (4)  Non-operating fees. 107 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 14—Business Segments (continued)   For the Year 2015   Life   Health   Annuity   Investment   Corporate & Other   Adjustments   Consolidated Revenue:                             Premium $ 2,073,065   $ 925,520   $ 135                 $ 2,998,720 Net investment income             $ 773,951             773,951 Other income                 $ 2,379   $ (194 ) (2)     2,185     Total revenue 2,073,065   925,520   135   773,951   2,379   (194 )     3,774,856 Expenses:                             Policy benefits 1,374,608   602,610   38,994             2,016,212 Required interest on:                               Policy reserves (552,298 )   (69,057 )   (53,295 )   674,650             —   Deferred acquisition costs 172,947   22,760   1,138   (196,845 )             — Amortization of acquisition costs 353,595   83,341   8,689                 445,625 Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs 154,811   81,489   41           1,200 (2,3)     237,541 Insurance administrative expense  (1)                 186,191     186,191 Parent expense                 9,003     9,003 Stock-based compensation expense                 28,664         28,664 Interest expense             76,642             76,642     Total expenses 1,503,663   721,143   (4,433 )   554,447   223,858   1,200     2,999,878 Subtotal 569,402   204,377   4,568   219,504   (221,479 )   (1,394 )     774,978    Non-operating items                     1,394 (3)     1,394     Measure of segment profitability (pretax) $ 569,402   $ 204,377   $ 4,568   $ 219,504   $ (221,479 )   $ —     776,372 Deduct applicable income taxes     (253,459 ) Net operating income from continuing operations     522,913 Add back income taxes applicable to segment profitability     253,459 Add (deduct) realized investment gains (losses)     (8,791 ) Deduct administrative settlements     (1,394 ) Income before income taxes per  Consolidated Statement of Operations     $ 766,187 (1)  Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments. (2)  Elimination of intersegment commission. (3)  Administrative settlements. Assets for each segment are reported based on a specific identification basis. The insurance segments’ assets contain DAC. The investment segment includes the investment portfolio, cash, and accrued investment income. Goodwill is assigned to the insurance segments at the time of purchase. All other assets are included in the Other category. The table below reconciles segment assets to total assets as reported in the consolidated financial statements.   Assets by Segment   At December 31, 2017   Life   Health   Annuity   Investment   Other   Consolidated Cash and invested assets             $ 17,853,047       $ 17,853,047 Accrued investment income             233,453       233,453 Deferred acquisition costs $ 3,423,296   $ 529,068   $ 5,699           3,958,063 Goodwill 309,609   131,982               441,591 Other assets                 $ 988,831   988,831 Total assets $ 3,732,905   $ 661,050   $ 5,699   $ 18,086,500   $ 988,831   $ 23,474,985 108 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 14—Business Segments (continued)   At December 31, 2016   Life   Health   Annuity   Investment   Other   Consolidated Cash and invested assets             $ 15,955,891       $ 15,955,891 Accrued investment income             223,148       223,148 Deferred acquisition costs $ 3,261,220   $ 512,701   $ 9,237           3,783,158 Goodwill 309,609   131,982               441,591 Other assets                 $ 1,032,299   1,032,299 Total assets $ 3,570,829   $ 644,683   $ 9,237   $ 16,179,039   $ 1,032,299   $ 21,436,087   Liabilities for each segment are reported also on a specific identification basis similar to the assets. The insurance segments' liabilities contain future policy benefits, unearned and advance premiums, and policy claims and other benefits payable. Other policyholders' funds are included in Other as well as current and deferred income taxes payable. Debt represents both short and long-term.  Liabilities by Segment   At December 31, 2017   Life   Health   Annuity   Investment   Other   Consolidated Future policy benefits $ 10,353,286   $ 1,831,338   $ 1,254,848           $ 13,439,472 Unearned and advance premiums 16,927   44,503               61,430 Policy claims and other benefits payable 186,429   146,865               333,294 Debt             $ 1,460,268       1,460,268 Other                 $ 1,949,100   1,949,100 Total liabilities $ 10,556,642   $ 2,022,706   $ 1,254,848 $ 1,460,268 $ 1,949,100 $ 17,243,564   At December 31, 2016   Life   Health   Annuity   Investment   Other   Consolidated Future policy benefits $ 9,825,776   $ 1,706,870   $ 1,293,191           $ 12,825,837 Unearned and advance premiums 16,828   47,189               64,017 Policy claims and other benefits payable 156,437   143,128               299,565 Debt             $ 1,397,640       1,397,640 Other                 $ 2,282,167   2,282,167 Total liabilities $ 9,999,041   $ 1,897,187   $ 1,293,191   $ 1,397,640   $ 2,282,167   $ 16,869,226 109 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies   Reinsurance :  Insurance affiliates of Torchmark reinsure that portion of insurance risk which is in excess of their retention limits. Retention limits for ordinary life insurance range up to  $2 million  per life. Life insurance ceded represented  0.4%  of total life insurance in force at  December 31, 2017 . Insurance ceded on life and accident and health products represented  0.2%  of premium income for  2017 . Torchmark would be liable for the reinsured risks ceded to other companies to the extent that such reinsuring companies are unable to meet their obligations.   Insurance affiliates also assume insurance risks of other external companies. Life reinsurance assumed represented  1.8%  of life insurance in force at  December 31, 2017  and reinsurance assumed on life and accident and health products represented  0.7%  of premium income for  2017 .   Leases :  Torchmark leases office space, office equipment, and aviation equipment under a variety of operating lease arrangements. The Company does not have any capital leases. Rental expense for operating leases for each of the three years ended  December 31, 2017  is as follows:    Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Rental expense $ 6,446   $ 6,520   $ 6,722 Future minimum rental commitments required under operating leases having remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year at  December 31, 2017  were as follows:    Year Ended December 31,   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   Thereafter Operating lease commitments $ 3,483   $ 3,298   $ 3,124   $ 2,886   $ 1,943   $ 1,830 Purchase Commitments : Torchmark has various long-term noncancelable purchase commitments as well as commitments to provide capital for low-income housing tax credit interests. See further discussion related to tax credits in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies .   Year Ended December 31,   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   Thereafter Purchase commitments $ 27,326   $ 9,198   $ 3,257   $ 2,213   $ 2,169   $ 246,836 Investments : As of  December 31, 2017 , Torchmark is committed to purchase  $210 million  of commercial mortgage loan participations from a third party.   Guarantees :  At  December 31, 2017 , Torchmark had in place  four  guarantee agreements, of which were either Parent Company guarantees of subsidiary obligations to a third party, or Parent Company guarantees of obligations between wholly-owned subsidiaries. As of  December 31, 2017 , Torchmark had  no  liability with respect to these guarantees.   Letters of Credit : Torchmark has guaranteed letters of credit in connection with its credit facility with a group of banks as disclosed in  Note 11—Debt . The letters of credit were issued by TMK Re, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary, to secure TMK Re, Ltd.’s obligation for claims on certain policies reinsured by TMK Re, Ltd. that were sold by other Torchmark insurance companies. These letters of credit facilitate TMK Re, Ltd.’s ability to reinsure the business of Torchmark’s insurance carriers. The agreement expires in 2021. The maximum amount of letters of credit available is  $250 million . The Torchmark Parent Company would be liable to the extent that TMK Re, Ltd. does not pay the reinsured party. Letters of credit outstanding were  $177 million  at  December 31, 2017  and  2016 .  110 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies (continued) Equipment leases : Torchmark has guaranteed performance of certain subsidiaries as lessees under  three  leasing arrangements which include  two  for aviation equipment and  one  for computer software, furniture, and equipment. One aviation lease expires in August 2022 and the second expires in September 2024. The office equipment lease expired in December 2017. At  December 31, 2017 , total remaining undiscounted payments under the leases were approximately  $10 million . The Torchmark Parent Company would be responsible for any subsidiary obligation in the event the subsidiary did not make payments or otherwise perform under the terms of the lease.   Unclaimed Property Audits :  Torchmark subsidiaries are currently the subject of audits regarding the identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed property arising from life insurance policies and a limited number of annuity contracts. These audits are being conducted by private entities that have contracted with  forty-seven  states through their respective Departments of Revenue, and have not resulted in any financial assessment from any state nor indicated any liability. The audits are wide-ranging and seek large amounts of data regarding claims handling, procedures, and payments of contract benefits arising from unreported death claims. No estimate of range can be made at this time for loss contingencies related to possible administrative penalties or amounts that could be payable to the states for the escheatment of abandoned property.    Litigation :  Torchmark and its subsidiaries, in common with the insurance industry in general, are subject to litigation, including claims involving tax matters, alleged breaches of contract, torts, including bad faith and fraud claims based on alleged wrongful or fraudulent acts of agents of Torchmark’s subsidiaries, employment discrimination, and miscellaneous other causes of action. Based upon information presently available, and in light of legal and other factual defenses available to Torchmark and its subsidiaries, management does not believe that such litigation will have a material adverse effect on Torchmark’s financial condition, future operating results or liquidity; however, assessing the eventual outcome of litigation necessarily involves forward-looking speculation as to judgments to be made by judges, juries and appellate courts in the future. This bespeaks caution, particularly in states with reputations for high punitive damage verdicts. Torchmark’s management recognizes that large punitive damage awards bearing little or no relation to actual damages continue to be awarded by juries in jurisdictions in which Torchmark and its subsidiaries have substantial business, creating the potential for unpredictable material adverse judgments in any given punitive damage suit. On February 1, 2018, a putative class action litigation was filed against American Income Life Insurance Company in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division ( Bruce v. American Income Life Insurance Company, et al. , Case No. 3:18-cv-00258-G). The plaintiff, a former insurance sales agent of American Income who is suing on behalf of all current and former American Income sales agents contracted through State General Agent Stephen Jubrey’s agency office at any time since January 31, 2015 through the final disposition of this matter, asserts that such agents are employees rather than independent contractors as they are classified by American Income. He alleges failure to pay minimum wages, overtime wages and other applicable monies in accordance with the Fair Labor Standards Act. The plaintiff seeks, in a jury trial, actual and punitive damages, pre- and post-judgment interest, attorney fees, costs and other relief, including injunctive relief.  With respect to its current litigation, at this time management believes that the possibility of a material judgment adverse to Torchmark is remote, and no estimate of range can be made for loss contingencies that are at least reasonably possible but not accrued. Guaranty Fund Assessment : In 2017, the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania issued orders placing Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company (Penn Treaty) and affiliate American Network Insurance Company (ANIC) in liquidation due to financial difficulties. In such instances, the various state guaranty fund associations employ funding mechanisms, through assessments to their member companies, to cover the obligations of the insolvent entities. Consequently, the Company continues to receive guaranty fund assessments from the state associations related to these companies. The Company has projected its share of the ultimate assessments from these insolvencies based on assumptions about future events and its market share of premiums by state. The total estimated assessment for Torchmark's subsidiaries is approximately  $9.6 million  of which  $7.8 million  is estimated to be recoverable through state premium tax credit offsets. We anticipate the remaining  $1.8 million  will be unrecoverable.  111 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)   Note 16—Selected Quarterly Data (Unaudited) (continued) Note 16—Selected Quarterly Data (Unaudited)   The following is an unaudited summary of quarterly results for the two years ended  December 31, 2017 . The information includes all adjustments (consisting of normal accruals) which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for these periods.   Three Months Ended   March 31,   June 30,   September 30,   December 31, 2017:               Premium income $ 820,631   $ 816,614   $ 819,217   $ 826,473 Net investment income 208,282   212,776   213,872   212,955 Realized investment gains (losses) (5,748 )   (705 )   12,595   17,469 Total revenue 1,023,581   1,029,078   1,046,015   1,056,899 Policyholder benefits 557,776   556,415   551,219   562,465 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 125,908   122,121   122,334   120,040 Pretax income from continuing operations 191,741   201,926   220,610   216,371 Income from continuing operations 137,178   140,363   153,346   1,027,376 Income from discontinued operations (3,637 )   (90 )   (12 )   (30 ) Net income 133,541   140,273   153,334   1,027,346 Basic net income per common share:               Continuing operations 1.16   1.20   1.32   8.93 Discontinued operations (0.03 )   —   —   — Total basic net income per common share 1.13   1.20   1.32   8.93 Diluted net income per common share:               Continuing operations 1.14   1.18   1.29   8.71 Discontinued operations (0.03 )   —   —   — Total diluted net income per common share 1.11   1.18   1.29   8.71   Three Months Ended   March 31,   June 30,   September 30,   December 31, 2016:               Premium income $ 779,860   $ 785,855   $ 783,411   $ 787,908 Net investment income 197,053   201,642   202,720   205,488 Realized investment gains (losses) 293   4,005   3,482   (18,463 ) Total revenue 977,627   991,884   989,773   975,345 Policyholder benefits 524,973   531,485   532,152   540,138 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 118,806   117,245   116,821   116,191 Pretax income from continuing operations 195,448   199,344   201,461   175,982 Income from continuing operations 133,574   139,294   141,910   124,812 Income from discontinued operations (9,541 )   (865 )   9,959   10,636 Net income 124,033   138,429   151,869   135,448 Basic net income per common share:               Continuing operations 1.10   1.16   1.19   1.05 Discontinued operations (0.08 )   (0.01 )   0.08   0.09 Total basic net income per common share 1.02   1.15   1.27   1.14 Diluted net income per common share:               Continuing operations 1.08   1.13   1.16   1.03 Discontinued operations (0.07 )   —   0.09   0.09 Total diluted net income per common share 1.01   1.13   1.25   1.12 112 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   No disagreements with accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices or financial statement disclosure have been reported on a Form 8-K within the twenty-four months prior to the date of the most recent financial statements.   Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures   Torchmark, under the direction of the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Torchmark in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. The disclosure controls and procedures are also intended to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to Torchmark’s management, including the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.   As of the end of the fiscal year completed  December 31, 2017 , an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of Torchmark management, including the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Torchmark’s disclosure controls and procedures (as those terms are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon their evaluation, the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that Torchmark’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the date of this Form 10-K. In compliance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. § 1350), each of these officers executed a Certification included as an exhibit to this Form 10-K.   As of the quarter ended  December 31, 2017 , there have not been any changes in Torchmark’s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect this control over financial reporting subsequent to the date of their evaluation which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Torchmark’s internal control over financial reporting. No material weaknesses in such internal controls were identified in the evaluation and as a consequence, no corrective action was required to be taken.   Item 9B.  Other Information   There were no items required. 113 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   Management at Torchmark Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company and for assessing the effectiveness of internal control on an annual basis. As a framework for assessing internal control over financial reporting, the Company utilizes the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.   There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.   Management evaluated the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, and based on its assessment, determined that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2017 . The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as stated in their report which is included herein.   /s/ Gary L. Coleman   Gary L. Coleman Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer       /s/ Larry M. Hutchison   Larry M. Hutchison Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer       /s/ Frank M. Svoboda   Frank M. Svoboda Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer     February 26, 2018   114 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Torchmark Corporation (McKinney, Texas) Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Torchmark Corporation and subsidiaries (Torchmark) as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, Torchmark maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017 of Torchmark and our report dated  February 26, 2018  expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedules. Basis for Opinion Torchmark’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Torchmark’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP  Dallas, Texas February 26, 2018   115 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents PART III   Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled “Election of Directors,” “Profiles of Director Nominees,” “Executive Officers,” “Audit Committee Report,” “Governance Guidelines and Codes of Ethics,” “Director Qualification Standards,” “Procedures for Director Nominations by Shareholders,” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2018 (the Proxy Statement), which is to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).   Item 11.  Executive Compensation   Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”, “Compensation Committee Report”, “Summary Compensation Table”, “ 2017  Grants of Plan-based Awards”, “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End  2017 ”, “Option Exercises and Stock Vested during Fiscal Year Ended  December 31, 2017 ”, “Pension Benefits at  December 31, 2017 ”, “Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control”, “ 2017  Director Compensation”, “Payments to Directors” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC.   Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   (a) Equity Compensation Plan Information as of  December 31, 2017   Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights   Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 6,753,801   $ 53.59   2,964,320 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders —   —   — Total 6,753,801   $ 53.59   2,964,320 (b) Security ownership of certain beneficial owners: Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled “Principal Shareholders” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. (c) Security ownership of management: Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled “Stock Ownership” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. (d) Changes in control: Torchmark knows of no arrangements, including any pledges by any person of its securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control.   Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence   Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled “Related Party Transaction Policy and Transactions” and “Director Independence Determinations” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC.   Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services   Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled “Principal Accounting Firm Fees” and “Pre-approval Policy for Accounting Fees” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC. 116 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents PART IV   Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   Index of documents filed as a part of this report:     Page of this report Financial Statements:       Torchmark Corporation and Subsidiaries:   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 51 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 52 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 53 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December  31, 2017 54 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December  31, 2017 55 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 56 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 57 Schedules Supporting Financial Statements for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017:   II. Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company) 123 IV. Reinsurance (Consolidated) 127 Schedules not referred to have been omitted as inapplicable or not required by Regulation S-X.   117 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents EXHIBITS           Page of this Report 3.1   Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Torchmark Corporation, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on April 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1.2 to Form 8-K dated May 5, 2010)               3.2   Amended and Restated By-Laws of Torchmark Corporation, as amended April 20, 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K dated April 24, 2012)               4.1   Trust Indenture dated as of February 1, 1987 between Torchmark Corporation and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(b) to Form S-3 for $300,000,000 of Torchmark Corporation Debt Securities and Warrants (Registration No. 33-11816))               4.2   Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 2001, between Torchmark, BankOne Trust Company, National Association and The Bank of New York, supplementing the Indenture Agreement dated February 1, 1987 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to Torchmark’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-11716), and defining the rights of the 6 1/4% Senior Notes (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated December 14, 2001)               4.3   Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2009 between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009)               4.4   Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2012 between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated February 1, 1987 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated September 24, 2012)               4.5   Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated November 2, 2001, between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York defining the rights of the 7 3/4% Junior Subordinated Debentures (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated November 2, 2001)               4.6   Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 5, 2016 between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company of New York, N.A., as Trustee, supplementing the Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of November 2, 2011 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016)               4.7   Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2017 between Torchmark Corporation and Regions Bank, as Trustee, supplementing the Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of November 2, 2011 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K dated November 17, 2017)               4.8   Certificate and Declaration of Trust of SAFC Statutory Trust I dated February 16, 2006 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.9 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012)               4.9   Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of SAFC Statutory Trust I dated March 1, 2006 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.10 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012)               4.10   Indenture dated as of March 1, 2006 for Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2036 between Southwestern American Financial Corporation and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.11 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012)               10.1   Torchmark Corporation Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, Advisory Directors, Directors Emeritus and Officers, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992)*               10.2   Amendment One to the Torchmark Corporation Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, Advisory Directors, Directors Emeritus and Officers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.54 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008)*               118 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents         Page of this Report 10.3   Amendment Two to the Torchmark Corporation Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.55 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008)*               10.4   Form of Retirement Life Insurance Benefit Agreement ($1,995,000 face amount limit) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(z) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001)*               10.5   Form of Retirement Life Insurance Benefit Agreement ($495,000 face amount limit) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(aa) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001)*               10.6   Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated January 25, 2007)*               10.7   Amendment No. 1 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.53 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007)*               10.8   Amendment No. 2 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.54 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007)*               10.9   Amendment Three to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.53 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008)*               10.10   Amendment Five to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated May 5, 2015)*               10.11   Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 29, 2008)*               10.12   Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.57 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007)*               10.13   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.58 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007)*               10.14   Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 among AILIC Receivables Corporation, American Income Life Insurance Company and TMK Re, Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated January 6, 2009)               10.15   Amendment No.1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 among AILIC Receivables Corporation, American Income Life Insurance Company, and TMK Re, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013)               10.16   Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)*               10.17   First Amendment to Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 29, 2014)*               10.18   Form of Restricted Stock Award (Executive) under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)*               10.19   Form of Restricted Stock Award (Special) under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)*               10.20   Form of Ten year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)*               119 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents         Page of this Report 10.21   Form of Seven year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)*               10.22   Form of Performance Share Award under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated February 27, 2012)*               10.23   Form of Seven Year Stock Option Grant Agreement under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.75 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016)*               10.24   Form of Ten Year Stock Option Grant Agreement under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.76 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016)*               10.25   Form of Performance Share Award Certificate under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.77 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016)*               10.26   Form of Seven Year Stock Option Grant Agreement (Special) under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan, as amended with Non-Compete, Non-Solicit and Confidentiality Provisions (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.78 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016) *               10.27   Torchmark Corporation Amended 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, effective January, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 55 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016)               10.28   Form of Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.57 to Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31,2010)*               10.29   Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.58 to Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2010)*               10.30   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.59 to Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2010)*               10.31   Torchmark Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan effective as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 30, 2013)*               10.32   The Torchmark Corporation Amended and Restated Pension Plan Generally Effective as of January 1, 2014* (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015)               10.33   Torchmark Corporation Pension Plan 2016 Amendment to Limit Eligibility (effective December 31, 2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016)*               10.34   The Torchmark Corporation Savings and Investment Plan (amended and restated as of January 1, 2014)* (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.16 to From 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015)               10.35   Torchmark Corporation Savings and Investment Plan 2016 Amendment Number One*  (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated May 17, 2016)               10.36   2016 Amendment to the Torchmark Corporation Savings and Investment Plan (effective December 31, 2016) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10-79 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016)*               10.37   Payments to Directors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016)*               120 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents         Page of this Report 10.38   Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 17, 2016 among Torchmark Corporation, as the Borrower, TMK Re, Ltd., as a Loan Party, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Administrator and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated May 16, 2016)                         12   Statement re computation of ratios               20   Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 27, 2017**               21   Subsidiaries of the registrant   122           23   Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP               24   Powers of attorney               31.1   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Gary L. Coleman               31.2   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Larry M. Hutchison               31.3   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Frank M. Svoboda               32.1   Section 1350 Certification by Gary L. Coleman, Larry M. Hutchison and Frank M. Svoboda               101   Interactive Data File     *  Compensatory plan or arrangement. **  To be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2017 . 121 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Exhibit 21. Subsidiaries of the Registrant   The following table lists subsidiaries of the registrant which meet the definition of “significant subsidiary” according to Regulation S-X:   Company    State of Incorporation      Name Under Which Company Does Business American Income Life Insurance Company    Indiana      American Income Life Insurance Company Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company    Nebraska      Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company Liberty National Life Insurance Company    Nebraska      Liberty National Life Insurance Company While United American Life Insurance Company and Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America do not qualify as significant subsidiaries in accordance with Regulation S-X, management views these subsidiaries as significant to our operations.   All other exhibits required by Regulation S-K are listed as to location in the “Index of documents filed as a part of this report” in this report. Exhibits not referred to have been omitted as inapplicable or not required. 122 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY) SCHEDULE II. CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollar amounts in thousands)     December 31,   2017   2016 Assets:       Investments:       Long-term investments $ 35,562   $ 33,586 Short-term investments 5,624   — Total investments 41,186   33,586 Cash 1,008   — Investment in affiliates 7,763,704   6,004,429 Due from affiliates 95,920   96,005 Taxes receivable from affiliates 63,099   88,406 Other assets 135,616   119,801 Total assets $ 8,100,533   $ 6,342,227         Liabilities and shareholders’ equity:       Liabilities:       Short-term debt $ 328,067   $ 264,475 Long-term debt 1,281,971   1,282,891 Due to affiliates 8,002   — Other liabilities 251,072   228,000 Total liabilities 1,869,112   1,775,366         Shareholders’ equity:       Preferred stock 351   351 Common stock 124,218   127,218 Additional paid-in capital 858,987   840,932 Accumulated other comprehensive income 1,424,274   577,574 Retained earnings 4,806,208   3,890,798 Treasury stock (982,617 )   (870,012 ) Total shareholders’ equity 6,231,421   4,566,861 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 8,100,533   $ 6,342,227   See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 123 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY) SCHEDULE II. CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (continued) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollar amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Net investment income $ 26,130   $ 25,352   $ 23,715 Realized investment gains (losses) (2,791 )   —   8 Total revenue 23,339   25,352   23,723             General operating expenses 61,447   52,613   54,100 Reimbursements from affiliates (52,776 )   (54,288 )   (53,436 ) Interest expense 88,474   86,853   79,677 Total expenses 97,145   85,178   80,341             Operating income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliates (73,806 )   (59,826 )   (56,618 ) Income taxes (9,874 )   23,479   15,542 Net operating loss before equity in earnings of affiliates (83,680 )   (36,347 )   (41,076 ) Equity in earnings of affiliates 1,538,174   586,126   568,176 Net income 1,454,494   549,779   527,100             Other comprehensive income (loss):           Attributable to Parent Company (8,409 )   (11,314 )   (3,539 ) Attributable to affiliates 602,709   356,941   (761,966 ) Comprehensive income (loss) $ 2,048,794   $ 895,406   $ (238,405 )   See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 124 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY) SCHEDULE II. CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT—(continued) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollar amounts in thousands)     Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Net income $ 1,454,494   $ 549,779   $ 527,100 Equity in earnings of affiliates (1,538,174 )   (586,126 )   (568,176 ) Cash dividends from subsidiaries 453,904   437,566   466,416 Other, net 52,957   (6,718 )   20,371 Cash provided from operations 423,181   394,501   445,711             Cash provided from (used for) investing activities:           Net decrease (increase) in short-term investments (5,624 )   (3,466 )   17,338 Investment in subsidiaries (31,000 )   (35,000 )   (2 )  Additions to properties (7,230 )   (21,965 )   (468 ) Loaned money to affiliates (180,000 )   (363,056 )   (282,508 ) Repayments from affiliates 180,000   318,056   282,508 Cash provided from (used for) investing activities (43,854 )   (105,431 )   16,868             Cash provided from (used for) financing activities:           Repayment of debt (126,875 )   (250,000 )   — Proceeds from issuance of debt 125,000   400,000   — Payment for debt issuance costs (1,661 )   (9,638 )   — Net issuance (repayment) of commercial paper 61,092   22,224   1,978 Issuance of stock 61,215   61,329   35,958 Acquisitions of treasury stock (412,989 )   (404,784 )   (418,526 ) Borrowed money from affiliate 278,500   60,000   15,000 Repayments to affiliates (270,500 )   (78,000 )   (15,000 ) Excess tax benefit on stock option exercises —   —   8,180 Payment of dividends (92,101 )   (90,201 )   (90,169 ) Cash provided from (used for) financing activities (378,319 )   (289,070 )   (462,579 )             Net increase (decrease) in cash 1,008   —   — Cash balance at beginning of period —   —   — Cash balance at end of period $ 1,008   $ —   $ —   See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 125 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY) SCHEDULE II. CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (continued) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollar amounts in thousands)   Note A—Dividends from Subsidiaries   Cash dividends paid to Torchmark from the subsidiaries were as follows:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Dividends from subsidiaries $ 453,904   $ 437,566   $ 466,416   Note B—Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information   The following table summarizes noncash transactions, which are not reflected on the  Condensed Statements of Cash Flows :   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Stock-based compensation not involving cash $ 37,034   $ 26,326   $ 28,664 Borrowed money from affiliate —   —   56,503 Investment in subsidiaries 317,027   —   39,206 Purchase of agent debit balances —   —   17,297   The following table summarizes certain amounts paid (received) during the period:   Year Ended December 31,   2017   2016   2015 Interest paid $ 86,606   $ 84,952   $ 77,920 Income taxes paid (received) (19,961 )   (20,838 )   (22,009 )   Note C—Preferred Stock   As of  December 31, 2017 , Torchmark had  351 thousand  shares of Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, issued and outstanding, of which  280 thousand  shares were  6.50%  Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, and  71 thousand  shares were  7.15%  Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (collectively, the “Series A Preferred Stock”). All issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock were held by wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding would be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution out of the assets legally available to stockholders in the amount of  $1 thousand  per share or  $351 million  in the aggregate, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, before any distribution is made to holders of Torchmark common stock. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights nor have rights to convert such shares into shares of any other class of Torchmark capital stock.     See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 126 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents TORCHMARK CORPORATION SCHEDULE IV. REINSURANCE (CONSOLIDATED) (Dollar Amounts in thousands)       Gross Amount   Ceded to Other Companies (1)   Assumed from Other Companies   Net Amount   Percentage of Amount Assumed to Net For the Year Ended December 31, 2017                     Life insurance in force   $ 179,902,605   $ 705,152   $ 3,211,423   $ 182,408,876   1.8 Premiums: (2)               Life insurance   $ 2,272,038   $ 4,437   $ 21,912   $ 2,289,513   1.0 Health insurance   980,082   3,709   —   976,373   — Total premium   $ 3,252,120   $ 8,146   $ 21,912   $ 3,265,886   0.7 For the Year Ended December 31, 2016                     Life insurance in force   $ 174,314,897   $ 725,867   $ 3,352,113   $ 176,941,143   1.9 Premiums: (2)                     Life insurance   $ 2,152,698   $ 4,507   $ 22,915   $ 2,171,106   1.1 Health insurance   951,137   3,474   —   947,663   — Total premium   $ 3,103,835   $ 7,981   $ 22,915   $ 3,118,769   0.7 For the Year Ended December 31, 2015                     Life insurance in force   $ 167,677,206   $ 729,739   $ 3,498,826   $ 170,446,293   2.1 Premiums: (2)                     Life insurance   $ 2,034,373   $ 4,484   $ 24,007   $ 2,053,896   1.2 Health insurance   928,659   3,139   —   925,520   — Total premium   $ 2,963,032   $ 7,623   $ 24,007   $ 2,979,416   0.8   (1) No amounts have been netted against ceded premium. (2) Excludes policy charges of  $17.0 million ,  $18.3 million , and  $19.3 million  in each of the years  2017 ,  2016 , and  2015 , respectively. See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 127 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents SIGNATURES   Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.     T ORCHMARK  C ORPORATION             By: /s/    G ARY  L. C OLEMAN               Gary L. Coleman       Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director             By: /s/    L ARRY  M. H UTCHISON               Larry M. Hutchison       Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director             By: /s/    F RANK  M. S VOBODA               Frank M. Svoboda, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)     Date:  February 26, 2018     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.   By: /s/    CHARLES E. ADAIR  *           By: /s/    STEVEN P. JOHNSON  *           Charles E. Adair     Steven P. Johnson   Director     Director           By: /s/    LINDA L. ADDISON  *           By: /s/    LLOYD W. NEWTON  *           Linda L. Addison     Lloyd W. Newton   Director     Director           By: /S/    MARILYN A. ALEXANDER  *           By: /s/    DARREN M. REBELEZ  *           Marilyn A. Alexander     Darren M. Rebelez   Director     Director           By: /S/    CHERYL D. ALSTON  *           By: /s/    LAMAR C. SMITH  *           Cheryl D. Alston     Lamar C. Smith   Director     Director           By: /S/    DAVID L. BOREN  *           By: /s/    MARY E. THIGPEN  *           David L. Boren     Mary E. Thigpen   Director     Director           By: /s/    JANE M. BUCHAN  *           By: /s/    PAUL J. ZUCCONI  *           Jane M. Buchan     Paul J. Zucconi   Director     Director           By: /s/    ROBERT W. INGRAM  *                 Robert W. Ingram         Director       128 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Date: February 26, 2018         *By:   /s/    F RANK  M. S VOBODA             Frank M. Svoboda     Attorney-in-fact   129 TMK 2017 FORM 10-K 	 
 
 
 
